969401927057444865	2018-03-02 02:40:04	https://t.co/uuM2tjYkPw	Russians used social media to stir divisions on U.S. energy policy: lawmakers https://t.co/uuM2tjYkPw https://t.co/lK2wjIwhBK	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Russian operatives attempting to discourage U.S. energy production posted thousands of messages on social media supporting environmental activists in their campaign to limit oil and gas projects, a report by Republican lawmakers said on Thursday. On Facebook and Instagram, for example, a picture of a real protestor fighting against Energy Transfer Partners’ (ETP.N) Dakota Access Pipeline was presented with a panel written by Russian operatives that said“Americans have been stealing from Native Americans for more than 500 years.” The lawmakers’ report linked some 9,100 posts on Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram between 2015 and 2017 to operatives including the St. Petersburg-based Internet Research Agency, a Russian propaganda arm known for its trolling on social media. It was one of three firms indicted on Feb. 16 by a U.S. special counsel investigating intelligence agency allegations of Russian tampering in the 2016 election, charges Moscow denies. Thirteen Russians were also charged, the court document describing them as having“had a strategic goal to sow discord in the U.S. political system.” Representative Lamar Smith, the Republican head of the U.S. House of Representatives Science Committee and a denier of climate science, said that Russians benefit by stirring controversy about U.S. energy production because the administration of President Donald Trump is trying to expand oil and natural gas exports to Europe. Russia has traditionally been a major energy supplier to that market. Democrats on the panel and environmentalists criticized Republicans for focusing on energy policy instead of election meddling. The Russian embassy in Washington did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the panel’s report. “The American people deserve to know if what they see on social media is the creation of a foreign power seeking to undermine our domestic energy policy,” Smith said. The report said information provided by Twitter showed more than 4 percent of all tweets by the Internet Research Agency were related to energy or environmental issues, compared to 8 percent of its tweets on the elections. A specialist on energy and foreign policy said the postings likely had little influence on U.S. energy markets. “It’s almost impossible to change U.S. energy policy through a social media campaign,” said Brenda Shaffer, a professor at Georgetown University,“a campaign would have to affect both the state and federal levels to be effective.” Trump has called investigations into possible cooperation between his presidential campaign and Russians a political“witch hunt.” “To ignore known meddling in the very foundation of our democracy while focusing solely on Russia’s influence on the U.S. energy market, a market that is currently booming, seems irresponsible at best,” said Representative Eddie Bernice Johnson, the top Democrat on the science committee. Naomi Ages, a climate campaign director at Greenpeace, said Smith was“ignoring the very real threats of election interference and climate change to once again waste taxpayer money muddying the waters.” 
969399465680523266	2018-03-02 02:30:17	https://t.co/VhrjUQvoAV	Facebook ends test that split News Feed in two in six countries https://t.co/VhrjUQvoAV https://t.co/Mw8b61xDL2	 SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Facebook Inc on Thursday put an end to a test of splitting its signature News Feed into two, an idea that roiled how people consumed news in the six countries where it occurred and added to concern about Facebook’s power. The test created two streaming series of posts. One was focused on photos and other updates from friends and family, and a second was called an“explore feed.” It was dedicated to material from Facebook pages that the user had liked, such as media outlets or sports teams. The social media network decided to end the test and maintain one feed because people told the company in surveys they did not like the change, Adam Mosseri, head of the News Feed at Facebook, said in a statement. “People told us they were less satisfied with the posts they were seeing, and having two separate feeds didn’t actually help them connect more with friends and family,” Mosseri said. The test began in October and took place in Bolivia, Cambodia, Guatemala, Serbia, Slovakia and Sri Lanka. It quickly reduced website traffic for smaller media outlets, some of which had built their audiences on Facebook clicks. The test revealed a contradiction in Facebook’s relationship with publishers, whom the social network has also courted as a source of free content, said Leonardo Rodríguez, director of digital development at Guatemala’s Prensa Libre group. “This seemed to me like an abusive practice and shows their control,” Rodríguez said. Mosseri said the company had also“received feedback that we made it harder for people in the test countries to access important information, and that we didn’t communicate the test clearly.” He said Facebook would, in response, revise how it tests product changes. “I hope Facebook will have more interest in what is happening inside its test countries,” Slovakian journalist Filip Struhárik, who had earlier criticized the test, said on Twitter on Thursday. Struhárik said news media websites are stronger now by not relying on Facebook for traffic, and he expects traffic from Facebook to fall further in the long term because of other changes to the News Feed that deemphasize media overall. Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg has unveiled other changes to the Facebook News Feed in the past two months to fight sensationalism and prioritize posts from friends and family. The world’s largest social network and its competitors are under pressure from users and government authorities to make their services less addictive and to stem the spread of false news stories and hoaxes. “Facebook will have to think about how not to erode freedom of expression, but rather to somehow set limits and protect democratic processes and people,” said Dina Fernández, editorial board president of the Guatemalan website Soy502. 
969391442606153729	2018-03-02 01:58:24	https://t.co/wmwq7AcshI	Philippines' Duterte tells police, soldiers not to cooperate in any drug war probe https://t.co/wmwq7AcshI	 MANILA (Reuters) - Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte has ordered police and soldiers not to cooperate in any investigation into his bloody war on drugs, amid international calls for an external probe. Western countries and rights groups have expressed alarm over the killing by police of more than 4,000 Filipinos since Duterte took office in June 2016, plus hundreds more killings of drug users by unknown gunmen. “When it comes to human rights, or whoever rapporteur it is, my order to you: Do not answer. Do not bother,” Duterte said in a speech before elite armed police units in his home city of Davao late Thursday. “And who are you to interfere in the way I would run my country? You know very well that we are being swallowed by drugs,” Duterte added. The Philippines on Tuesday welcomed a United Nations investigation into Duterte’s signature anti-narcotics campaign, but not if it is conducted by the current U.N. special rapporteur on extrajudicial killings, Agnes Callamard, who Manila has accused of bias and of not being qualified An International Criminal Court prosecutor has opened a preliminary examination into a complaint accusing Duterte and top officials of crimes against humanity in the anti-drugs campaign. Duterte says he welcomes that and is willing to“rot in jail” to protect Filipinos Human rights advocates have said many of the police killings in the drugs war have been executions. Police deny the allegations, saying they had to use deadly force because the suspects were armed and had resisted arrest. Despite criticism of the Philippine leader’s bloody anti-narcotics campaign, Duterte remains wildly popular and is the country’s most trusted public official, according to opinion polls. 
969387816596787200	2018-03-02 01:44:00	https://t.co/uPfdBtD2st	Peru prosecutors search business group's offices in graft probe https://t.co/uPfdBtD2st https://t.co/AdBooh7IsF	 LIMA (Reuters) - Peruvian prosecutors searched the offices of Peru’s largest business association on Thursday in a graft investigation into Brazilian construction company Odebrecht [ODBES.UL], a spokeswoman for the attorney general’s office said. The search came a day after the former head of Odebrecht’s operations in Peru, Jorge Barata, told prosecutors that he had given money to the 2011 presidential campaigns of several politicians, according to Giuliana Loza, a lawyer for Keiko Fujimori, who lost a bid for the presidency and is now the leader of Peru’s most powerful opposition party. Prosecutors have said they are looking into whether Odebrecht’s unreported campaign contributions were part of money laundering and graft schemes. Brazilian builder Odebrecht [ODBES.UL] has been at the center of Latin America’s biggest graft scandal since acknowledging in a late 2016 leniency deal that it had bribed officials in a dozen countries, including Peru. Barata, who is a state’s witness, also testified that he had given money for political campaigning to the National Confederation of Private Business Institutions (Confiep), Peru’s biggest business lobby, Loza told journalists on Wednesday. Confiep denied reports by local media that it had taken money from Barata to put toward Keiko Fujimori’s presidential campaign. “Confiep, as a business association, does not support campaigns or political parties,” it said in a statement, adding that it was cooperating with prosecutors. Fujimori has denied that any money from Barata or Odebrecht ever entered her campaign. The Odebrecht scandal nearly toppled President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski in December after Congress revealed that he had not disclosed his past business ties to the company. 
969385759517171712	2018-03-02 01:35:50	https://t.co/Ex5cRk0lLN	China ready to build larger aircraft carriers, paper says https://t.co/Ex5cRk0lLN	 BEIJING (Reuters) - China is ready to build larger aircraft carriers having mastered the technical ability to do so, a major state-run newspaper said on Friday ahead of the release of the country’s annual defense budget. President Xi Jinping pledged in October to turn China’s military into a world-class fighting force by 2050 and has made new technology development a key policy plank, investing in stealth fighters, aircraft carriers and missiles. China already has one operational carrier, the second-hand Soviet-era Liaoning bought from Ukraine in 1998, and is carrying out tests on its first indigenously built carrier, launched last year and expected to enter service in 2020. Liu Zheng, chairman of Dalian Shipbuilding Industry in Liaoning province, said his company and its parent, China Shipbuilding Industry Corp, the world’s largest shipbuilder, could design and build carriers. “We have complete ownership of the expertise, in terms of design, technology, technique, manufacturing and project management, that is needed to make an advanced carrier,” Liu told the official China Daily ahead of Monday’s opening of the annual session of parliament. “We are ready to build larger ones,” he said. China Shipbuilding said earlier this week they were developing technologies to build a nuclear-powered aircraft carrier. Little is known about China’s aircraft carrier program, which is a state secret. State media has quoted experts as saying that China needs at least six carriers, an endeavor expected to take decades. The United States operates 10 and plans to build two more. China’s navy has been taking an increasingly prominent role over the past year, with its first aircraft carrier sailing around self-ruled Taiwan and new Chinese warships popping up in far-flung places. China unveils its 2018 defense budget when parliament opens next week, a closely watched figure around the region and in Washington for signs of China’s strategic intentions. 
969384370309140480	2018-03-02 01:30:18	https://t.co/6qYPmcjlVm	Unhappy Canada vows to retaliate against any U.S. steel tariffs https://t.co/6qYPmcjlVm https://t.co/PGThckbYJa	 OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canada will retaliate against any U.S. tariffs on steel and aluminum products, officials said on Thursday, as Ottawa faced what could be one of the biggest economic threats since Donald Trump became president. Trump unveiled the tariffs on Thursday but did not make clear whether they would apply to Canada and Mexico, which together with the United States are trying to renegotiate the 24-year-old North American Free Trade Agreement. “Should restrictions be imposed on Canadian steel and aluminum products, Canada will take responsive measures to defend its trade interests and workers,” Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said in a statement, calling any trade restrictions“absolutely unacceptable.” She did not give details, and Canadian officials were not immediately available for comment on what measures she might have in mind. Canada sends 75 percent of its goods exports to the United States and would be vulnerable if a trade war erupted. Canada is also the largest supplier of both steel and aluminum to the United States. Miner Rio Tinto, the largest producer of aluminum in Canada, Alcoa Corp and the United Steelworkers union, which represents workers in both the United States and Canada, all said Canada should be spared from any tariffs. A Canadian government official, asked whether Ottawa would be pressing for an exemption, said“Our efforts have never diminished nor altered” since the question of possible steel tariffs first emerged last year. Canada buys more American steel than any other country, accounting for 50 percent of U.S. exports, and the steel and aluminum industry is highly integrated, Freeland said. Joseph Galimberti, president of the Canadian Steel Producers Association, said there was still room for Canada to be granted an exemption. “The government has been quite active ... in putting forward the case for our exemption and we expect them to continue to do so,” he said by phone. The Trump administration - which Freeland generally describes as the most protectionist since the 1930s - has sought to impose tariffs on Canadian softwood lumber and aircraft over the last year. Canada pushed back on both occasions and won a victory in January when a U.S. tribunal rejected Boeing Co’s calls for punitive duties against Bombardier Corp passenger jets. “We will always be there to defend workers and industry. We showed it on softwood lumber and showed it with the Boeing case,” Trade Minister Francois-Philippe Champagne told reporters in Ottawa. CIBC economists Royce Mendes and Avery Shenfeld said the tariffs“could be more biting for the Canadian economy than previous moves by the administration” and said the prospects for retaliation were limited. “In many cases, Canada doesn’t have a domestic source of supply that would benefit from hitting U.S. goods with a tariff,” they said in a note to clients. International trade lawyer Mark Warner said Canada could if it wished quickly apply tariffs on steel or aluminum or other targeted products. “My hope is that the government does not respond precipitously in tone or action and continues to work for an exemption,” he said by e-mail. Milos Barutciski, head of the international trade practice at law firm Bennett Jones, said Canada could also impose sanctions by applying for permission through the World Trade Organization - a process that can take 18 months. 
969380437717069826	2018-03-02 01:14:41	https://t.co/TnOXJn3kIE	Colombia, U.S. seek to halve cocaine output in five years https://t.co/TnOXJn3kIE	 BOGOTA (Reuters) - Colombia and the United States agreed on Thursday to work together to reduce by half the production of cocaine, and cultivation of its raw material coca in the South American nation within five years. Coca leaf, which is turned into cocaine using various chemicals and fertilizers, covered 188,000 hectares of Colombia at the end of 2016, while potential production of cocaine reached 910 metric tons, according to the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA). “This effort includes the national implementation of a comprehensive anti-narcotics strategy that aims to reduce estimated cocaine production and coca cultivation by 50 percent by 2023,” U.S. Under Secretary of Political Affairs Thomas Shannon said at the end of a meeting with Colombia’s foreign minister. Details were not provided on how they would achieve the reduction. Colombia is one of the leading producers and traffickers of cocaine. The United States is the main consumer of Colombian cocaine and provides military and economic aid to fight the illegal drugs industry. Between 2000 and 2015, Colombia received about $10 billion for military and social programs. The U.S. government now provides about $400 million annually to Colombia. Colombia’s Foreign Minister Maria Angela Holguin said she appreciated support from the United States over the years. “On the issue of security and the fight against a world drug problem, we continue to unite, and we know that by working together we can one day make Colombia a drug-free country,” she said in a statement. 
969378403609702400	2018-03-02 01:06:36	https://t.co/n0I1t20Sr0	China media makes war threat over U.S. Taiwan bill https://t.co/n0I1t20Sr0	 BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese state media threatened on Friday that the country could go to war over Taiwan if the United States passes into law a bill promoting closer U.S. ties with the self-ruled island that China claims as its own. The legislation, which only needs President Donald Trump’s signature to become law, says it should be U.S. policy to allow officials at all levels to travel to Taiwan to meet their Taiwanese counterparts, permit high-level Taiwanese officials to enter the United States“under respectful conditions” and meet with U.S. officials. Beijing considers democratic Taiwan to be a wayward province and integral part of“one China”, ineligible for state-to-state relations, and has never renounced the use of force to bring the island under its control. In a strongly-worded editorial, the official China Daily said if the bill becomes law it will only encourage Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen to further assert the island’s sovereignty. “Which, if she persisted, would lead to the inevitable consequence of triggering the Anti-Secession Law that allows Beijing to use force to prevent the island from seceding,” the paper said, referring to a Chinese law passed in 2005. “Since the U.S. is bound by domestic law to act on behalf of the island in that instance, it would only give substance to the observation that the descent into hell is easy.” China’s hostility towards Taiwan has risen since the election to president of Tsai from the pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party in 2016. China suspects Tsai wants to push for formal independence, a red line for Communist Party leaders in Beijing, though she has said she wants to maintain the status quo and is committed to ensuring peace. Taiwan has welcomed the U.S. legislation. In a second editorial, the widely-read state-run Global Times tabloid said China could“make targeted measures against pro-independence forces in Taiwan”. “Militarily, the strength of the People’s Liberation Army has fundamentally changed the military and political situation across the Straits,” it said, talking about the narrow waterway that separates Taiwan from its giant neighbor. “Thanks to its rapid growth, the Chinese mainland is now granted unparalleled strategic initiative across the Taiwan Straits.” China has dramatically upped its military presence around Taiwan. China’s air force has carried out 16 rounds of exercises close to Taiwan in the last year or so, said Taiwan’s defense ministry in late December, warning that China’s military threat was growing by the day. The United States has no formal ties with Taiwan but is bound by law to help it defend itself and is the island’s main source of arms. China regularly says Taiwan is the most sensitive issue in its ties with Washington. 
969372950670569473	2018-03-02 00:44:56	https://t.co/AzKHLqZnBD	P&amp;G says cut digital ad spend by $200 million in 2017 https://t.co/AzKHLqZnBD https://t.co/UT6CUtxrjo	 (Reuters) - Procter & Gamble Co (PG.N) said on Thursday it cut digital advertising spend by $200 million last year based on viewership data provided by tech and media companies that showed its ads were not reaching its target audience effectively. P&G, the world’s biggest advertiser, has been at the forefront of a campaign to pressure digital media companies to be transparent with their viewership metrics by telling them how many people see their ads and how ad agencies spend advertising dollars. These efforts have led tech companies such as Facebook (FB.O) and Alphabet Inc’s (GOOGL.O) YouTube to rework algorithms to check content quality, empower marketers with more control on their ads and protect them from being associated with unrelated or inappropriate content. “Transparency shined a spotlight on reality and we learned valuable lessons which are driving profound change,” Marc Pritchard, P&G’s chief brand officer said at the Association of National Advertisers’ media conference in Orlando, Florida on Thursday. “With transparent viewability data, we learned that the average view time for an ad on a mobile newsfeed is 1.7 seconds – little more than a glance – pushing us to innovate.” Pritchard said fresh data on ad consumption encouraged P&G to reduce digital spending to several big media companies by 20 percent to 50 percent last year. The consumer goods conglomerate said it cut digital spending by more $100 million between April and June of 2017 and continued with the cuts at the same rate for the rest of the year. P&G, however, has not cut overall media spending. Funds have been reinvested to increase media reach, including in areas such as TV, audio and ecommerce media, a company spokeswoman told Reuters. P&G’s advertising costs, which includes spends on worldwide television, print, radio, internet and in-store advertising, were $7.1 billion in 2017, down from $7.2 billion in 2016. Its digital spending amounts to a third of the total spend. 
969370938600054785	2018-03-02 00:36:56	https://t.co/Vo4U5h1m3t	Colombia's FARC leader Timochenko hospitalized with chest pains https://t.co/Vo4U5h1m3t	 BOGOTA (Reuters) - Colombian former FARC rebel leader Rodrigo Londono, known by his nom de guerre Timochenko, was hospitalized on Thursday with chest pains and is under observation, the group said in a statement. Timochenko, who in late 2016 signed a peace agreement with the government and is now a presidential candidate, suffers from heart problems and had surgery in Cuba while negotiating the accord. The former rebel commander was taken to hospital with chest pains after conducting his daily exercise routine, the group said. Timochenko is running for president for the group’s new political party, which kept its famous initials by renaming itself the Revolutionary Alternative Common Force. He suspended campaigning last month due to security concerns after angry protests disrupted campaign stops. Many Colombians remain angry at the FARC, infamous for kidnappings, bombings and displacements, and believe its members should be in prison, not campaigning. Recent opinion polls have shown Timochenko has as little as 1 percent support. The party has focused its political platform on fighting poverty. 
969369274556080128	2018-03-02 00:30:19	https://t.co/hCW9dpDUfG	Trump says U.S. to impose tariffs on steel, aluminum imports https://t.co/hCW9dpDUfG https://t.co/wIC85NXWsS	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday the United States would impose tariffs of 25 percent on steel imports and 10 percent on imported aluminum next week. At a meeting with U.S. industry officials at the White House, Trump vowed to rebuild American steel and aluminum industries, saying they had been treaded unfairly by other countries for decades. The move is likely to increase tensions with China, whose top trade official Lui He is in Washington for trade talks. An early morning tweet from Trump that said the steel and aluminum sectors needed protecting from unfair trade drove shares in domestic industries sharply higher. AK Steel Holding (AKS.N) was up 2.8 percent, U.S. Steel Corp (X.N) was up 2.3 percent and Nucor (NUE.N) rose 1 percent. By contrast, industrial stocks such as Boeing fell, with traders citing tariffs, which would hit manufacturers. The administration says duties would protect U.S. industry, but critics say they would raise costs for industry and fail to deliver on a campaign pledge to boost domestic jobs. Trump tweeted on Thursday that American steel and aluminum companies needed“free, fair and smart trade”. Trump has indicated he favors a duty of 24 percent on steel imports. The administration has also cited national security interests for its action, saying the United States needs domestic supply for its tanks and warships. The Department of Defense has recommended targeted steel tariffs and a delay in aluminum duties. Although China only accounts for two percent of U.S. steel imports, its massive industry expansion has helped produce a global glut of steel that has driven down prices. China has indicated it could retaliate against U.S. steel tariffs by targeting imports of U.S. agricultural commodities, such as soybeans of which America is the largest supplier. Trade tensions between the United States and China have risen since Trump took office in 2017 and the administration is also pushing on what it regards as forced technology transfers to China. Shares of Asian steel producers such as South Korea’s POSCO (005490.KS) and Nippon Steel (5401.T) fell overnight. While American steelmakers have lost three quarters of their jobs between 1962 and 2005, a major study by the American Economic Association showed that much of this had been due to improved production technology as output per worker rose fivefold. “Thus, even if trade protection leads to increased domestic production, increases in employment may be far less than many hope,” a report from the highly-regarded independent Econofact economist network said last week. Consumers of steel and aluminum have lobbied hard against the tariffs. Econofact said in its report that two million jobs were in industries that use steel“intensively”, including auto parts, household appliances, farm machinery and oil equipment. Jobs in the consuming industries are concentrated in California, Texas, the Northeastern and Midwestern states that comprise the rust belt and states in the Southeast. “Across many states, the number of jobs adversely affected in these steel-using industries could far exceed any steel jobs saved,” Econofact warned. “Past experience also shows that unilateral action like Section 232 tariffs will invite retaliation — the Bush-era steel tariffs led many countries to target politically sensitive U.S. exports like Florida oranges and North Carolina textiles.” 
969362046822252548	2018-03-02 00:01:36	https://t.co/z7QOoaMCET	Guatemala appeals for more U.S. help to combat drug trafficking https://t.co/z7QOoaMCET	 PORT OF SAN JOSE, Guatemala (Reuters) - Guatemala appealed to the United States on Thursday for more equipment and training to tackle drug trafficking as U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley visited the Central American country to see how effective their efforts have been. Stemming a flow of drugs and migrants into the United States has become a key focus for President Donald Trump, who wants to build a wall on the country’s southern border and has called for a halt to aid for countries failing to stop trafficking. While Trump’s remarks came after a U.S. official told him cocaine was mainly coming from Colombia and Peru via Mexico and Central America, Guatemala’s Governance Minister Enrique Antonio Degenhart Asturias said:“We know they are not talking about us.” Defense Minister Luis Ralda agreed.“He knows that we’re giving here a pretty strong fight against drugs and that we’re doing it with the resources we have and with the aid we receive from the different agencies of the United States,” he said. Asturias and Ralda took Haley to a Guatemalan Naval Special Forces base on the country’s Pacific coast on Thursday to hear about the maritime interdiction operations carried out by the Guatemalan forces, usually acting on U.S. intelligence tips. Both ministers said more helicopters, boats, vehicles and communication equipment were needed to boost the effectiveness of the operations by the 131-member special force, which seized more than 10,000 packages of cocaine last year valued at nearly $140 million. However, senior Guatemalan naval officers said the force was operating with boats that were not big enough and not always fast enough to catch the drug traffickers. They said the traffickers were traveling thousands of miles from Colombia and had started using hard-to-detect semi-submarine-like boats. The officials said the special forces boats sometimes have to travel hundreds of miles out to sea and end up running out of fuel. They have to rely on fuel from the interdicted vessel to get home or sometimes float until they are rescued. “We need a logistics vessel that can allow us to be more successful operationally,” one Guatemalan official told Haley as they toured the special forces base, before being taken out on one of the boats provided several years ago by the United States. Haley also visited Honduras during her four-day trip to Central America and said she plans to brief Trump on her return about their efforts to fight drug and migrant trafficking and corruption. She thanked both countries for their support in voting against a United Nations General Assembly resolution in December that called for Washington to reverse its decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel’s capital. 
969359962743934979	2018-03-01 23:53:19	https://t.co/T8xsSzv0UX	Italy's Tajani agrees to be Berlusconi's PM choice ahead of vote https://t.co/T8xsSzv0UX	 ROME (Reuters) - European Parliament President Antonio Tajani said on Thursday he would stand as candidate for prime minister for former premier Silvio Berlusconi’s Forza Italia, or“Go Italy!” party, in the March 4 vote. Berlusconi, 81, has served as Italy’s prime minister four times, but is barred from holding public office until 2019 because of a 2013 tax fraud conviction. Berlusconi had announced on Tuesday that Tajani, a Forza Italia co-founder in 1994, was his preferred premier candidate in the parliamentary election, but said Tajani had not yet accepted the offer. On Thursday, Tajani responded on Twitter, thanking Berlusconi for“his gesture of great respect toward me. I told him that I was willing to serve Italy.” Berlusconi welcomed Tajani’s announcement shortly after an appearance on a talk show on one of the media magnate’s own TV channels. “I know it’s a shame to take Antonio Tajani away from Europe, but it’s in the best interest of Italy,” Berlusconi said. Tajani, 64, has been one of Berlusconi’s most loyal lieutenants, staying by his side when the veteran leader, engulfed by sex scandals, was forced to resign as prime minister in 2011 at the height of a sovereign debt crisis. Friday is the last day of campaigning allowed before the Sunday vote. Berlusconi’s center-right alliance was seen winning the most seats before a poll blackout came into force on Feb. 16, but still falling short of a governing majority. Berlusconi’s coalition partners include the anti-migrant League and nationalist Brothers of Italy. They have agreed that if the bloc wins an absolute majority on Sunday, the party which takes the most votes can pick the next premier. Polls had showed Forza Italia maintaining a steady lead over the League. Ultimately, it is President Sergio Mattarella who makes the choice. Tajani was elected to the European Parliament in 1994 and has spent much of his political career in Brussels, becoming president of the EU assembly in January, 2017 when Martin Schulz left the job to return to national German politics. His pro-European credentials means he will not be welcomed with open arms by either of his coalition partners, which are both euroskeptical. 
969357825448308742	2018-03-01 23:44:50	https://t.co/0kZyvi6b5L	Wealth of China's richest lawmakers rises by one third: Hurun https://t.co/0kZyvi6b5L	 BEIJING (Reuters) - The richest members of China’s parliament and its advisory body have grown even richer, according to an organization tracking wealth in China. Led by Ma Huateng, chairman of tech giant Tencent Holdings Ltd, with a net worth of 295 billion yuan ($46 billion), the top 100 representatives had a total net worth of 3.91 trillion yuan, the Shanghai-based Hurun Report said on Friday. Their total wealth rose by one-third over the 12 months to Jan. 31, according to Reuters’ calculations based on Hurun’s data. While Chinese President Xi Jinping has led a crackdown on corruption and made the fight against poverty a priority, representatives of the National People’s Congress (NPC) and the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC) include some of the communist-ruled country’s wealthiest businessmen. Hurun identified 153 delegates as each being worth 2 billion yuan or more, the lowest number in five years. But although the total numbers of the super-rich in the two government bodies was down, their combined wealth at 4.12 trillion yuan was nearly 18 percent higher than the total wealth of rich lawmakers last year. The strong property market boosted the wealth of a number of representatives, including Xu Jiayin, chairman of developer China Evergrande Group, whose net worth leapt 242 percent to 260 billion yuan. Those making their first appearance as lawmakers include leaders of some of China’s big internet firms such as Netease Chief Executive William Ding, JD.com Chairman Richard Liu, and security software company Qihoo’s CEO, Zhou Hongyi. The NPC and CPPCC start their annual sessions in Beijing next week. While all Chinese over the age of 18 are technically allowed to vote for delegates and stand for election to the NPC, most delegates are hand-picked by local-level officials. ($1 = 6.3520 Chinese yuan renminbi) 
969356631623561221	2018-03-01 23:40:05	https://t.co/vnsxovdEOr	Equifax profit beats Street view as breach costs climb https://t.co/vnsxovdEOr https://t.co/u7eoIehl4U	 (Reuters) - Equifax Inc (EFX.N) on Thursday reported quarterly results ahead of Wall Street forecasts, even as the consumer credit agency posted $26.5 million in costs related to last year’s massive data breach. The company posted quarterly per-share profit of $1.39, beating the average analyst forecast of $1.35, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Revenue rose 5 percent from a year earlier to $838.5 million, beating the average forecast of $825.7 million. Equifax disclosed earlier on Thursday that it had discovered an additional 2.4 million U.S. consumers were affected by the cyber attack, bringing the total number of people whose data was compromised to more than 147 million. Executives are scheduled to discuss the results and investigation into the data breach during a conference call with analysts early on Friday. The newly identified victims had their names and partial driver’s license information stolen, though hackers did not obtain their Social Security numbers, Equifax said in a statement. The company said it has so far recorded breach-related expenses of $114 million, net of insurance recoveries. The cyber attack, which was first disclosed in September, has triggered investigations by governments around the world, lawsuits and the departure of several Equifax executives.. Thursday’s disclosure of additional victims drew criticism from some politicians and consumer advocates. The U.S. Senate’s Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation plans to obtain more information on the newly identified victims, said the group’s chairman, Republican John Thune. “The company should have acted sooner to mitigate the impact on these additional affected consumers,” Thune said in a statement.“Equifax needs to put consumers first and shouldn’t be trying to clean up its mess in a piecemeal fashion.” Equifax said it would contact the newly identified breach victims and offer them free identity theft protection and credit monitoring services. The company’s shares fell 1.3 percent at $111.50 in New York Stock Exchange trade that closed before the results were released. That was in line with a decline in U.S. stocks. 
969354149925195777	2018-03-01 23:30:13	https://t.co/kN9wbDi4Jr	Trump nominee: Russia, China don't expect 'much' U.S. response to cyber attacks https://t.co/kN9wbDi4Jr https://t.co/RPZfn6IxfL	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Lieutenant General Paul Nakasone, President Donald Trump’s nominee to lead the U.S. Cyber Command, said on Thursday he did not think Russia, China and other countries expected much of a response from the United States to cyber attacks. “They don’t think much will happen,” Nakasone said when questioned by Republican Senator Dan Sullivan at his confirmation hearing to be director of the National Security Agency and commander of the military’s U.S. Cyber Command. “We seem to be the cyber punching bag of the world,” Sullivan said during the Senate Armed Services Committee hearing. Nakasone’s hearing came two days after his retiring predecessor, Admiral Mike Rogers, told the same panel that Trump had not granted him the authority to disrupt Russian election-hacking operations. Nakasone, who served as chief of the U.S. Army’s Cyber Command since late 2016, said responsibility for developing a“whole of government” response to cyber attacks lay with the Trump administration, although he would present the Republican president with options. U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that Russia interfered in the 2016 presidential campaign using hacking and propaganda, an effort that eventually included attempting to tilt the election in Trump’s favor. Russia denies interfering. U.S. intelligence leaders more recently have warned that Moscow is trying to disrupt this year’s midterm elections, with Trump’s fellow Republicans seeking to retain control of Congress. When questioned by another Republican, Senator Ben Sasse, Nakasone said he did not think countries behind cyber attacks had seen enough of a U.S. response to deter them. “Our adversaries have not seen our response in sufficient detail to change their behavior,” Nakasone said. Nakasone also said he had not come to an opinion on whether the NSA and Cyber Command should be separated. They have been combined since the cyber operation was created in 2009, but there has been debate recently over whether they would be more effective as separate entities. Opponents of the idea said it is essential that they work closely together against a growing threat. Nakasone, who is expected to win confirmation in the Senate, said he would make a recommendation to Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis and Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats on that issue within 90 days of assuming the position. Nakasone, 54, previously served as deputy commanding general of U.S. Cyber Command as well as a staff officer for General Keith Alexander, the first head of Cyber Command and the head of the NSA from 2005 to 2014. 
969351233029988354	2018-03-01 23:18:38	https://t.co/8yk6FT8Ocd	PNG declares state of emergency after deadly quake strikes rugged highlands https://t.co/8yk6FT8Ocd	 SYDNEY (Reuters) - Papua New Guinea has declared a state of emergency across its remote and rugged highlands, the country’s Prime Minister Peter O’Neill said on Friday, days after a deadly quake struck the region and killed at least 31 people. Rescuers have struggled to reach villages buried by landslides near the epicenter, and even hard-hit larger towns, since the 7.5-magnitude quake wrecked roads and runways on Monday and cloudy weather made helicopter flights difficult since. “This is an unprecedented disaster,” O’Neill said in a statement late on Wednesday, while promising 450 million kina ($135 million) in government aid and help from the military. “A state of emergency has been declared to expedite the restoration of essential public services including healthcare services, schools, road access, airports, power and communications facilities,” he said. At least 13 people died when landslides covered remote hamlets close to where the quake struck, some 560 km (350 miles) northwest of the capital, Port Moresby, an official told Reuters on Thursday. While the region has no major urban centers, around 670,000 people live within 100 km of the epicenter according to the Red Cross. Most of the other confirmed fatalities were in or around the provincial capital of Mendi and the town of Tari 40 km (25 miles) from the epicenter, where airports are closed and relief workers are yet to arrive. “Our people live in scattered hamlets and people are dying slowly - the only means of rescue is through helicopters and they are hardly coming,” Hela province’s administrator, William Bando, told Reuters from his office in a shipping container in Tari. “A lot of people are asking for tents, water and medical supplies. It’s a beautiful day here today, we hope a helicopter comes.” The International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies said it released $221,000 in funds to help relief efforts and would send first aid, water, mosquito nets and shelters, to the region. Australia has also promised aid and sent a C-130 military plane to help with aerial surveys. Miners and oil and gas companies were also assessing damage to their infrastructure, including a 700-km (435-mile) gas pipeline that connects to a coastal liquefaction plant, which ExxonMobil Corp on Thursday said was not damaged. Earthquakes are common in Papua New Guinea, which sits on the Pacific Ocean’s“Ring of Fire,” a hotspot for seismic activity due to friction between tectonic plates. 
969343149926764544	2018-03-01 22:46:31	https://t.co/dSPX9bfd88	Britain's May to set out Brexit vision for trade deal deeper than any other https://t.co/dSPX9bfd88	 LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May will set out her vision on Friday for a Brexit deal deeper and wider than any“free trade agreement anywhere in the world”, telling the European Union it is in their“shared interest”. In a much-anticipated speech which the EU hopes will offer details of her plan for Britain’s future after Brexit, May will try to defuse a dispute over the border with Ireland that threatens to stall the Brexit talks. But the prime minister, weak after losing her parliamentary majority last year, will struggle to satisfy the demands not only of EU officials but also of the warring factions in her Conservative party and companies desperate for clarity. The 61-year-old leader has long kept her cards to her chest, trying to avoid provoking those who want a clean break with the EU, or others, who fear the world’s sixth-largest economy will be hit if barriers are raised against a major trading partner. Excerpts of the speech, issued before Friday’s event in London, offer little detail, but say May will be guided by five tests including reaching an enduring solution and bringing Britain together. “So I want the broadest and deepest possible agreement - covering more sectors and co-operating more fully than any Free Trade Agreement anywhere in the world today,” May will say. “I believe that is achievable because it is in the EU’s interests as well as ours and because of our unique starting point, where on day one we both have the same laws and rules. So rather than having to bring two different systems closer together, the task will be to manage the relationship once we are two separate legal systems.” May hopes the speech, titled“Our Future Partnership”, will round off a series of briefings by her ministers to settle the question of how Britain sees its future outside the EU and its economic architecture after more than 40 years. But so far, her government’s words have cut little ice with EU negotiators, who incensed many in her party by setting out in a draft withdrawal agreement a backup plan for the border with EU member Ireland which effectively would see the UK province of Northern Ireland remaining part of the EU customs union. That could mean that Northern Ireland would have different rules from the rest of the United Kingdom, something May said on Wednesday“no UK prime minister could ever agree to”. [nL8N1QJ3OB] Challenged to come up with an alternative solution, May is expected to set out again her proposal of“managed divergence” from some EU rules, a plan that was derided by the EU as“pure illusion” akin to Britain having its cake and eating it by choosing the areas where it wanted to keep tariff-free trade. But within that plan, there is an acceptance by the British government that the border arrangements would have to change despite the aim of keeping trade“as frictionless as possible”. Agreed on Thursday by her top team of ministers, deeply divided on how to unravel more than 40 years of union, the speech was billed by aides on Thursday as“a real step forward”. But the combative tone from the EU, with doubt cast even over an agreement on the relatively easy transition period after Britain leaves in March next year, has upped the ante. Brexit minister David Davis sent concerned Conservative lawmakers a letter repeating that Britain would not pay exit fees, the so-called divorce bill, if there was no agreement. Some politicians complained it was impossible to settle the issue of the Irish border without first discussing the future relationship. They blamed the sequencing of the talks set up by the EU — first to settle the divorce, then transition, and lastly to come to agreement over the future relationship. “I think that now is the time for her to show that she has got steel and that we are not prepared to put up with this any longer,” David Jones, a Conservative lawmaker and former junior Brexit minister, told Reuters. The implication that May has struggled so far to assert herself in the negotiations is echoed by the opposition Labour Party, which announced this week that it would support remaining in a customs union with the EU. “Theresa May must now prove once and for all that she has the authority and vision to negotiate Britain’s exit from the European Union,” Labour’s Brexit policy head Keir Starmer said in a statement. 
969341985319473153	2018-03-01 22:41:53	https://t.co/2KPVPqY5Fm	North Korea denies chemical weapons link with Syria: state media https://t.co/2KPVPqY5Fm	 SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea denied reports it had cooperated with Syria on chemical weapons, dismissing them as a fabrication by the United States to pressure the country, state media reported late Thursday. State run KCNA news agency cited a spokesman at the foreign ministry’s research institute of American studies arguing that the United States made a“nonsensical argument” that it helped Syria produce chemical weapons. “As we have clearly said several times, our republic does not develop, produce and stockpile chemical weapons and opposes chemical weapons themselves,” the spokesman said, via KCNA. Robert Wood, U.S. disarmament ambassador to the Conference on Disarmament, said on Wednesday that there has been a history of a relationship between the two countries with regard to missile activity, chemical weapons components. Two North Korean shipments to a Syrian government agency responsible for the country’s chemical weapons program were intercepted in the past six months, according to a confidential U.N. report on North Korea sanctions violations. North Korea has been under U.N. sanctions since 2006 over its ballistic missile and nuclear programs and the Security Council has ratcheted up the measures in response to six nuclear weapons tests and several long-range missile launches. The world’s chemical weapons watchdog in The Hague opened an investigation on Sunday into attacks in the besieged, rebel-held Syrian region of eastern Ghouta to determine whether banned munitions had been used, diplomatic sources told Reuters. Syria signed up to the international ban on chemical weapons in 2013, as part of a deal brokered by Moscow to avert U.S. air strikes in retaliation for a nerve gas attack that killed hundreds of people, which Washington blamed on Damascus. In the years that followed, Syria’s declared stockpile of banned poison gasses was destroyed by international monitors. 
969341540274507778	2018-03-01 22:40:07	https://t.co/L8xlG9XI3E	House Speaker Ryan hopes Trump will consider other approaches to steel tariff https://t.co/L8xlG9XI3E https://t.co/Hm4k3CM4eT	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan hopes President Donald Trump will consider the unintended consequences of his decision to slap tariffs on steel and aluminum imports, Ryan’s spokesman said on Thursday. Ryan also wants fellow Republican Trump to consider other approaches before taking action. Trump said a formal announcement on the tariffs would be made next week. “The speaker is hoping the president will consider the unintended consequences of this idea and look at other approaches before moving forward,” Ryan spokesman Doug Andres said in a statement. 
969339050975997953	2018-03-01 22:30:13	https://t.co/2PsmNajFDB	Russians used social media to stir divisions on U.S. energy policy: lawmakers https://t.co/2PsmNajFDB https://t.co/qjQ87HL2pO	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Russian operatives attempting to discourage U.S. energy production posted thousands of messages on social media supporting environmental activists in their campaign to limit oil and gas projects, a report by Republican lawmakers said on Thursday. On Facebook and Instagram, for example, a picture of a real protestor fighting against Energy Transfer Partners’ (ETP.N) Dakota Access Pipeline was presented with a panel written by Russian operatives that said“Americans have been stealing from Native Americans for more than 500 years.” The lawmakers’ report linked some 9,100 posts on Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram between 2015 and 2017 to operatives including the St. Petersburg-based Internet Research Agency, a Russian propaganda arm known for its trolling on social media. It was one of three firms indicted on Feb. 16 by a U.S. special counsel investigating intelligence agency allegations of Russian tampering in the 2016 election, charges Moscow denies. Thirteen Russians were also charged, the court document describing them as having“had a strategic goal to sow discord in the U.S. political system.” Representative Lamar Smith, the Republican head of the U.S. House of Representatives Science Committee and a denier of climate science, said that Russians benefit by stirring controversy about U.S. energy production because the administration of President Donald Trump is trying to expand oil and natural gas exports to Europe. Russia has traditionally been a major energy supplier to that market. Democrats on the panel and environmentalists criticized Republicans for focusing on energy policy instead of election meddling. The Russian embassy in Washington did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the panel’s report. “The American people deserve to know if what they see on social media is the creation of a foreign power seeking to undermine our domestic energy policy,” Smith said. The report said information provided by Twitter showed more than 4 percent of all tweets by the Internet Research Agency were related to energy or environmental issues, compared to 8 percent of its tweets on the elections. A specialist on energy and foreign policy said the postings likely had little influence on U.S. energy markets. “It’s almost impossible to change U.S. energy policy through a social media campaign,” said Brenda Shaffer, a professor at Georgetown University,“a campaign would have to affect both the state and federal levels to be effective.” Trump has called investigations into possible cooperation between his presidential campaign and Russians a political“witch hunt.” “To ignore known meddling in the very foundation of our democracy while focusing solely on Russia’s influence on the U.S. energy market, a market that is currently booming, seems irresponsible at best,” said Representative Eddie Bernice Johnson, the top Democrat on the science committee. Naomi Ages, a climate campaign director at Greenpeace, said Smith was“ignoring the very real threats of election interference and climate change to once again waste taxpayer money muddying the waters.” 
969336026476040192	2018-03-01 22:18:12	https://t.co/CuIAexlkug	Peru to enable military to protect oil pipeline from vandals: officials https://t.co/CuIAexlkug	 LIMA (Reuters) - Peru plans to declare the country’s sole oil pipeline a“strategic asset” so the military can protect it from a string of vandalism attacks, the pipeline’s operator, state-owned Petroperu and a Cabinet spokesman told Reuters. The spokesman said on Thursday that the center-right government of Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski will ask Congress to approve the move“in coming days.” The attacks in a remote Amazonian region over the past two years have made investors nervous at a time when Peru, a relatively small oil producer, is seeking to shore up slumping output, said Beatriz Alva Hart, a Petroperu manager for relations with communities near the pipeline. The 1,106 km (687 mile) pipeline transports crude from jungle oil blocks tapped by Frontera Energy Corp and Perenco to Petroperu’s refinery on the Pacific coast. Since the start of 2016, some 11,100 barrels of oil have spilled from the pipeline in 14 attacks, and 5,600 barrels spilled because of corrosion or operative failures, data from environmental regulator OEFA showed. “We’re exhausting all of our efforts to maintain the integrity of our pipeline,” Alva Hart said in an interview on Wednesday. “The pipeline will soon be qualified as infrastructure that’s a strategic asset for the Peruvian state,” allowing the military and not just the police to protect it. Petroperu suspects local businesses hired to clean up oil from two corrosion-induced ruptures in early 2016 have been behind the subsequent spate of vandalism. The pipeline was cut open again by suspected vandals on Tuesday, spilling 40 barrels from a pipeline section inoperative since last month over issues with crude quality, Alva Hart said. “We’re no longer going to hire those kinds of companies, because it creates a sort of perverse incentive,” said Alva Hart, explaining one way Petroperu hoped to discourage more attacks. Petroperu will use companies and workers outside the Amazonian region instead, she said. To help indigenous residents find steady work, Petroperu has been hiring them to clear paths to the pipeline so Petroperu can better maintain it, Alva Hart said. “We’re rebuilding relations with communities,” Alva Hart said. Indigenous leaders have repeatedly called for Petroperu and authorities to do more to stop the spills and mitigate impacts on communities that rely on local land, water and wildlife for survival. Alva Hart said 14 investigations into the attacks have been opened by public prosecutors with no arrests made. (This story corrects the last name of the Petroperu official to Alva Hart from Hart) 
969336026476023809	2018-03-01 22:18:12	https://t.co/HIglqYAI4W	U.S. approves possible sale of anti-tank missiles to Ukraine https://t.co/HIglqYAI4W	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department has approved the possible sale of Javelin anti-tank missiles and launch units to Ukraine at an estimated cost of $47 million, the Pentagon said on Thursday. The United States said in December it would provide Ukraine with defensive weapons. Since Moscow’s annexation of Crimea in 2014, Ukraine and Russia have been at loggerheads over a war in eastern Ukraine between pro-Russian separatists and Ukrainian government forces that has killed more than 10,000 people in three years. Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said in December the weapons would be used to protect Ukrainian soldiers and civilians, but Russia said the U.S. decision would encourage those who support the conflict in Ukraine to use force. The Pentagon said in a statement on Thursday the proposed sale would not alter the military balance in the region. “The Javelin system will help Ukraine build its long-term defense capacity to defend its sovereignty and territorial integrity in order to meet its national defense requirements,” it said. Ukraine’s government has asked to buy 210 Javelin missiles and 37 Javelin Command Launch Units, the statement said. The prime contractor will be a joint venture of Raytheon Co and Lockheed Martin Corp, it added. 
969336026413043713	2018-03-01 22:18:12	https://t.co/V4bRzSxvu3	Venezuela postpones presidential election to May 20 https://t.co/V4bRzSxvu3	 CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela on Thursday postponed its upcoming presidential vote to May 20 in a move cementing an opposition split as socialist incumbent Nicolas Maduro seeks re-election despite an economic crisis and global censure. The national election board said it had pushed the vote back from the original date of April 22 following a pact between Maduro’s government and some opposition parties. The main opposition coalition is boycotting the poll, saying it is a farce intended to legitimize a“dictatorship.” Maduro’s two strongest opposition rivals, Leopoldo Lopez and Henrique Capriles, are both barred from standing, and most Venezuelans view the election board as answerable to Maduro. Western nations and a dozen Latin American neighbors have reprimanded Maduro’s government over unfair conditions for the vote, and the United States is considering imposing sanctions on the OPEC member’s crucial oil sector. Breaking with the main opposition coalition, however, one prominent opposition leader, Henri Falcon, has launched his candidacy. The 56-year-old former state governor believes he can win, even without the coalition’s election machinery behind him, by taking advantage of widespread dissatisfaction with the ruling socialists over a fifth year of grueling recession. However, opposition supporters in the camps of Lopez and Capriles have called Falcon a“sellout” and are urging voters to stay away from the polls to isolate Maduro and de-legitimize what they say will be a rigged win. “Sadly, Falcon succumbed to the temptation of participating and playing the dictatorship’s game,” said Juan Pablo Guanipa, a leader in Capriles’ Justice First party. Government stalwart Jorge Rodriguez said Thursday’s agreement with Falcon’s Progressive Advance party, and some other movements, was evidence of a reconciliatory spirit that undercut foreign criticism of autocratic rule in Venezuela. “Venezuela is a model democracy for the whole world,” Rodriguez, who is communications minister, told reporters at the election board headquarters. Luis Romero, who leads Falcon’s party, said the only way to bring about change was via the polls, and not through protests similar to those that caused nearly 130 deaths last year. “Venezuelans want to get rid of Maduro, but not by killing each other in the streets,” he said, also speaking at the election board in downtown Caracas. As well as a change in the date, Falcon is demanding reforms of the pro-government election board, U.N. observers, and the end of state handouts close to voting booths on election days. He told Reuters he may pull out if guarantees are not given. A former military man who broke with the ruling socialists in 2010, Falcon styles himself a center-leftist favoring business-friendly policies with strong social welfare programs. Maduro is campaigning on a pledge to stay loyal to predecessor Hugo Chavez’s self-styled“21st century socialism.” In a broadcast on Facebook on Thursday, Maduro said Venezuela’s minimum wage was rising 58 percent as of March 1 to 392,646 bolivars a month, or $1.84 according to DolarToday, a website that closely tracks the black market rate. Maduro also lifted Venezuelans’ food ticket allowance 67 percent to 915,000 bolivars a month, the equivalent of $4.29. Bucking most analysts’ consensus, several polls have shown Falcon stands a chance of defeating Maduro. A survey of 1,000 people in early February by Datanalisis said that in a two-way race Falcon would defeat Maduro by 45.8 percent to 32.2 percent of likely voters. Maduro says Venezuela’s election system is clean, and accuses the United States of leading a right-wing international conspiracy to end socialism and take over his nation’s oil. The election board said on Thursday that local and state legislature votes will also take place on May 20. 
969326432987033600	2018-03-01 21:40:05	https://t.co/iLYag9r4Ua	Facebook ends six-country test of two separate News Feeds https://t.co/iLYag9r4Ua https://t.co/b9gtJEuDxv	 SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Facebook Inc on Thursday put an end to a test of splitting its signature News Feed into two, an idea that roiled how people consumed news in the six countries where it occurred and added to concern about Facebook’s power. The test created two streaming series of posts. One was focused on photos and other updates from friends and family, and a second was called an“explore feed.” It was dedicated to material from Facebook pages that the user had liked, such as media outlets or sports teams. The social media network decided to end the test and maintain one feed because people told the company in surveys they did not like the change, Adam Mosseri, head of the News Feed at Facebook, said in a statement. “People told us they were less satisfied with the posts they were seeing, and having two separate feeds didn’t actually help them connect more with friends and family,” Mosseri said. The test began in October and took place in Bolivia, Cambodia, Guatemala, Serbia, Slovakia and Sri Lanka. It quickly reduced website traffic for smaller media outlets, some of which had built their audiences on Facebook clicks. The test revealed a contradiction in Facebook’s relationship with publishers, whom the social network has also courted as a source of free content, said Leonardo Rodríguez, director of digital development at Guatemala’s Prensa Libre group. “This seemed to me like an abusive practice and shows their control,” Rodríguez said. Mosseri said the company had also“received feedback that we made it harder for people in the test countries to access important information, and that we didn’t communicate the test clearly.” He said Facebook would, in response, revise how it tests product changes. “I hope Facebook will have more interest in what is happening inside its test countries,” Slovakian journalist Filip Struhárik, who had earlier criticized the test, said on Twitter on Thursday. Struhárik said news media websites are stronger now by not relying on Facebook for traffic, and he expects traffic from Facebook to fall further in the long term because of other changes to the News Feed that deemphasize media overall. Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg has unveiled other changes to the Facebook News Feed in the past two months to fight sensationalism and prioritize posts from friends and family. The world’s largest social network and its competitors are under pressure from users and government authorities to make their services less addictive and to stem the spread of false news stories and hoaxes. “Facebook will have to think about how not to erode freedom of expression, but rather to somehow set limits and protect democratic processes and people,” said Dina Fernández, editorial board president of the Guatemalan website Soy502. 
969324575552102400	2018-03-01 21:32:42	https://t.co/dOItWBreYA	U.S. approves possible sale of javelin missiles worth $47 million to Ukraine https://t.co/dOItWBreYA	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department has approved the possible sale of Javelin anti-tank missiles and launch units to Ukraine at an estimated cost of $47 million, the Pentagon said on Thursday. The United States said in December it would provide Ukraine with defensive weapons. Since Moscow’s annexation of Crimea in 2014, Ukraine and Russia have been at loggerheads over a war in eastern Ukraine between pro-Russian separatists and Ukrainian government forces that has killed more than 10,000 people in three years. Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said in December the weapons would be used to protect Ukrainian soldiers and civilians, but Russia said the U.S. decision would encourage those who support the conflict in Ukraine to use force. The Pentagon said in a statement on Thursday the proposed sale would not alter the military balance in the region. “The Javelin system will help Ukraine build its long-term defense capacity to defend its sovereignty and territorial integrity in order to meet its national defense requirements,” it said. Ukraine’s government has asked to buy 210 Javelin missiles and 37 Javelin Command Launch Units, the statement said. The prime contractor will be a joint venture of Raytheon Co and Lockheed Martin Corp, it added. 
969323969403908098	2018-03-01 21:30:18	https://t.co/Dlf22VkcaO	Nonprofits scramble to comply with new Google ad policy https://t.co/Dlf22VkcaO https://t.co/rmT9FEzGyz	 SAN FRANCISCO(Reuters) - Thousands of nonprofit organizations could lose a monthly advertising grant from Alphabet Inc’s Google as soon as Thursday, cutting off an important source of traffic to their websites. Google gives $10,000 in credits each to 35,000 nonprofits worldwide every month to buy ads on its search engine. But Google found that some ads received few clicks and announced in December that it would stop funding groups that generate clicks off less than 5 percent of their ads in two consecutive months. Grant recipients called it a wake up call to pay attention to Google after years of focusing on social media marketing. But despite rushing to comply, several said they could not do so in only two months and that their accounts may not get funded for March. “We’re very grateful for the program,” said Conrad Contreras, communications manager for Greenlining Institute, an Oakland, Calif. social justice organization afraid of losing the funds.“But five percent in two months, it’s just unrealistic.” Organizations can seek reinstatement after demonstrating changes. The 15-year-old AdWords Ad Grants program did not previously have a click threshold. Advertisers list search terms such as“donate clothing” for which they would like their ads to appear. Perfecting phrases is key to garnering clicks. Google said it increased training this year, and that the average click rate among nonprofits in February was about 6 percent. Rates can range from around 2 percent to 12 percent among other advertisers. “We revised our Ad Grants policies to help nonprofits be more effective with AdWords and improve the quality of their ads, which will lead to targeted awareness of their projects and mission,” a Google statement to Reuters said. Greenlining hired a consultant that helped boost its click rate to 3.5 percent in February from 1 percent in December by concentrating spending on better performing ads and simplifying language in ads. Contreras said the ads are valuable because they drive ten times as many website visitors from Google as Greenlining would otherwise get. At the American Forest Foundation in Washington, D.C., communications director Elizabeth Greener said she recently began scouring news articles and industry websites to find phrases policymakers and corporate executives are likely looking up. Other tweaks have included ensuring searches for Christmas tree farms do not show the foundation’s ads. Still, clicks doubled from January to just 4 percent in February. Susheila Juggapah, digital content manager at London charity networking organization CharityComms, eliminated immediate risk of suspension by reaching 7 percent in January with help from digital marketing agency Montfort. But Juggapah expressed concern about smaller organizations. “I hope Google understands the limitations most charities face and is kind to those who cannot hit the requirements in time,” she said. 
969323543421968384	2018-03-01 21:28:36	https://t.co/UIeHy3q68E	Eight Turkish soldiers killed, 13 wounded in clashes in Syria's Afrin https://t.co/UIeHy3q68E	 ANKARA (Reuters) - Eight Turkish soldiers were killed and another 13 were wounded in clashes in northwest Syria’s Afrin region on Thursday, Turkey’s armed forces said. The military said the wounded soldiers had been“swiftly evacuated” to receive treatment. No further details were immediately available. Turkey launched an offensive into Afrin in January against the U.S.-backed Kurdish YPG militia, which Ankara regards as a terrorist group linked to the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) which has waged a three-decade insurgency against the Turkish state. Since the start of the operation, Turkey has captured 115“strategic points” and 87 villages, according to state media, pushing Kurdish fighters back from the area near the Turkish border to effectively create a“crescent” of control on Syria’s side of the frontier. 
969320533442613254	2018-03-01 21:16:38	https://t.co/IvSPHEtrwc	Five Turkish soldiers killed, seven wounded in clashes in Syria's Afrin https://t.co/IvSPHEtrwc	 ANKARA (Reuters) - Eight Turkish soldiers were killed and another 13 were wounded in clashes in northwest Syria’s Afrin region on Thursday, Turkey’s armed forces said. The military said the wounded soldiers had been“swiftly evacuated” to receive treatment. No further details were immediately available. Turkey launched an offensive into Afrin in January against the U.S.-backed Kurdish YPG militia, which Ankara regards as a terrorist group linked to the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) which has waged a three-decade insurgency against the Turkish state. Since the start of the operation, Turkey has captured 115“strategic points” and 87 villages, according to state media, pushing Kurdish fighters back from the area near the Turkish border to effectively create a“crescent” of control on Syria’s side of the frontier. 
969317650592657408	2018-03-01 21:05:11	https://t.co/RNS1yQyOYQ	Tillerson to make first trip to Africa as top U.S. diplomat https://t.co/RNS1yQyOYQ	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will travel to Chad, Djibouti, Ethiopia, Kenya and Nigeria next week on his first trip to Africa as the top U.S. diplomat, the U.S. State Department said on Thursday. During his March 6-13 trip, Tillerson“plans to discuss ways we can work with our partners to counter terrorism, advance peace and security, promote good governance, and spur mutually beneficial trade and investment,” the department said in a statement. His itinerary includes a meeting with the leadership of the African Union Commission, which is based in Addis Ababa, the statement said. 
969313883809878016	2018-03-01 20:50:13	https://t.co/TDA41A88Bx	Slovak police detain seven people over journalist's murder https://t.co/TDA41A88Bx	 PRAGUE (Reuters) - Slovak police detained seven people on Thursday in a probe into the murder of an investigative journalist and his girlfriend, chief of police Tibor Gaspar said. The murder of Jan Kuciak, whose reporting focused primarily links between businessmen and top Slovak politicians, was the first of a journalist in the country. Kuciak and Martina Kusnirova, both 27, were found shot dead in their house north-east of Bratislava last weekend. The murder prompted demands from Prime Minister Robert Fico’s coalition partners for the resignation of senior officials, throwing the stability of his cabinet into doubt. Police raided seven locations in eastern Slovakia, Gaspar said on TA3 television. He identified the detainees by their first names and initials and some of these appeared to match names of Italian businesspeople who were the focus of Kuciak’s final report for news website aktuality.sk. “They have been detained with the prosecutor’s agreement as suspects,” Gaspar said. Gaspar said in an earlier televised appearance the raids were connected with Italian businessmen who Kuciak alleged in his last article had mafia links. The article was published posthumously. Gaspar said further proceedings with regard to those detained would be based on evaluation of information gathered. Gaspar said one of the detainees was Antonino V. One of the subjects of Kuciak’s final report was Antonino Vadala, a businessman who the Slovak registry shows briefly owned a firm with Maria Troskova, an aide to Prime Minister Robert Fico. Reuters was unable to locate Vadala or his legal representatives. Troskova and the secretary of the country’s Security Council, also mentioned in Kuciak’s reports, resigned on Wednesday pending results of the investigation. Kuciak’s report did not suggest any wrongdoing by either of the two Fico aides who resigned. In a statement, both denied any involvement in the journalist’s killing. The case has tapped into a wellspring of public anger over links between Slovak business and politics. Opposition parties held a protest rally over Kuciak’s killing in Bratislava on Wednesday afternoon and another protest is scheduled in several cities for Friday. Kuciak also investigated allegations of abuse of EU funds. The European Commission said on Thursday it had requested information from Slovak authorities. The case raised tension within the ruling three-party coalition. The junior Most-Hid party said international investigators should be invited to join local police to aid transparency, and also called on Interior Minister Robert Kalinak, a close ally of Fico, whose business acquaintances had been subjects of Kuciak’s earlier articles, to resign. Party chief Bela Bugar told reporters Most-Hid would leave matters with Fico’s Smer party, and base its next decision on how Smer responded. Bugar stopped short of threatening to leave the coalition, a step that could force the break-up of the cabinet. Fico also suffered a blow when, in a related development, Culture Minister Marek Madaric, a long-time senior member of Smer, quit on Wednesday. Kuciak’s murder was the first of a journalist in Slovakia and the fifth such case concerning a reporter or reporters in the European Union in the past decade, according to Reporters Without Borders (RSF). 
969311348126601218	2018-03-01 20:40:08	https://t.co/4bGusXTKMb	Canadian trade minister says any U.S. steel tariff 'unacceptable' https://t.co/4bGusXTKMb https://t.co/anfEqSVqtJ	 OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canada will retaliate against any U.S. tariffs on steel and aluminum products, officials said on Thursday, as Ottawa faced what could be one of the biggest economic threats since Donald Trump became president. Trump unveiled the tariffs on Thursday but did not make clear whether they would apply to Canada and Mexico, which together with the United States are trying to renegotiate the 24-year-old North American Free Trade Agreement. “Should restrictions be imposed on Canadian steel and aluminum products, Canada will take responsive measures to defend its trade interests and workers,” Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said in a statement, calling any trade restrictions“absolutely unacceptable.” She did not give details, and Canadian officials were not immediately available for comment on what measures she might have in mind. Canada sends 75 percent of its goods exports to the United States and would be vulnerable if a trade war erupted. Canada is also the largest supplier of both steel and aluminum to the United States. Miner Rio Tinto, the largest producer of aluminum in Canada, Alcoa Corp and the United Steelworkers union, which represents workers in both the United States and Canada, all said Canada should be spared from any tariffs. A Canadian government official, asked whether Ottawa would be pressing for an exemption, said“Our efforts have never diminished nor altered” since the question of possible steel tariffs first emerged last year. Canada buys more American steel than any other country, accounting for 50 percent of U.S. exports, and the steel and aluminum industry is highly integrated, Freeland said. Joseph Galimberti, president of the Canadian Steel Producers Association, said there was still room for Canada to be granted an exemption. “The government has been quite active ... in putting forward the case for our exemption and we expect them to continue to do so,” he said by phone. The Trump administration - which Freeland generally describes as the most protectionist since the 1930s - has sought to impose tariffs on Canadian softwood lumber and aircraft over the last year. Canada pushed back on both occasions and won a victory in January when a U.S. tribunal rejected Boeing Co’s calls for punitive duties against Bombardier Corp passenger jets. “We will always be there to defend workers and industry. We showed it on softwood lumber and showed it with the Boeing case,” Trade Minister Francois-Philippe Champagne told reporters in Ottawa. CIBC economists Royce Mendes and Avery Shenfeld said the tariffs“could be more biting for the Canadian economy than previous moves by the administration” and said the prospects for retaliation were limited. “In many cases, Canada doesn’t have a domestic source of supply that would benefit from hitting U.S. goods with a tariff,” they said in a note to clients. International trade lawyer Mark Warner said Canada could if it wished quickly apply tariffs on steel or aluminum or other targeted products. “My hope is that the government does not respond precipitously in tone or action and continues to work for an exemption,” he said by e-mail. Milos Barutciski, head of the international trade practice at law firm Bennett Jones, said Canada could also impose sanctions by applying for permission through the World Trade Organization - a process that can take 18 months. 
969308861491564545	2018-03-01 20:30:16	https://t.co/2hOrr7kmSr	P&amp;G says cut digital ad spend by $200 million in 2017 https://t.co/2hOrr7kmSr https://t.co/wqe4wcu4CC	 (Reuters) - Procter & Gamble Co (PG.N) said on Thursday it cut digital advertising spend by $200 million last year based on viewership data provided by tech and media companies that showed its ads were not reaching its target audience effectively. P&G, the world’s biggest advertiser, has been at the forefront of a campaign to pressure digital media companies to be transparent with their viewership metrics by telling them how many people see their ads and how ad agencies spend advertising dollars. These efforts have led tech companies such as Facebook (FB.O) and Alphabet Inc’s (GOOGL.O) YouTube to rework algorithms to check content quality, empower marketers with more control on their ads and protect them from being associated with unrelated or inappropriate content. “Transparency shined a spotlight on reality and we learned valuable lessons which are driving profound change,” Marc Pritchard, P&G’s chief brand officer said at the Association of National Advertisers’ media conference in Orlando, Florida on Thursday. “With transparent viewability data, we learned that the average view time for an ad on a mobile newsfeed is 1.7 seconds – little more than a glance – pushing us to innovate.” Pritchard said fresh data on ad consumption encouraged P&G to reduce digital spending to several big media companies by 20 percent to 50 percent last year. The consumer goods conglomerate said it cut digital spending by more $100 million between April and June of 2017 and continued with the cuts at the same rate for the rest of the year. P&G, however, has not cut overall media spending. Funds have been reinvested to increase media reach, including in areas such as TV, audio and ecommerce media, a company spokeswoman told Reuters. P&G’s advertising costs, which includes spends on worldwide television, print, radio, internet and in-store advertising, were $7.1 billion in 2017, down from $7.2 billion in 2016. Its digital spending amounts to a third of the total spend. 
969301316139929603	2018-03-01 20:00:17	https://t.co/vV2Y52XgBC	Zuckerberg sold nearly $500 million Facebook stock in February https://t.co/vV2Y52XgBC https://t.co/up6jYt5ea7	 (Reuters) - Facebook Inc (FB.O) Chief Executive Officer Mark Zuckerberg sold nearly $500 million in the company’s shares in February to fund his philanthropic investment vehicle, the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative (CZI), regulatory filings showed. The move is not a surprise, being part of Zuckerberg’s plan to expedite stock sales to fund the initiative he set up in December 2015 with his wife Priscilla Chan. Two security filings on Thursday showed that Zuckerberg sold 685,000 shares worth $125.4 million in the last three days of February, taking his total sales in the month to about 2.7 million shares worth $482.2 million, according to Reuters calculations. (bit.ly/2oyrDTM) “These sales are the next step in a process Mark laid out in September to fund the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative’s work in science, education and issues related to justice and opportunity. The funds will go to support a range of CZI’s philanthropic activities and operations for many years to come,” a CZI spokesperson told Reuters. Zuckerberg said in September he would sell 35 million to 75 million shares of Facebook over the next 18 months. That would amount to up to $13 billion, based on Facebook's current share price. (bit.ly/2F2qiyT) The Silicon Valley billionaire has said he will donate 99 percent of his Facebook shares to CZI - worth about $45 billion when the initiative was formed. He sold about $1.6 billion of the company’s stock in 2016 and 2017, according to technology website Recode. Zuckerberg’s foundation is similar to those set up by Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O) founder Bill Gates and his wife Melinda Gates, and the Buffett Foundation, formed by billionaire Warren Buffett. 
969297986370129920	2018-03-01 19:47:03	https://t.co/ZeMQj4fSNF	EU piles pressure on internet giants to remove extremist content https://t.co/ZeMQj4fSNF https://t.co/VahUx72bMJ	 BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Google, YouTube, Facebook, Twitter and other internet companies must show the European Union within three months that they are removing extremist content more rapidly or face legislation forcing them to do so. Several governments have increased pressure on social media companies to do more to remove illegal content — from material related to groups such as Islamic state and incitement to commit atrocities — and the sector has increased efforts to demonstrate its progress. But in its strongest call yet to the technology sector the European Commission on Thursday recommended measures that internet platforms should take to stop the proliferation of extremist content, including the removal of such material within an hour of being notified of its existence. European governments have said that extremist content on the web has influenced lone-wolf attackers who have killed people in several European cities after being radicalized. “While several platforms have been removing more illegal content than ever before ... we still need to react faster against terrorist propaganda and other illegal content which is a serious threat to our citizens’ security, safety and fundamental rights,” Digital Commissioner Andrus Ansip said in Thursday’s statement. European online trade association EDiMA, whose members include Google, Facebook and Twitter, said it was dismayed the Commission had not first chosen to engage in dialogue. A one-hour turn-around time might also not be workable, it said. The recommendation, which is non-binding but could be taken into account by European courts, sets guidelines on how companies should remove illegal content generally — from copyright infringements to hate speech — and advises a quicker reaction to extremist material. The Commission said it would assess the need for legislation within three months for what it described as“terrorist content”, given the urgency of the issue. For all other types of illegal content it will assess progress made within six months. It also called on the technology sector, which is dominated by U.S. companies, to adopt proactive measures such as automated detection to rid their platforms of illegal content. Campaign group the Counter Extremism Project said the Commission’s proposal was welcome but did not tackle two issues - how to make automated technology widely available and how to stop extremists uploading again content that had been removed. European Digital Rights, a civil rights group, described the Commission’s approach as putting internet giants in charge of censoring Europe. Only legislation would ensure democratic scrutiny and judicial review. Luxury groups, meanwhile, welcomed the Commission’s move saying action by online platforms is also necessary to fight the sale of counterfeit goods online. “Proactive measures coupled with good consumer information is the only way to effectively deal with illegal content online,” said Toni Belloni, group managing director of LVMH. 
969406372491284480	2018-03-02 02:57:44	https://t.co/5r7ia2jypU	China media says U.S. Taiwan bill runs risk of war https://t.co/5r7ia2jypU	 BEIJING/TAIPEI (Reuters) - Chinese state media warned on Friday that the country could go to war over Taiwan if the United States passes into law a bill promoting closer U.S. ties with the self-ruled island that China claims as its own. The legislation, which only needs President Donald Trump’s signature to become law, says it should be U.S. policy to allow officials at all levels to travel to Taiwan to meet their Taiwanese counterparts, permit high-level Taiwanese officials to enter the United States“under respectful conditions” and meet with U.S. officials. Beijing considers democratic Taiwan to be a wayward province and integral part of“one China”, ineligible for state-to-state relations, and has never renounced the use of force to bring the island under its control. In a strongly-worded editorial, the official China Daily said if the bill becomes law it will only encourage Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen to further assert the island’s sovereignty. “Which, if she persisted, would lead to the inevitable consequence of triggering the Anti-Secession Law that allows Beijing to use force to prevent the island from seceding,” the paper said, referring to a Chinese law passed in 2005. “Since the U.S. is bound by domestic law to act on behalf of the island in that instance, it would only give substance to the observation that the descent into hell is easy.” China’s hostility towards Taiwan has risen since the election to president of Tsai from the pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party in 2016. China suspects Tsai wants to push for formal independence, crossing a red line for Communist Party leaders in Beijing, though Taiwan’s leader has said she wants to maintain the status quo and is committed to ensuring peace. Taiwan has welcomed the U.S. legislation. Speaking to reporters in Taipei on Friday, Premier William Lai said the United States was a“solid ally” of Taiwan’s and expressed his deep thanks for the legislation. “We wholeheartedly anticipate that this law can in the future further raise the substantive relationship between Taiwan and the United States,” Lai said. In a second editorial, the widely-read state-run Global Times tabloid said China could“make targeted measures against pro-independence forces in Taiwan”. “Militarily, the strength of the People’s Liberation Army has fundamentally changed the military and political situation across the Straits,” it said, talking about the narrow waterway that separates Taiwan from its giant neighbor. “Thanks to its rapid growth, the Chinese mainland is now granted unparalleled strategic initiative across the Taiwan Straits.” China has dramatically upped its military presence around Taiwan. China’s air force has carried out 16 rounds of exercises close to Taiwan in the last year or so, said Taiwan’s defense ministry in late December, warning that China’s military threat was growing by the day. The United States has no formal ties with Taiwan but is bound by law to help it defend itself and is the island’s main source of arms. China regularly says Taiwan is the most sensitive issue in its ties with Washington. 
969296836807872512	2018-03-01 19:42:29	https://t.co/WWd1svdM56	Street artist in Yemen remembers casualties of war https://t.co/WWd1svdM56	 SANAA (Reuters) - Yemeni street artist Haifa Subay is painting murals to help ensure that victims of Yemen’s grueling three-year civil war are not forgotten. Her latest mural, portraying a one-legged casualty of a landmine, is one of many Subay has done in the capital Sanaa during the war, which has killed thousands, driven many more from their homes and wrecked the Arab country’s economy. “This drawing is called‘Just a leg’ and it’s part of the campaign called‘Silent Victims’,” she told Reuters. “This is the sixth artwork of this mural campaign. The murals portray war victims in general, especially the victims of landmines, which are being planted everywhere in Yemen.” Subay has already painted murals to highlight people who have disappeared, the shortages of water, destruction of schools, displacement and the exploitation of schools for military purposes. Subay said the mural campaign was aimed at stopping the war between the internationally recognized government, which is backed by a Saudi-led military coalition, and the Iran-aligned Houthi movement, which controls the capital. “My message is one of peace. Women and children are the most affected by this war and no one cares about them. War is pointless, it has targeted everything in Yemen; there’s nothing left,” she added. 
969296235558563841	2018-03-01 19:40:05	https://t.co/KWcHGGUxE9	Trump says U.S. to impose tariffs on steel, aluminum imports https://t.co/KWcHGGUxE9 https://t.co/aBfBsBdF0K	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday the United States would impose tariffs of 25 percent on steel imports and 10 percent on imported aluminum next week. At a meeting with U.S. industry officials at the White House, Trump vowed to rebuild American steel and aluminum industries, saying they had been treaded unfairly by other countries for decades. The move is likely to increase tensions with China, whose top trade official Lui He is in Washington for trade talks. An early morning tweet from Trump that said the steel and aluminum sectors needed protecting from unfair trade drove shares in domestic industries sharply higher. AK Steel Holding (AKS.N) was up 2.8 percent, U.S. Steel Corp (X.N) was up 2.3 percent and Nucor (NUE.N) rose 1 percent. By contrast, industrial stocks such as Boeing fell, with traders citing tariffs, which would hit manufacturers. The administration says duties would protect U.S. industry, but critics say they would raise costs for industry and fail to deliver on a campaign pledge to boost domestic jobs. Trump tweeted on Thursday that American steel and aluminum companies needed“free, fair and smart trade”. Trump has indicated he favors a duty of 24 percent on steel imports. The administration has also cited national security interests for its action, saying the United States needs domestic supply for its tanks and warships. The Department of Defense has recommended targeted steel tariffs and a delay in aluminum duties. Although China only accounts for two percent of U.S. steel imports, its massive industry expansion has helped produce a global glut of steel that has driven down prices. China has indicated it could retaliate against U.S. steel tariffs by targeting imports of U.S. agricultural commodities, such as soybeans of which America is the largest supplier. Trade tensions between the United States and China have risen since Trump took office in 2017 and the administration is also pushing on what it regards as forced technology transfers to China. Shares of Asian steel producers such as South Korea’s POSCO (005490.KS) and Nippon Steel (5401.T) fell overnight. While American steelmakers have lost three quarters of their jobs between 1962 and 2005, a major study by the American Economic Association showed that much of this had been due to improved production technology as output per worker rose fivefold. “Thus, even if trade protection leads to increased domestic production, increases in employment may be far less than many hope,” a report from the highly-regarded independent Econofact economist network said last week. Consumers of steel and aluminum have lobbied hard against the tariffs. Econofact said in its report that two million jobs were in industries that use steel“intensively”, including auto parts, household appliances, farm machinery and oil equipment. Jobs in the consuming industries are concentrated in California, Texas, the Northeastern and Midwestern states that comprise the rust belt and states in the Southeast. “Across many states, the number of jobs adversely affected in these steel-using industries could far exceed any steel jobs saved,” Econofact warned. “Past experience also shows that unilateral action like Section 232 tariffs will invite retaliation — the Bush-era steel tariffs led many countries to target politically sensitive U.S. exports like Florida oranges and North Carolina textiles.” 
969295728911835136	2018-03-01 19:38:05	https://t.co/2iohX3WG5S	How Geely's Li Shufu spent months stealthily building a $9 billion stake in Daimler https://t.co/2iohX3WG5S https://t.co/aPoBXLlQZ5	 SHANGHAI/BEIJING (Reuters) - When Daimler announced that Li Shufu had acquired almost 10 percent of the automaker last Friday, it caught financial markets - and German regulators - by surprise. Although the move seemed sudden, the head of the Chinese carmaker Geely had, according to multiple sources and documents reviewed by Reuters, spent months stealthily laying groundwork for the stake. Two sources in Geely and one source close to the company said a senior executive there, Li Yifan, had for more than a year led a small team tasked with acquiring shares in Daimler. By using Hong Kong shell companies, derivatives, bank financing and carefully structured share options, Li Shufu kept the plan under wraps until he could, at a stroke, become Daimler’s single largest shareholder. The result was a $9 billion investment that skirted disclosure rules requiring investors to notify German authorities if their share of voting rights in a company passed 3 percent, and then 5 percent. Because of the way the stake was built, there is no indication that Geely breached those rules. “The fact that Li would invest did not come as a surprise,” said a senior Daimler executive, who did not want to be named because he was not authorized to speak to the media.“But how he went about it certainly was.” The shell company used to amass the stake, Tenaciou3 Prospect Investment Ltd, was incorporated on Oct. 27 in Hong Kong. The company had just one ordinary share, worth HK$1 (12.8 U.S. cents), according to documents filed to the Hong Kong Companies Registry. It also has a single director: Li Yifan. Reuters reported in November that Daimler rejected a proposal by Geely to acquire a stake or reach a technology-sharing deal. The next month, Tenaciou3 signed agreements, subsequently filed with Hong Kong’s companies registry, with Morgan Stanley and Bank of America Merrill Lynch that would help the Chinese company build its stake in a less-direct way. Last week, Daimler AG (DAIGn.DE) named Tenaciou3 in a regulatory filing as the entity controlling Li Shufu’s 9.69 percent stake. A person with knowledge of the deal said Morgan Stanley had worked on the structure of the investments, helped Li build up his position in the secondary market and provided financing. The person asked not to be named because he was not authorized to speak to the media. Geely also hired two former Morgan Stanley executives, Dirk Notheis in Germany, and Bao Yi, who worked in China, to help the banks devise tactics that would avoid immediately triggering disclosure requirements in Germany, according to sources familiar with the matter. Tenaciou3 purchased some shares on its own, but not enough to require disclosure. The banks then acquired additional shares in two ways without Geely having an entitlement to the shares and therefore no requirement to disclose the holding, according to two people familiar with the matter. Some were purchased directly, and the risk was offset by an“equity collar” structure to protect the investment from losses. That involved selling options for the right to buy shares above the then-prevailing price while buying options to gain the right to sell the shares below the price. The banks also gained the right to acquire some shares by buying derivatives, the sources said. Only when the shares were sold to Tenaciou3 did the stake need to be disclosed. Li Yifan did not respond to requests for comment. Morgan Stanley and Bank of America declined to comment. Daimler also declined to comment. Li Shufu was not immediately available for comment. German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Tuesday there were no obvious violations linked to the acquisition, although the country’s financial regulator, BaFin, is investigating whether disclosure rules were broken. In a report to Germany’s parliament, seen by Reuters, the country’s Economy Ministry said it would consider tightening disclosure regulations in light of the Chinese stake in Daimler. The structure of the deal makes it difficult to determine the source of the money behind it. On paper, Tenaciou3 is owned by another Hong Kong-registered company, Fujikiro Ltd, which lists a third company, Miroku Ltd, as a director. The other directors of both these companies are all senior partners at global law firm King & Wood Mallesons, according to official records. Li Shufu is not named in any of the documents seen by Reuters, but he has openly said he is the owner of the stake held by Tenaciou3. The practice of using shell companies as investment vehicles and lawyers to act as directors on behalf of wealthy investors is fairly common. King & Wood Mallesons declined to comment. Geely officials familiar with the transaction said the shell company was set up in part to make the deal an“offshore” acquisition and avoid the heightened recent scrutiny from Beijing on deals in which funds are moved out of mainland China. The company has said that all the funds for the deal were raised outside China, although industry consultants said the use of the Hong Kong entity made that hard to verify. A separate shell company, Tenaciou3 Investment Holdings Ltd, directly controlled by Geely, borrowed 1.67 billion euros ($2.04 billion) from the Hong Kong branch of Chinese bank Industrial Bank Co Ltd (601166.SS), according to an agreement dated Dec. 5 and filed in Hong Kong. A Daimler filing shows Tenaciou3 Investment Holdings, whose director was listed as Li Yifan, as the controlling entity behind Tenaciou3 Prospect. Tenaciou3 Investment Holdings used its share capital in Tenaciou3 Prospect Investment as collateral for the loan. The agreement with Industrial Bank did not say what the funds would be used for. Industrial Bank, which is headquartered in China’s southeastern city of Fuzhou, did not immediately respond to a request seeking comment. Angela Stanzel, Berlin-based senior policy fellow focused on Asia at the European Council on Foreign Relations, said the main concern in Germany was the lack of transparency. “The issue is, where does the money come from and how did this bid actually happen?” she told Reuters. 
969293821069725697	2018-03-01 19:30:30	https://t.co/yAAhWl5bgP	France's Macron shrugs off fall in popularity among pensioners https://t.co/yAAhWl5bgP	 CHALONS-EN-CHAMPAGNE, France (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron downplayed on Thursday his recent collapse in popularity among older voters, who have suffered the brunt of tax changes meant to favor those in work and revive the economy. The 40-year old president, who swept to power last May, decided to cut workers’ payroll charges and offset some of the cost by raising a tax payed on all income, including pensions. That means most French workers saw a small increase in their net salary on they January payslip, while a majority of pensioners have instead noticed a drop in their monthly pension payment. “I know I’m asking for an effort from the oldest, that sometimes some of them grumble,” Macron told reporters after a pensioner complained to him on the sidelines of a visit to a military site in the east. “It doesn’t make me popular but I won’t apologise for it,” he said. Macron’s popularity rating has started falling again since the start of the year, after a brief recovery at the end of last year. According to an Odoxa poll published on Feb. 27, his popularity dropped by 6 points to 43 percent in February, its lowest level since the election. The drop was most pronounced amongst pensioners, with a 9 point drop. “It really doesn’t matter to me,” Macron said.“I don’t comment on the ups and downs. There are people who have obsessed over that all their life, nothing is left of them. What counts is the work you do for the country.” 
969293754543824896	2018-03-01 19:30:14	https://t.co/EWRigAcS7A	Equifax discovers another 2.4 million customers hit by data breach https://t.co/EWRigAcS7A https://t.co/8Tp1vm3NJg	 (Reuters) - Equifax Inc (EFX.N) on Thursday reported quarterly results ahead of Wall Street forecasts, even as the consumer credit agency posted $26.5 million in costs related to last year’s massive data breach. The company posted quarterly per-share profit of $1.39, beating the average analyst forecast of $1.35, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Revenue rose 5 percent from a year earlier to $838.5 million, beating the average forecast of $825.7 million. Equifax disclosed earlier on Thursday that it had discovered an additional 2.4 million U.S. consumers were affected by the cyber attack, bringing the total number of people whose data was compromised to more than 147 million. Executives are scheduled to discuss the results and investigation into the data breach during a conference call with analysts early on Friday. The newly identified victims had their names and partial driver’s license information stolen, though hackers did not obtain their Social Security numbers, Equifax said in a statement. The company said it has so far recorded breach-related expenses of $114 million, net of insurance recoveries. The cyber attack, which was first disclosed in September, has triggered investigations by governments around the world, lawsuits and the departure of several Equifax executives.. Thursday’s disclosure of additional victims drew criticism from some politicians and consumer advocates. The U.S. Senate’s Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation plans to obtain more information on the newly identified victims, said the group’s chairman, Republican John Thune. “The company should have acted sooner to mitigate the impact on these additional affected consumers,” Thune said in a statement.“Equifax needs to put consumers first and shouldn’t be trying to clean up its mess in a piecemeal fashion.” Equifax said it would contact the newly identified breach victims and offer them free identity theft protection and credit monitoring services. The company’s shares fell 1.3 percent at $111.50 in New York Stock Exchange trade that closed before the results were released. That was in line with a decline in U.S. stocks. 
969290471364354048	2018-03-01 19:17:11	https://t.co/1CQO5bHaSY	Trump says U.S. to impose tariffs on steel, aluminum imports https://t.co/1CQO5bHaSY https://t.co/w1qJscAra7	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday the United States would impose tariffs of 25 percent on steel imports and 10 percent on imported aluminum next week. At a meeting with U.S. industry officials at the White House, Trump vowed to rebuild American steel and aluminum industries, saying they had been treaded unfairly by other countries for decades. The move is likely to increase tensions with China, whose top trade official Lui He is in Washington for trade talks. An early morning tweet from Trump that said the steel and aluminum sectors needed protecting from unfair trade drove shares in domestic industries sharply higher. AK Steel Holding (AKS.N) was up 2.8 percent, U.S. Steel Corp (X.N) was up 2.3 percent and Nucor (NUE.N) rose 1 percent. By contrast, industrial stocks such as Boeing fell, with traders citing tariffs, which would hit manufacturers. The administration says duties would protect U.S. industry, but critics say they would raise costs for industry and fail to deliver on a campaign pledge to boost domestic jobs. Trump tweeted on Thursday that American steel and aluminum companies needed“free, fair and smart trade”. Trump has indicated he favors a duty of 24 percent on steel imports. The administration has also cited national security interests for its action, saying the United States needs domestic supply for its tanks and warships. The Department of Defense has recommended targeted steel tariffs and a delay in aluminum duties. Although China only accounts for two percent of U.S. steel imports, its massive industry expansion has helped produce a global glut of steel that has driven down prices. China has indicated it could retaliate against U.S. steel tariffs by targeting imports of U.S. agricultural commodities, such as soybeans of which America is the largest supplier. Trade tensions between the United States and China have risen since Trump took office in 2017 and the administration is also pushing on what it regards as forced technology transfers to China. Shares of Asian steel producers such as South Korea’s POSCO (005490.KS) and Nippon Steel (5401.T) fell overnight. While American steelmakers have lost three quarters of their jobs between 1962 and 2005, a major study by the American Economic Association showed that much of this had been due to improved production technology as output per worker rose fivefold. “Thus, even if trade protection leads to increased domestic production, increases in employment may be far less than many hope,” a report from the highly-regarded independent Econofact economist network said last week. Consumers of steel and aluminum have lobbied hard against the tariffs. Econofact said in its report that two million jobs were in industries that use steel“intensively”, including auto parts, household appliances, farm machinery and oil equipment. Jobs in the consuming industries are concentrated in California, Texas, the Northeastern and Midwestern states that comprise the rust belt and states in the Southeast. “Across many states, the number of jobs adversely affected in these steel-using industries could far exceed any steel jobs saved,” Econofact warned. “Past experience also shows that unilateral action like Section 232 tariffs will invite retaliation — the Bush-era steel tariffs led many countries to target politically sensitive U.S. exports like Florida oranges and North Carolina textiles.” 
969288937851228163	2018-03-01 19:11:05	https://t.co/1GgLdLecAe	Zuckerberg sold nearly $500 million Facebook stock in February https://t.co/1GgLdLecAe https://t.co/WMcFB6vDAk	 (Reuters) - Facebook Inc (FB.O) Chief Executive Officer Mark Zuckerberg sold nearly $500 million in the company’s shares in February to fund his philanthropic investment vehicle, the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative (CZI), regulatory filings showed. The move is not a surprise, being part of Zuckerberg’s plan to expedite stock sales to fund the initiative he set up in December 2015 with his wife Priscilla Chan. Two security filings on Thursday showed that Zuckerberg sold 685,000 shares worth $125.4 million in the last three days of February, taking his total sales in the month to about 2.7 million shares worth $482.2 million, according to Reuters calculations. (bit.ly/2oyrDTM) “These sales are the next step in a process Mark laid out in September to fund the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative’s work in science, education and issues related to justice and opportunity. The funds will go to support a range of CZI’s philanthropic activities and operations for many years to come,” a CZI spokesperson told Reuters. Zuckerberg said in September he would sell 35 million to 75 million shares of Facebook over the next 18 months. That would amount to up to $13 billion, based on Facebook's current share price. (bit.ly/2F2qiyT) The Silicon Valley billionaire has said he will donate 99 percent of his Facebook shares to CZI - worth about $45 billion when the initiative was formed. He sold about $1.6 billion of the company’s stock in 2016 and 2017, according to technology website Recode. Zuckerberg’s foundation is similar to those set up by Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O) founder Bill Gates and his wife Melinda Gates, and the Buffett Foundation, formed by billionaire Warren Buffett. 
969288900870115331	2018-03-01 19:10:57	https://t.co/Z9FXs50ekG	Trump nominee: Russia, China don't expect 'much' U.S. response to cyber attacks https://t.co/Z9FXs50ekG	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Lieutenant General Paul Nakasone, President Donald Trump’s nominee to lead the U.S. Cyber Command, said on Thursday he did not think Russia, China and other countries expected much of a response from the United States to cyber attacks. “They don’t think much will happen,” Nakasone said when questioned by Republican Senator Dan Sullivan at his confirmation hearing to be director of the National Security Agency and commander of the military’s U.S. Cyber Command. “We seem to be the cyber punching bag of the world,” Sullivan said during the Senate Armed Services Committee hearing. Nakasone’s hearing came two days after his retiring predecessor, Admiral Mike Rogers, told the same panel that Trump had not granted him the authority to disrupt Russian election-hacking operations. Nakasone, who served as chief of the U.S. Army’s Cyber Command since late 2016, said responsibility for developing a“whole of government” response to cyber attacks lay with the Trump administration, although he would present the Republican president with options. U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that Russia interfered in the 2016 presidential campaign using hacking and propaganda, an effort that eventually included attempting to tilt the election in Trump’s favor. Russia denies interfering. U.S. intelligence leaders more recently have warned that Moscow is trying to disrupt this year’s midterm elections, with Trump’s fellow Republicans seeking to retain control of Congress. When questioned by another Republican, Senator Ben Sasse, Nakasone said he did not think countries behind cyber attacks had seen enough of a U.S. response to deter them. “Our adversaries have not seen our response in sufficient detail to change their behavior,” Nakasone said. Nakasone also said he had not come to an opinion on whether the NSA and Cyber Command should be separated. They have been combined since the cyber operation was created in 2009, but there has been debate recently over whether they would be more effective as separate entities. Opponents of the idea said it is essential that they work closely together against a growing threat. Nakasone, who is expected to win confirmation in the Senate, said he would make a recommendation to Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis and Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats on that issue within 90 days of assuming the position. Nakasone, 54, previously served as deputy commanding general of U.S. Cyber Command as well as a staff officer for General Keith Alexander, the first head of Cyber Command and the head of the NSA from 2005 to 2014. 
969287928533995520	2018-03-01 19:07:05	https://t.co/BeHZeYYt6T	Insurer Chubb refuses to pay for Harvey Weinstein's legal defense https://t.co/BeHZeYYt6T https://t.co/z1EDFGMwkD	 (Reuters) - Insurer Chubb Ltd is refusing to pay for Harvey Weinstein’s legal defense against 11 lawsuits that accuse the movie producer of sexually harassing or assaulting women over the past three decades, according to a court document filed on Wednesday. Units of the insurer have together issued 80 policies to Weinstein and his family between 1994 and 2018, including coverage for personal liability, according to Chubb. That would normally cover legal costs to defend against claims of damage or injury caused accidentally, but the insurer said Weinstein’s conduct was intentional. The co-founder of the Miramax studio and The Weinstein Company was one of Hollywood’s most influential men before more than 70 women accused him of sexual misconduct, including assault. He denies having non-consensual sex with anyone. He faces many legal cases, including one brought by New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman accusing him of civil and human rights violations. Chubb Indemnity Insurance Co and several other Chubb units asked New York State Supreme Court to issue a judgment declaring that the policies’ terms exclude defending charges in the lawsuits, specifically sexual assault, discrimination and intentional acts. A representative and lawyer for Weinstein did not immediately respond to requests for comment. 
969286217228541954	2018-03-01 19:00:17	https://t.co/ULAJA8w3gf	F1 launches new TV streaming product that lets users watch from a driver’s perspective https://t.co/ULAJA8w3gf More… https://t.co/W93dl9zC3U	 BARCELONA (Reuters) - Formula 1 is launching a new TV streaming product that it says will put fans in control of their race viewing experience, letting them watch from their favorite driver’s perspective or tracking battles for position. F1 TV, launched on Tuesday at the Mobile World Congress, will give access to cameras mounted on the cars of 20 drivers as well as the traditional broadcast feed, with viewers able to split the screens of their mobile device or smart TV. “You can go head-to-head with Daniel Ricciardo and Sebastian Vettel as they battle for second place - and actually go side-by-side and look at the view from each of their cars,” Frank Arthofer, Formula 1’s head of digital, told Reuters. Formula 1, controlled by Liberty Media, will offer the service live in countries including Mexico, France, Germany, the United States, Turkey, Belgium, Hungary and Austria - starting with the opening grand prix next month in Melbourne. Of Formula 1’s roughly 500 million followers, Arthofer reckons that up to 1 million hardcore fans could be persuaded to sign up for F1 TV Pro, which is being offered as a subscription service. It also will offer, a less expensive, recorded version is called F1 TV Access. Monthly charges for the premium version will be in a range from $8-$12, with an annual deal around $100, with prices varying by market. That puts potential revenues for F1 TV in the order of $100 million on a five-year timeframe, Arthofer said. 
969285328308760576	2018-03-01 18:56:45	https://t.co/xfilgZ4pWe	Britain seeks U.S. promise not to seek death penalty if extremists are extradited https://t.co/xfilgZ4pWe	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The British government is asking U.S. authorities to promise they will not seek the death penalty if two Islamic State militants detained in Syria are extradited to the United States, according to European government sources. The British also want the U.S. to guarantee that if the two men, members of a group of British Islamic State recruits, are extradited, they will not be sent to the military prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Instead, British officials are seeking assurances that they will be tried in civilian courts, the sources said, speaking on the condition of anonymity. The British government’s position was first reported by the New York Times. The two, Alexanda Kotey and El Shafee Elsheikh, nicknamed“The Beatles” for their hairstyles, were captured by a Kurdish militia unit in Syria that is still holding them. They and other British extremists, including a former Londoner known as Jihadi John, belonged to a team that executed Americans taken hostage by the group. Jihadi John, whose real name was Mohammed Emwazi, was killed by a U.S. drone strike in November 2015. British officials have said the UK does not want the men repatriated to the United Kingdom, which withdrew their British citizenship. One of the sources said Britain opposes the death penalty, but added that where there is evidence they have committed a crime,“Foreign fighters should be brought to justice regardless of their nationality. The appropriate process will be dependent on the individual circumstances.” The other source said Britain will“always press the U.S. not to apply the death penalty on security cases where we collaborate.” The U.S. Justice Department had no comment. Legal experts said that in the past, the U.S. has offered foreign governments the kind of assurances Britain is seeking. Joshua Dratel, a New York lawyer who has defended alleged extremists in U.S. courts, said,“It is ordinarily a condition of extradition: no death penalty, no Guantanamo.” “Without assurances that the U.S. won’t cause our allies to violate their human rights obligations, cooperation would, and indeed should, dry up,” said Hina Shamsi of the American Civil Liberties Union. 
969284110849134593	2018-03-01 18:51:55	https://t.co/j2o9xTTmAz	Another mass abduction blights Nigerian leader's security record https://t.co/j2o9xTTmAz	 LAGOS (Reuters) - When Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari took office three years ago, eradicating the“mindless, godless” militants of Boko Haram and rescuing the hundreds of women and children they held captive was one of the main pledges in his inaugural address. Another mass abduction of schoolgirls in the dusty and remote northeast has exposed how little progress has been made. It also shows that security is a major weakness for the former military ruler with less than a year to go before elections which he is widely expected to contest. The kidnap of the 110 girls, mostly aged 11-19, in the town of Dapchi almost two weeks ago bears uncomfortable similarities to Boko Haram’s 2014 abduction of more than 270 schoolgirls from Chibok, less than 300 km (180 miles) away. That case drew global attention to the jihadist group, which has sought to create an Islamic caliphate in Nigeria’s northeast. Then-President Goodluck Jonathan’s listless response helped Buhari to win the presidency a year later with vows to eliminate the militants. “The Chibok girls’ kidnapping came to symbolize all that was wrong with Goodluck Jonathan’s administration, and the danger Buhari faces is that this mass abduction could do the same to him,” said Antony Goldman, of Nigeria-focused PM Consulting. Buhari has declared the Dapchi abduction a“national disaster”. He sent troops to help with the search, and the head of the air force has temporarily relocated to the region and directed more than 100 reconnaissance sorties. [nL8N1QD598] A series of administrative missteps has exposed what critics say is a lack of co-ordination between Nigeria’s various security agencies and state governments, however, and there are no signs authorities are making progress in finding the girls. Dapchi residents celebrated in the streets after the state governor said the military had rescued almost all of the girls three days after they were taken. A day later, his spokesman was forced to rescind the statement and apologize. The army and police have also traded blame over the security arrangements in place when the attack happened, prompting questions about their ability to fight an insurgency which Buhari had repeatedly said was defeated. “The (federal government) should stop lying concerning the fight against Boko Haram,” said Peter Fayose, a member of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and governor of the southern state of Ekiti. “It has now become the tradition that whenever the government boasts of defeating the insurgents, greater havoc is wrecked on the country,” he wrote on Twitter. Buhari, 75, has not yet said whether he will seek a second term in the Feb. 16, 2019, vote. Senior members of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) have said they would support his re-election. [nL8N1QI3DL] [nL4N1OY3EN] But three APC sources told Reuters some in the party were concerned that if the Dapchi girls are not found quickly, the kidnappings could be used to undermine Buhari, just as his supporters used the Chibok attack to mobilize against Jonathan. A spokesman for Buhari declined to comment on whether he would seek re-election next year or heed opposition calls for him to visit Dapchi. Buhari, a Muslim, is from the state of Katsina directly north of the capital, Abuja, and the north formed the core of his support in the 2015 election. Of 491,767 votes cast in nearby Yobe state in the northeast, where Dapchi is located, 446,265 went to Buhari. His support there appears to be holding up for now. “Nothing has changed my mind about supporting Buhari because I have faith in him that he’s working tirelessly to see the situation is under control,” said Kachallah Gumbam, a data processing officer who lives in the town. A rise in abductions and suicide attacks in one of Nigeria’s poorest regions risks changing that picture if it is not brought under control, according to Malte Liewerscheidt at risk consultancy Teneo Intelligence. “The ongoing Boko Haram crisis has the potential to alienate the president’s core constituency in the northeast, as putting an end to the conflict was one of Buhari’s main campaign pledges in 2015,” he wrote in a research note. The northeastern insurgency is just one of a series of security challenges which have plagued Buhari’s administration. Militant attacks in the Niger Delta oil hub helped push Africa’s biggest economy into recession under Buhari, although they have largely died down for now. But the Dapchi kidnappings came hot on the heels of resurgent communal violence in central states known as the“Middle Belt” between semi-nomadic herdsmen and farmers. Those clashes have killed more than 100 people this year. Buhari’s opponents say he has failed to crack down on the herdsmen because they are from his Fulani ethnic group, an accusation which the presidency has strongly denied. He has deployed troops to the region. [nL8N1PX6DY] [nL8N1PY87W] Should Buhari decide to run for re-election, any drop in support in his northern bastions combined with a weaker showing in the Middle Belt, where presidential races have traditionally been tighter, could prove to be damaging. “The escalating herder-settler conflict in about a dozen states across the so-called Middle Belt has the potential to affect the vote in crucial‘swing states’,” said Liewerscheidt. For Bukky Shonibare, an activist with the“Bring Back Our Girls” campaign group set up to raise awareness about the Chibok kidnapping, history is repeating itself. Buhari’s government should have learned from the mistakes made by the previous administration over the 2014 mass abduction, she told Reuters, by putting better security measures in place and communicating more quickly in the aftermath. “When you look at the response it’s been very disappointing, short of what you would expect from a government that had a script,” Shonibare said. “(They had) four years to prevent an occurrence like Chibok. Yet four years later, we still have Dapchi.” 
969282864054497280	2018-03-01 18:46:57	https://t.co/xnoCbrmKJk	Factbox: Spotify opens up on ownership and clients in listing files https://t.co/xnoCbrmKJk https://t.co/9gQEwBon27	 STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Spotify’s filing for its highly anticipated public listing in New York revealed it expects the proportion of clients leaving the music streaming service to keep falling. In a nearly 200-page filing, the Swedish start-up revealed more financial details than it has in its annual statements. Spotify, launched in 2008 and available in more than 60 countries, is the biggest music streaming company in the world and counts services from Apple (AAPL.O), Amazon (AMZN.O) and Alphabet’s < GOOGL.O> Google as its main rivals. Spotify’s filing revealed the following: The net proportion of subscribers who left Spotify’s paid-for service, or churn, fell to 5.5 percent of paying customers in 2017, down from 6.6 percent in 2016 and 7.7 percent in 2015. In the fourth quarter of 2017 churn stood at 5.1 percent. “As our user base matures, and with the growth in higher retention products such as our family plan and student plan, we believe premium churn will continue to trend lower over time.” Founders Daniel Ek and Martin Lorentzon owned around 23.8 percent and 12.4 percent respectively of outstanding Spotify shares as of Feb. 22 2018. Other big Spotify shareholders include China’s Tencent (0700.HK) with 7.5 percent and Sony Music Entertainment International Ltd with 5.7 percent of the ordinary shares. Free cash flow rose to 109 million euros in 2017, versus 73 million in 2016 and negative of 92 million euros in 2015. Has never paid any cash dividends on share capital, and does not expect to pay dividends or other distributions on ordinary shares in foreseeable future. Gross margin increased to 21 percent in 2017, versus 14 percent in 2016 and 12 percent in 2015. Spotify said the increase in 2017 was“growth in revenue that outpaced the growth in content costs, due primarily to a decrease in content costs pursuant to new licensing agreements.” Spotify expects to continue to expand geographically:“Before launching in a new market, we typically optimize the local Spotify experience for local music preferences... We seek to obtain the rights to popular local content and have local curators where it makes sense.” Although an audio first platform, Spotify says it has begun expanding into non-music content like podcasts, hoping to expand that offering over time to include other non-music content, such as spoken word and short form“interstitial” videos, these expose users to formats such as pop-up ads. Spotify said of its agreement last year with China’s Tencent Holdings Ltd (0700.HK) and its music arm to buy minority stakes in each other: “Spotify believes the Tencent Transactions allow Spotify to invest in the long term potential of the music market in China and, in turn, TME (Tencent Music Entertainment Group) to invest in the long term potential of the music market outside of China.” 
969281957493460994	2018-03-01 18:43:21	https://t.co/rh7U1a4r93	Trump says U.S. to impose tariffs on steel, aluminum imports https://t.co/rh7U1a4r93 https://t.co/no9FKNAYbQ	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday the United States would impose tariffs of 25 percent on steel imports and 10 percent on imported aluminum next week. At a meeting with U.S. industry officials at the White House, Trump vowed to rebuild American steel and aluminum industries, saying they had been treaded unfairly by other countries for decades. The move is likely to increase tensions with China, whose top trade official Lui He is in Washington for trade talks. An early morning tweet from Trump that said the steel and aluminum sectors needed protecting from unfair trade drove shares in domestic industries sharply higher. AK Steel Holding (AKS.N) was up 2.8 percent, U.S. Steel Corp (X.N) was up 2.3 percent and Nucor (NUE.N) rose 1 percent. By contrast, industrial stocks such as Boeing fell, with traders citing tariffs, which would hit manufacturers. The administration says duties would protect U.S. industry, but critics say they would raise costs for industry and fail to deliver on a campaign pledge to boost domestic jobs. Trump tweeted on Thursday that American steel and aluminum companies needed“free, fair and smart trade”. Trump has indicated he favors a duty of 24 percent on steel imports. The administration has also cited national security interests for its action, saying the United States needs domestic supply for its tanks and warships. The Department of Defense has recommended targeted steel tariffs and a delay in aluminum duties. Although China only accounts for two percent of U.S. steel imports, its massive industry expansion has helped produce a global glut of steel that has driven down prices. China has indicated it could retaliate against U.S. steel tariffs by targeting imports of U.S. agricultural commodities, such as soybeans of which America is the largest supplier. Trade tensions between the United States and China have risen since Trump took office in 2017 and the administration is also pushing on what it regards as forced technology transfers to China. Shares of Asian steel producers such as South Korea’s POSCO (005490.KS) and Nippon Steel (5401.T) fell overnight. While American steelmakers have lost three quarters of their jobs between 1962 and 2005, a major study by the American Economic Association showed that much of this had been due to improved production technology as output per worker rose fivefold. “Thus, even if trade protection leads to increased domestic production, increases in employment may be far less than many hope,” a report from the highly-regarded independent Econofact economist network said last week. Consumers of steel and aluminum have lobbied hard against the tariffs. Econofact said in its report that two million jobs were in industries that use steel“intensively”, including auto parts, household appliances, farm machinery and oil equipment. Jobs in the consuming industries are concentrated in California, Texas, the Northeastern and Midwestern states that comprise the rust belt and states in the Southeast. “Across many states, the number of jobs adversely affected in these steel-using industries could far exceed any steel jobs saved,” Econofact warned. “Past experience also shows that unilateral action like Section 232 tariffs will invite retaliation — the Bush-era steel tariffs led many countries to target politically sensitive U.S. exports like Florida oranges and North Carolina textiles.” 
969281408366768128	2018-03-01 18:41:10	https://t.co/VqekjgHBEZ	Zuckerberg sold nearly $500 million Facebook stock in February https://t.co/VqekjgHBEZ https://t.co/YViChvdPTO	 (Reuters) - Facebook Inc (FB.O) Chief Executive Officer Mark Zuckerberg sold nearly $500 million in the company’s shares in February to fund his philanthropic investment vehicle, the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative (CZI), regulatory filings showed. The move is not a surprise, being part of Zuckerberg’s plan to expedite stock sales to fund the initiative he set up in December 2015 with his wife Priscilla Chan. Two security filings on Thursday showed that Zuckerberg sold 685,000 shares worth $125.4 million in the last three days of February, taking his total sales in the month to about 2.7 million shares worth $482.2 million, according to Reuters calculations. (bit.ly/2oyrDTM) “These sales are the next step in a process Mark laid out in September to fund the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative’s work in science, education and issues related to justice and opportunity. The funds will go to support a range of CZI’s philanthropic activities and operations for many years to come,” a CZI spokesperson told Reuters. Zuckerberg said in September he would sell 35 million to 75 million shares of Facebook over the next 18 months. That would amount to up to $13 billion, based on Facebook's current share price. (bit.ly/2F2qiyT) The Silicon Valley billionaire has said he will donate 99 percent of his Facebook shares to CZI - worth about $45 billion when the initiative was formed. He sold about $1.6 billion of the company’s stock in 2016 and 2017, according to technology website Recode. Zuckerberg’s foundation is similar to those set up by Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O) founder Bill Gates and his wife Melinda Gates, and the Buffett Foundation, formed by billionaire Warren Buffett. 
969280885697777664	2018-03-01 18:39:06	https://t.co/Gm4XnKN0F3	EU piles pressure on internet giants to remove extremist content https://t.co/Gm4XnKN0F3 https://t.co/uR9cZpLVsE	 BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Google, YouTube, Facebook, Twitter and other internet companies must show the European Union within three months that they are removing extremist content more rapidly or face legislation forcing them to do so. Several governments have increased pressure on social media companies to do more to remove illegal content — from material related to groups such as Islamic state and incitement to commit atrocities — and the sector has increased efforts to demonstrate its progress. But in its strongest call yet to the technology sector the European Commission on Thursday recommended measures that internet platforms should take to stop the proliferation of extremist content, including the removal of such material within an hour of being notified of its existence. European governments have said that extremist content on the web has influenced lone-wolf attackers who have killed people in several European cities after being radicalized. “While several platforms have been removing more illegal content than ever before ... we still need to react faster against terrorist propaganda and other illegal content which is a serious threat to our citizens’ security, safety and fundamental rights,” Digital Commissioner Andrus Ansip said in Thursday’s statement. European online trade association EDiMA, whose members include Google, Facebook and Twitter, said it was dismayed the Commission had not first chosen to engage in dialogue. A one-hour turn-around time might also not be workable, it said. The recommendation, which is non-binding but could be taken into account by European courts, sets guidelines on how companies should remove illegal content generally — from copyright infringements to hate speech — and advises a quicker reaction to extremist material. The Commission said it would assess the need for legislation within three months for what it described as“terrorist content”, given the urgency of the issue. For all other types of illegal content it will assess progress made within six months. It also called on the technology sector, which is dominated by U.S. companies, to adopt proactive measures such as automated detection to rid their platforms of illegal content. Campaign group the Counter Extremism Project said the Commission’s proposal was welcome but did not tackle two issues - how to make automated technology widely available and how to stop extremists uploading again content that had been removed. European Digital Rights, a civil rights group, described the Commission’s approach as putting internet giants in charge of censoring Europe. Only legislation would ensure democratic scrutiny and judicial review. Luxury groups, meanwhile, welcomed the Commission’s move saying action by online platforms is also necessary to fight the sale of counterfeit goods online. “Proactive measures coupled with good consumer information is the only way to effectively deal with illegal content online,” said Toni Belloni, group managing director of LVMH. 
969280626191937536	2018-03-01 18:38:04	https://t.co/tc9x4tItZX	How Geely's Li Shufu spent months stealthily building a $9 billion stake in Daimler https://t.co/tc9x4tItZX https://t.co/XhhxOO13kR	 SHANGHAI/BEIJING (Reuters) - When Daimler announced that Li Shufu had acquired almost 10 percent of the automaker last Friday, it caught financial markets - and German regulators - by surprise. Although the move seemed sudden, the head of the Chinese carmaker Geely had, according to multiple sources and documents reviewed by Reuters, spent months stealthily laying groundwork for the stake. Two sources in Geely and one source close to the company said a senior executive there, Li Yifan, had for more than a year led a small team tasked with acquiring shares in Daimler. By using Hong Kong shell companies, derivatives, bank financing and carefully structured share options, Li Shufu kept the plan under wraps until he could, at a stroke, become Daimler’s single largest shareholder. The result was a $9 billion investment that skirted disclosure rules requiring investors to notify German authorities if their share of voting rights in a company passed 3 percent, and then 5 percent. Because of the way the stake was built, there is no indication that Geely breached those rules. “The fact that Li would invest did not come as a surprise,” said a senior Daimler executive, who did not want to be named because he was not authorized to speak to the media.“But how he went about it certainly was.” The shell company used to amass the stake, Tenaciou3 Prospect Investment Ltd, was incorporated on Oct. 27 in Hong Kong. The company had just one ordinary share, worth HK$1 (12.8 U.S. cents), according to documents filed to the Hong Kong Companies Registry. It also has a single director: Li Yifan. Reuters reported in November that Daimler rejected a proposal by Geely to acquire a stake or reach a technology-sharing deal. The next month, Tenaciou3 signed agreements, subsequently filed with Hong Kong’s companies registry, with Morgan Stanley and Bank of America Merrill Lynch that would help the Chinese company build its stake in a less-direct way. Last week, Daimler AG (DAIGn.DE) named Tenaciou3 in a regulatory filing as the entity controlling Li Shufu’s 9.69 percent stake. A person with knowledge of the deal said Morgan Stanley had worked on the structure of the investments, helped Li build up his position in the secondary market and provided financing. The person asked not to be named because he was not authorized to speak to the media. Geely also hired two former Morgan Stanley executives, Dirk Notheis in Germany, and Bao Yi, who worked in China, to help the banks devise tactics that would avoid immediately triggering disclosure requirements in Germany, according to sources familiar with the matter. Tenaciou3 purchased some shares on its own, but not enough to require disclosure. The banks then acquired additional shares in two ways without Geely having an entitlement to the shares and therefore no requirement to disclose the holding, according to two people familiar with the matter. Some were purchased directly, and the risk was offset by an“equity collar” structure to protect the investment from losses. That involved selling options for the right to buy shares above the then-prevailing price while buying options to gain the right to sell the shares below the price. The banks also gained the right to acquire some shares by buying derivatives, the sources said. Only when the shares were sold to Tenaciou3 did the stake need to be disclosed. Li Yifan did not respond to requests for comment. Morgan Stanley and Bank of America declined to comment. Daimler also declined to comment. Li Shufu was not immediately available for comment. German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Tuesday there were no obvious violations linked to the acquisition, although the country’s financial regulator, BaFin, is investigating whether disclosure rules were broken. In a report to Germany’s parliament, seen by Reuters, the country’s Economy Ministry said it would consider tightening disclosure regulations in light of the Chinese stake in Daimler. The structure of the deal makes it difficult to determine the source of the money behind it. On paper, Tenaciou3 is owned by another Hong Kong-registered company, Fujikiro Ltd, which lists a third company, Miroku Ltd, as a director. The other directors of both these companies are all senior partners at global law firm King & Wood Mallesons, according to official records. Li Shufu is not named in any of the documents seen by Reuters, but he has openly said he is the owner of the stake held by Tenaciou3. The practice of using shell companies as investment vehicles and lawyers to act as directors on behalf of wealthy investors is fairly common. King & Wood Mallesons declined to comment. Geely officials familiar with the transaction said the shell company was set up in part to make the deal an“offshore” acquisition and avoid the heightened recent scrutiny from Beijing on deals in which funds are moved out of mainland China. The company has said that all the funds for the deal were raised outside China, although industry consultants said the use of the Hong Kong entity made that hard to verify. A separate shell company, Tenaciou3 Investment Holdings Ltd, directly controlled by Geely, borrowed 1.67 billion euros ($2.04 billion) from the Hong Kong branch of Chinese bank Industrial Bank Co Ltd (601166.SS), according to an agreement dated Dec. 5 and filed in Hong Kong. A Daimler filing shows Tenaciou3 Investment Holdings, whose director was listed as Li Yifan, as the controlling entity behind Tenaciou3 Prospect. Tenaciou3 Investment Holdings used its share capital in Tenaciou3 Prospect Investment as collateral for the loan. The agreement with Industrial Bank did not say what the funds would be used for. Industrial Bank, which is headquartered in China’s southeastern city of Fuzhou, did not immediately respond to a request seeking comment. Angela Stanzel, Berlin-based senior policy fellow focused on Asia at the European Council on Foreign Relations, said the main concern in Germany was the lack of transparency. “The issue is, where does the money come from and how did this bid actually happen?” she told Reuters. 
969280383257899008	2018-03-01 18:37:06	https://t.co/MCFttEoBVE	Insurer Chubb refuses to pay for Harvey Weinstein's legal defense https://t.co/MCFttEoBVE https://t.co/kLnllOsWvB	 (Reuters) - Insurer Chubb Ltd is refusing to pay for Harvey Weinstein’s legal defense against 11 lawsuits that accuse the movie producer of sexually harassing or assaulting women over the past three decades, according to a court document filed on Wednesday. Units of the insurer have together issued 80 policies to Weinstein and his family between 1994 and 2018, including coverage for personal liability, according to Chubb. That would normally cover legal costs to defend against claims of damage or injury caused accidentally, but the insurer said Weinstein’s conduct was intentional. The co-founder of the Miramax studio and The Weinstein Company was one of Hollywood’s most influential men before more than 70 women accused him of sexual misconduct, including assault. He denies having non-consensual sex with anyone. He faces many legal cases, including one brought by New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman accusing him of civil and human rights violations. Chubb Indemnity Insurance Co and several other Chubb units asked New York State Supreme Court to issue a judgment declaring that the policies’ terms exclude defending charges in the lawsuits, specifically sexual assault, discrimination and intentional acts. A representative and lawyer for Weinstein did not immediately respond to requests for comment. 
969278658300039168	2018-03-01 18:30:15	https://t.co/Ceohe6urzm	Twitter seeks proposals to improve content quality on its platform https://t.co/Ceohe6urzm https://t.co/YJoajubwTj	 (Reuters) - Twitter Inc on Thursday sought help to improve the quality of conversations on its micro-blogging site in a bid to address rising criticism against social media companies for failing to protect users from online abuse and political manipulation. Twitter's new approach, it said in a blog, would be based on identifying metrics to gauge the "health of public conversations" and ways to measure it. The social network has created a webpage where anyone can submit their proposals. (bit.ly/2oGU819) In a series of tweets on Thursday, Chief Executive Officer Jack Dorsey acknowledged that Twitter‘didn’t fully predict or understand the real-world negative consequences’ of instant public messaging. He said negative consequences that Twitter has witnessed include abuse, harassment, troll armies, manipulation through bots and human-coordination, misinformation campaigns and increasingly divisive echo chambers. (bit.ly/2HUvfYA) Dorsey said Twitter has been focusing on removing content that were against its terms but now needed a change in approach. In August 2016, Twitter said it had deleted 235,000 accounts in six months for promoting extremism. (bit.ly/2oHms3n) Accusations of Russian meddling in U.S. presidential elections via social networks had turned the heat on social networks over their ability to control content. 
969277723402174464	2018-03-01 18:26:32	https://t.co/ZxhRis6YM2	Putin, before vote, unveils 'invincible' nuclear weapons to counter West https://t.co/ZxhRis6YM2	 MOSCOW (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin announced an array of new nuclear weapons on Thursday, in one of his most bellicose speeches in years, saying they could hit almost any point in the world and evade a U.S.-built missile shield. Putin was speaking ahead of an election on March 18 that polls indicate he should win easily. He said a nuclear attack on any of Moscow’s allies would be regarded as an attack on Russia itself and draw an immediate response. It was unclear if he had a particular Russian ally, such as Syria, in mind, but his comments looked like a warning to Washington not to use tactical battlefield nuclear weapons. His remarks were greeted with scepticism in Washington, where officials cast doubt on whether Russia has added any new capabilities to its nuclear arsenal beyond those already known to the U.S. military and intelligence agencies. The Pentagon, which recently announced a nuclear policy revamp based partly on the bellicose posture from Moscow, said it was not surprised by Putin’s presentation. “We’ve been watching Russia for a long time. We’re not surprised,” Pentagon spokeswoman Dana White said. “These weapons that are discussed have been in development a very long time,” she told a news briefing, without addressing any of Putin’s specific claims of new capabilities. John Rood, U.S. under secretary of defense for policy, declined to comment on U.S. intelligence on Russian capabilities. But, addressing a forum in Washington, Rood generally played down Putin’s presentation, saying:“I think it’s broadly consistent with things that have been stated before (by) Russian officials.” The Trump administration accused Moscow anew of violating a Cold War-era treaty which banned nuclear and conventional ground-launched ballistic and cruise missiles with a range of 500-5,500 km (300-3,400 miles). “President Putin has confirmed what the United States government has known all along, which Russia has denied: Russia has been developing destabilizing weapons systems for over a decade in direct violations of its treaty obligations,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said. Putin has often used militaristic rhetoric to mobilize support and buttress his narrative that Russia is under siege from the West. His 2014 annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea boosted his ratings to a record high and he has cast his military intervention in Syria as a proud moment for Moscow. On Thursday, he sought to back his rhetoric with video clips of what he said were some of the new missiles. The images were projected onto a giant screen behind him at a conference hall in central Moscow where he was addressing Russia’s political elite. “They have not succeeded in holding Russia back,” said Putin, referring to the West, which he said had ignored Moscow in the past, but would now have to sit up and listen. “Now they need to take account of a new reality and understand that everything I have said today is not a bluff.” Among weapons that Putin said were either in development or ready was a new intercontinental ballistic missile“with a practically unlimited range” able to attack via the North and South Poles and bypass any missile defense systems. Putin also spoke of a small nuclear-powered engine that could be fitted to what he said were low-flying, highly maneuverable cruise missiles, giving them a practically unlimited range. The new engine meant Russia was able to make a new type of weapon - nuclear missiles powered by nuclear rather than conventional fuel. “Nothing like it in the world exists,” Putin told the audience.“At some point it will probably appear (elsewhere) but by that time our guys will have devised something else.” Other new super weapons he listed included underwater nuclear drones, a supersonic weapon and a laser weapon. In one of his video clip demos, a weapon appeared to be hovering over what looked like a map of the state of Florida. “It was certainly unfortunate to have watched the video animation that depicted a nuclear attack on the United States,” State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert told a news briefing.“We don’t regard that as the behavior of a responsible international player.” Putin’s audience, made up of Russian lawmakers and other leading figures, frequently stood up and applauded his presentation, which culminated with the Russian national anthem being played. Earlier in the speech, he had struck a very different tone, ordering officials to halve the number of Russians living in poverty by sharply boosting social and infrastructure spending in an obvious pre-election pitch to voters. Putin, who has dominated his country’s political landscape for the last 18 years, said the technological advances meant that NATO’s build-up on Russia’s borders and the roll-out of a U.S. anti-missile system would be rendered useless. “I hope that everything that was said today will sober up any potential aggressor,” said Putin. “Unfriendly steps towards Russia such as the deployment of the (U.S.) anti-missile system and of NATO infrastructure nearer our borders and such like, from a military point of view, will become ineffective.” Steps to contain Russia would also become unjustifiably expensive and pointless, he forecast. Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu said in a statement after the speech that the new weapons Putin had unveiled meant that NATO’s missile defense shield, in Poland, Romania and Alaska and planned elements in South Korea and Japan was like an umbrella that was full of holes. “I don’t know why they would now buy such an‘umbrella’,” Shoigu said, referring to Seoul and Tokyo. NATO declined immediate comment. The United States has long asserted that U.S. missile defenses are incapable of halting a large-scale attack by a major nuclear power, like Russia or China, due in part to the limited number of U.S. missile interceptors. Instead, the technology is aimed at what the United States views as“rogue” states, such as Iran or North Korea. “They know very well that it’s not about them. Our missile defense has never been about them,” White said. She added that the U.S. focus in addressing Russia’s nuclear modernization was strengthening America’s own nuclear forces to serve as a deterrent. Lisbeth Gronlund, senior scientist and co-director of the Global Security Program of the Union of Concerned Scientists, said Putin’s announcement of a missile with a nuclear-powered engine, even if true, would change little when it came to the Russian threat since Russia already has large numbers of ICBMs. Putin also voiced concerns about a new U.S. nuclear doctrine, saying Russia’s own doctrine was defensive and only envisaged the use of nuclear weapons in response to an attack. Russia has repeatedly said it is keen to hold talks with the United States about the balance of strategic nuclear power and Putin put Washington and other nuclear powers on notice. “We will view any use of nuclear weapons against Russia or its allies, be it of small, medium or any force, as a nuclear attack on our country,” he said. “Our response will be immediate. Nobody should have any doubts about that.” Putin said that Russia did not plan to attack anyone, however. Russia’s growing military might was a guarantee of world peace, he said, designed to preserve a strategic balance of power on the planet. 
969277723200933889	2018-03-01 18:26:32	https://t.co/miwrHW638b	U.S. Ambassador to Mexico to resign amid tense bilateral relations https://t.co/miwrHW638b	 MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - U.S. Ambassador to Mexico Roberta Jacobson will step down from the job in May, she said on Thursday, joining a growing list of senior State Department officials to resign from the agency during the presidency of Donald Trump. Jacobson’s decision comes as relations between the two neighboring nations are at a low point, thanks to Trump’s threats to abandon the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) and force Mexico to pay for a border wall. “After 31 years of serving the U.S. government, I will leave at the beginning of May in search of new opportunities. I leave knowing that the U.S.-Mexico relation is strong and crucial,” she wrote in a statement on Twitter.“Together we are stronger!” Jacobson added that she did not know who would replace her. The U.S. Embassy in Mexico City referred questions about Jacobson’s resignation to her Twitter statement. Earlier on Thursday, Mexican newspaper Reforma reported that Trump plans to nominate former AT&T Chief Executive Ed Whitacre as the next ambassador to Mexico. U.S Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told his Mexican counterpart, Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray, in a February 17 phone call that Jacobson had resigned, the foreign ministry said in a statement. “It is exclusively the job of the U.S. government to reveal publicly who it will name to lead its diplomatic representation in Mexico,” the foreign ministry statement said, thanking Jacobson for her service in Mexico and across the region, and wishing her well in future endeavors. Appointed by former President Barack Obama, Jacobson became ambassador to Mexico in May 2016, after serving as the State Department’s Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs. Many expected Trump to quickly ditch Jacobson due to her links to the Obama administration, and her often-vocal differences with some of the U.S. president’s declarations, such as his proposed border wall. Since Trump took office, she has increasingly been viewed as a lame duck, with Mexican diplomats choosing to channel U.S. foreign policy through White House advisors, and particularly his son-in-law, Jared Kushner. Nonetheless, Mexican diplomats say she was well-regarded. Last month, the State Department’s third-ranking official, Tom Shannon, announced he was stepping down. The departures of Shannon, Jacobson and William Brownfield, the former U.S. assistant secretary for International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs, deprive the U.S. diplomatic service of many of its most experienced Latin American experts, during a crucial election year in the region. They are part of a steady stream of senior career diplomats who have left since Trump became president. 
969273610278985729	2018-03-01 18:10:11	https://t.co/uQo1JROxcg	Trump says U.S. steel, aluminum sectors need 'free, fair' trade https://t.co/uQo1JROxcg https://t.co/7Yn3aoYXg8	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump announced on Thursday he would impose hefty tariffs on imported steel and aluminum to protect U.S. producers, risking retaliation from major trade partners like China, Europe and neighboring Canada. Fears of a trade war triggered a selloff on Wall Street. Trump said the duties, 25 percent on steel imports and 10 percent on aluminum, would be formally announced next week, although White House officials later said some details still needed to be ironed out. Trump believes the tariffs will safeguard American jobs, but many economists say the impact of price increases for users of steel and aluminum, such as the auto and oil industries, will destroy more jobs than curbs on imports create. “We’re going to build our steel industry back and our aluminum industry back,” Trump said. Shares of U.S. domestic steel and aluminum makers rallied, but shares of companies ranging from auto makers to airplane makers fell on the potential impact of the higher costs they will have to pay for the metals. The announcement came after what one person with direct knowledge of the discussions described as a night of“chaos” in the White House due to frequent switching of positions in the administration. The tariffs were sharply criticized by some senior Republican lawmakers as well as industries ranging from autos to oil to construction equipment. A major concern is that U.S. farm exports could be hit hard in retaliation by steel-exporting countries. “Every time you do this, you get a retaliation. Agriculture is the number one target. I think this is terribly counterproductive for the agriculture economy,” said Senator Pat Roberts, who chairs the chamber’s agriculture committee. China has already threatened to curb imports of U.S. soybeans, and the European Union has said it will consider action as well. President Xi Jinping’s top economic adviser, Liu He, held talks with the Trump administration in Washington on Thursday. The discussion was described as“frank and constructive”, by a White House official, and focused on“ways to ensure fair and reciprocal trade.” Trade tensions between the United States and China have risen since Trump took office in 2017. The tariffs will not directly hit China that hard. Data shows that Canada supplies 16 percent of U.S. demand for steel versus China’s 2 percent and is by far the largest steel exporter, followed by Brazil and South Korea. Other countries were already looking at how to respond. “Should restrictions be imposed on Canadian steel and aluminum products, Canada will take responsive measures to defend its trade interests and workers,” the country’s foreign affairs minister, Chrystia Freeland, said in a sharply worded statement. Brazil’s industry ministry said Brazil would consider taking action on its own over the tariffs or in concert with other countries. Shares of two of its largest steel makers, Cia Siderurgica Nacional and Usiminas, sold off, closing down 4.4 percent and 4.2 percent, respectively. Washington is already engaged in a dispute with Canada and Mexico over its proposed revision to the North American Free Trade Agreement, and months of tense talks have failed to produce any meaningful progress. Asked whether there would be exemptions for any countries, White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said she would not get into any details ahead of next week’s announcement. She said the tariffs were still being finalized. Although China only accounts for a small fraction of U.S. steel imports, its massive industry expansion has helped produce a global glut of steel that has driven down prices. Wall Street trading reflected the divergent impact of the tariffs. Steel makers rose, with AK Steel Holding up 9.5 percent, U.S. Steel Corp up 5.7 percent and Nucor up 3.3 percent. Companies that are big users of steel fell. Ford Motor Co shed 3 percent and General Motors Co fell 4 percent. But the overall trend was down, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average falling 1.7 percent and the S&P 500 index down 1.3 percent. Though the administration says duties would protect U.S. industry, critics say they would raise costs for industry and fail to deliver on Trump’s campaign pledge to boost domestic jobs. The tariffs were a victory for the trade hawks in Trump’s administration, including White House trade adviser Peter Navarro, who has been rising in importance, and a setback for those who fear repercussions, such as top economic adviser Gary Cohn. It had appeared unlikely that Trump would announce the tariffs on Thursday after a night of back and forth inside the administration. “There was a lot of movement within the past 12, 16 hours,” said the source who had knowledge of the discussions but who declined to be named due to the sensitivity of the issue. “It was going to happen. It wasn’t going to happen and then it did happen,” the source said. The administration also cited national security interests for its action, saying the United States needs domestic supply for its tanks and warships. But the Department of Defense had recommended targeted steel tariffs and a delay in aluminum duties. While American steelmakers lost three quarters of their jobs between 1962 and 2005, a major study by the American Economic Association showed that much of this reflected improved production technology, with output per worker rising fivefold. “Thus, even if trade protection leads to increased domestic production, increases in employment may be far less than many hope,” a report from the independent Econofact economist network said last week. “Across many states, the number of jobs adversely affected in these steel-using industries could far exceed any steel jobs saved,” Econofact warned. The overall impact on the U.S. economy is likely to be muted, barring a major trade war, with steel and aluminum imports accounting for just 2 percent of the overall total. Investment bank Barclays estimated the tariffs would add 0.1 percentage point to core inflation over a period of time and cut economic growth by 0.1-0.2 percentage point, which would be more than offset by Trump’s fiscal stimulus. 
969272833435107329	2018-03-01 18:07:06	https://t.co/8E3yktmQ84	As May readies trade speech, Tusk sees difficulties https://t.co/8E3yktmQ84	 LONDON/BRUSSELS (Reuters) -“Real political difficulties” lie ahead for Brexit, EU summit chair Donald Tusk said after Prime Minister Theresa May gave him a preview of the vision of future trade ties she will unveil on Friday. Over lunch at her Downing Street office, aides said, May told him a draft Brexit treaty published by the European Union on Wednesday was“unacceptable” in its proposal of keeping Northern Ireland effectively in an EU customs union, potentially isolating the province economically from the British mainland. Tusk offered a robust defence of the draft, which the EU says is a“backstop” for avoiding a“hard border” that might disrupt peace in Ireland. Before their meeting, he said he would be asking May if she had a better idea to achieve that. No details emerged of exactly what May will propose in a speech on Friday for an“ambitious economic partnership” after Brexit. Some ministers have suggested that it can achieve“frictionless trade” between the whole United Kingdom and the EU and avoid the need for a special deal in Ireland. May’s spokesman said her ministers had agreed with her that her speech would be“a real step forward in the negotiations”. However, Tusk has dismissed as“pure illusion” some of the ideas that many expect to form part of her proposal to maintain close regulatory alignment with the EU in some sectors. On Thursday he bluntly dismissed the idea that May could avoid hampering trade while pursuing her plan to take Britain out of both the EU customs union and the single market. “Friction is an inevitable side effect of Brexit. By nature,” he told a business conference in Brussels. Over lunch in London, an EU official said, Tusk focused on plans for future ties, talks on which should finally get under way next month after an interim deal on divorce issues was struck in December. British Brexit supporters accuse the EU of being inflexible and seeking to punish Britain for leaving, while EU leaders say Britain is trying to cherry-pick access to their markets while absenting itself from following rules it does not like. Rhetoric on both sides has turned sharper following the interim accord in December, with EU officials urging May to give them a clear idea of what her deeply divided government wants on trade and for Northern Ireland with Brexit just 13 months away. The EU official called Tusk’s lunch with May“an open and honest debate in a good atmosphere about the real political difficulties ahead of us”. After May’s speech, Tusk will present an EU negotiating position on post-Brexit relations next week which EU leaders should endorse at a summit on March 22-23. Also addressing the Business Europe forum in Brussels on Thursday, the EU’s chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier urged company bosses to prepare for Britain’s departure and issued a new warning that a status-quo, two-year transition period was not yet agreed and might not be guaranteed for another year. The pound had softened on Barnier’s warnings the previous day that a transition deal was not a given and the row over the EU’s draft on Ireland has also reminded investors that failure to strike a divorce deal could be disruptive. The“only certainty”, Barnier said, was that Britain would be out of the EU next March, and so businesses must prepare:“Of course, the transition period currently under negotiation would give you more time to adapt,” he added. “However, certainty about the transition will only come at the end of the process, with the ratification of the withdrawal agreement by both sides - probably early next year.” Britons opposed to leaving the EU are fighting a rearguard action that seeks to use May’s weakness in her own Conservative party and in parliament to disrupt it - though there is little sign public opinion has shifted far from the roughly 50-50 split which delivered a narrow vote for Brexit in a 2016 referendum. Tony Blair, the former Labour prime minister who is among the more prominent campaigners trying to halt Brexit, was in Brussels on Thursday, aiming to persuade EU policymakers to be ready to welcome Britain to remain if it changes its mind - and be ready to show a will to reform, especially to curb the easy migration across the EU that worried many Britons. Tusk and other EU leaders have repeatedly said Britain would be welcome to stay, although some also make clear they are not willing to undertake major reforms in order to do that. Frans Timmermans, deputy head of the EU executive, told the European Parliament on Wednesday:“If they change their minds and want to come back to the European Union, I think we would all welcome them warmly back into the European Union family.” 
969271116261941249	2018-03-01 18:00:16	https://t.co/JgUxvZTok1	F1 launches new TV streaming product that lets users watch from a driver’s perspective https://t.co/JgUxvZTok1 More… https://t.co/sLSTvOToTS	 BARCELONA (Reuters) - Formula 1 is launching a new TV streaming product that it says will put fans in control of their race viewing experience, letting them watch from their favorite driver’s perspective or tracking battles for position. F1 TV, launched on Tuesday at the Mobile World Congress, will give access to cameras mounted on the cars of 20 drivers as well as the traditional broadcast feed, with viewers able to split the screens of their mobile device or smart TV. “You can go head-to-head with Daniel Ricciardo and Sebastian Vettel as they battle for second place - and actually go side-by-side and look at the view from each of their cars,” Frank Arthofer, Formula 1’s head of digital, told Reuters. Formula 1, controlled by Liberty Media, will offer the service live in countries including Mexico, France, Germany, the United States, Turkey, Belgium, Hungary and Austria - starting with the opening grand prix next month in Melbourne. Of Formula 1’s roughly 500 million followers, Arthofer reckons that up to 1 million hardcore fans could be persuaded to sign up for F1 TV Pro, which is being offered as a subscription service. It also will offer, a less expensive, recorded version is called F1 TV Access. Monthly charges for the premium version will be in a range from $8-$12, with an annual deal around $100, with prices varying by market. That puts potential revenues for F1 TV in the order of $100 million on a five-year timeframe, Arthofer said. 
969268319416184832	2018-03-01 17:49:10	https://t.co/hUH8i0vT07	Latvian central banker in bribery probe returns to work https://t.co/hUH8i0vT07	 FRANKFURT/RIGA (Reuters) - Latvia’s central bank governor, recently detained in a bribery probe, returned to work as an ECB policymaker this week, the country’s central bank told Reuters. Ilmars Rimsevics’ return marks the latest twist in a graft probe that last month led to his detention by anti-corruption agents who said they suspected him of taking a bribe of more than 100,000 euros ($123,000). He has denied the charges, insisting he is the victim of a smear campaign, while his lawyers have said they want restrictions on his freedom to travel and work lifted. Although still unable to work as governor, he has now returned to his old office to carry out European Central Bank duties. Rimsevics’ arrival comes as a surprise and an embarrassment for the Latvian government, whose top ministers, worried about damage to the Baltic state’s reputation, have repeatedly urged him to quit. A group of lawmakers from Latvia’s ‘Unity’ party, which is part of a governing coalition, has also put forward a motion calling on Rimsevics to step down. “Since Monday, he is back in his office but he cannot fulfill his duties as a governor although he can as a member of the ECB Governing Council,” said a spokesman for Latvia’s central bank. Latvia’s anti-corruption authority KNAB confirmed that Rimsevics had returned to his office but that he was still not allowed to leave the country under the terms of his bail. “Everything has been explained to him - what he is allowed and what he is not allowed to do,” said the spokeswoman.“He is not entitled to make decisions.” Rimsevics’s return also puts the ECB in an awkward position. Its Governing Council gathers in Frankfurt on March 8 for a regular meeting. Rimsevics is a member of that pan-European group and hopes to join them. As it stands, the terms of his release under a 100,000 euro bail prevents him from leaving the country. Should that change, allowing him to fly to Frankfurt, he would be free to join the council meeting. The ECB has not commented on the matter. Rimsevics and his lawyers did not respond to requests for comment on Thursday. The graft probe coincides with the winding down of Latvia’s third-largest bank, ABLV. It went out of business after U.S. authorities singled it out for money laundering and moved to block it from doing financial deals in dollars. ABLV denied any such wrongdoing. The episode has cast a shadow over Latvia, which belongs to the euro zone and whose top officials hold influential posts both at the European Commission and European Central Bank. Latvia was one of the hardest hit countries in the global financial crisis, falling into recession as the government sought an international bailout, nationalized Parex Bank and made spending cuts, helping prompt a wave of emigration. 
969266037735686145	2018-03-01 17:40:06	https://t.co/qYkqX4Vsso	Trump to make morning announcement on U.S. tariffs: CNBC https://t.co/qYkqX4Vsso https://t.co/6hccSpkmfw	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will announce tariffs at 11 a.m. (1600 GMT) on Thursday, CNBC reported, citing an unidentified White House official. No details on the tariffs were provided, CNBC said. U.S. Trump has vowed to take steps to crack down on imports of steel and aluminum and has been considering imposing hefty tariffs on imports of the metals from China and other countries. 
969265989207633921	2018-03-01 17:39:54	https://t.co/obnxhz3D4s	Norway set to ban semi-automatic weapons https://t.co/obnxhz3D4s	 OSLO (Reuters) - Norway is set to ban semi-automatic weapons almost seven years after a far right-wing extremist killed 77 people in a bomb and shooting rampage, the deputy leader of parliament’s justice committee said on Thursday. The July 22 massacre in 2011“was committed using that type of weapon. We need to get rid of them,” Peter Froelich told broadcaster TV2. He said a majority of parliamentarians now backed the measure, in line with a proposal by the center-right government, and a vote was scheduled for next week. Anders Behring Breivik gunned down 69 people at a Labour Party youth camp on Uteoya Island using a semi-automatic gun after killing eight people with a car bomb in central Oslo. Froelich said the ban would require owners of existing semi-automatic weapons to give them up, as well as prohibiting future sales. He estimated it would affect about 2,000 owners in the country of 5.3 million inhabitants. In the United States, a gunman killed 17 people at a high school in Parkland, Florida, last month, igniting a wave of national student activism in support of firearms restrictions. 
969263554464505863	2018-03-01 17:30:14	https://t.co/2Rdyzc1adr	Neymar out for up to three months, says Brazil team doctor https://t.co/2Rdyzc1adr https://t.co/9AOZORvLD7	 SAO PAULO (Reuters) - Neymar faces a race to be fit for this year’s World Cup finals after the Brazil team doctor was quoted on Thursday saying the Paris St Germain forward would be out for up to three months with a foot injury. The 26-year-old, who became the world’s most expensive player last August when PSG paid 222 million euros ($271 million) to sign him from Barcelona, is to undergo surgery on a fractured metatarsal and a sprained ankle this week. Brazil’s team doctor Rodrigo Lasmar said Neymar will need up to three months to recover from the injury. “The surgery will be done in Belo Horizonte at the Mater Dei hospital on Saturday morning,” Lasmar told TV Globo. “The recovery period will be between two and a half to three months,” he added.“That depends a lot on his post-surgery recovery. We will have more details after the procedure.” Neymar will miss Brazil’s friendlies later this month against World Cup hosts Russia and reigning champions Germany, but Lasmar said he expected Neymar to be back in time for the World Cup finals, which kick off on June 14. Five-times World Cup winners Brazil play their first match on June 17 against Switzerland and then face Costa Rica and Serbia. “We have time to recuperate him and it will all be done to ensure he is ready as quickly as possible so that he will have enough time to prepare adequately and arrive in top condition for the tournament,” Lasmar added. “Neymar is, of course, upset, sad, down. But he understands that there is no option now other than to recuperate and dedicate himself to recuperating so he can be good as soon as possible.” PSG confirmed the injury on Wednesday, ruling him out of the club’s Champions League last-16, second leg, against Spanish holders Real Madrid. The French side lost the first leg 3-1 in Madrid last month. “After tests, and with the player’s agreement, it has been decided that surgery is the best option,” the club said.“He will be operated on in Brazil at the end of the week.” Initially Neymar’s father predicted the injury would keep his son out for between six to eight weeks, giving him plenty of time to recover for the tournament in Russia. Neymar has scored 28 goals and provided 16 assists for the Ligue 1 leaders this season. 
969261512127893506	2018-03-01 17:22:07	https://t.co/swITDqvcgJ	F1 launches new TV streaming product that lets users watch from a driver’s perspective https://t.co/swITDqvcgJ More… https://t.co/oJNcB4h7Sc	 BARCELONA (Reuters) - Formula 1 is launching a new TV streaming product that it says will put fans in control of their race viewing experience, letting them watch from their favorite driver’s perspective or tracking battles for position. F1 TV, launched on Tuesday at the Mobile World Congress, will give access to cameras mounted on the cars of 20 drivers as well as the traditional broadcast feed, with viewers able to split the screens of their mobile device or smart TV. “You can go head-to-head with Daniel Ricciardo and Sebastian Vettel as they battle for second place - and actually go side-by-side and look at the view from each of their cars,” Frank Arthofer, Formula 1’s head of digital, told Reuters. Formula 1, controlled by Liberty Media, will offer the service live in countries including Mexico, France, Germany, the United States, Turkey, Belgium, Hungary and Austria - starting with the opening grand prix next month in Melbourne. Of Formula 1’s roughly 500 million followers, Arthofer reckons that up to 1 million hardcore fans could be persuaded to sign up for F1 TV Pro, which is being offered as a subscription service. It also will offer, a less expensive, recorded version is called F1 TV Access. Monthly charges for the premium version will be in a range from $8-$12, with an annual deal around $100, with prices varying by market. That puts potential revenues for F1 TV in the order of $100 million on a five-year timeframe, Arthofer said. 
969261387364159488	2018-03-01 17:21:37	https://t.co/PBZwyriNfT	Italy's 5-Star proposes professor as economy minister candidate https://t.co/PBZwyriNfT	 ROME (Reuters) - Italy’s anti-establishment 5-Star Movement on Thursday named a university professor as its proposed economy minister if it is called to form a government after the March 4 election. The last opinion polls published before a blackout was imposed two weeks ago, showed 5-Star as the most popular party, scoring around 28 percent, but Italy’s complex voting law makes it unlikely to be able to govern alone. The group founded in 2009 by comedian Beppe Grillo is naming ministerial candidates, with an eye to countering charges its officials are too inexperienced. 5-Star leader Luigi Di Maio said Andrea Roventini, 40, an associate professor of economics at the Sant’Anna School of Advanced Studies in Pisa, was a world leader in his field and would head the Treasury in any 5-Star government. He also tipped three other university professors to lead the foreign, interior and defense ministries — Emanuela Del Re, Paola Giannetakis and Elisabetta Trenta respectively. “We are not proposing a government of technocrats. The people we have picked put their hearts and minds into everything they do. They know what they are talking about,” Di Maio told reporters.“I challenge the other (parties) to do better.” Sunday’s vote is widely expected to produce a hung parliament, although polls suggest a center-right coalition around former premier Silvio Berlusconi’s Forza Italia (Go Italy!) party may get close to winning a parliamentary majority. In an interview with Il Sole 24 Ore on Thursday, Roventini pledged to re-negotiate the European Union’s fiscal compact, describing a 3-percent limit imposed on budget deficits as a“fetish”. Roventini said 5-Star would aim to reduce Italy’s debt, proportionately the highest in the euro zone after Greece’s, without privatizing state-owned companies, a strategy which has yielded disappointing results for the current government. Economists fear all the parties’ electoral pledges would add unsustainably to the debt pile, but Roventini said presenting credible plans would be his priority. “There will be no space in our budget for bizarre or utopian ideas, we will pay more attention to growth and public investments, keeping the accounts balanced,” he said. National statistics institute ISTAT said on Friday Italy’s debt fell to 131.5 percent of gross domestic product (GDP) in 2017, up from a record high of 132.0 percent in 2016. The budget deficit came in at 1.9 percent of GDP last year, ISTAT said, down from 2.5 percent the year before and below the government’s target of 2.1 percent. ISTAT cautioned that the deficit and debt figures could be revised up because they do not include money used by the government to save two regional banks in northern Veneto. 
969260180797042688	2018-03-01 17:16:49	https://t.co/BtJ4vXEGzp	Stop exploiting nuns for cheap Church labor, Vatican magazine urges https://t.co/BtJ4vXEGzp	 VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - A Vatican magazine denounced widespread exploitation of nuns for cheap or free labor in the Roman Catholic Church on Thursday, saying the male hierarchy should stop treating them like lowly servants. The article in the monthly“Women, Church, World”, remarkable for an official Vatican publication, described the drudgery of nuns who do work such as cooking, cleaning and waiting on tables for cardinals, bishops and priests. The article, based on the comments of several unnamed nuns, described how some work in the residences of“men of the Church, waking at dawn to prepare breakfast and going to sleep once dinner is served, the house is in order and the laundry cleaned and ironed”. It said their remuneration was“random and often modest”. In many cases, the nuns, who take vows of poverty, receive no pay because they are members of female religious orders and are sent to the residences of male Church officials as part of their assignments. In the past, most of the nuns working as domestic help in male-run residences or institutions such as seminaries were local nationals. But in recent years, many have come from Africa, Asia and other parts of the developing world. The author of the article wrote that what most saddened one of the nuns she talked to was that“they are rarely invited to sit at the table they serve” and made to eat in the kitchen by themselves. One nun said she knew of fellow sisters who had PhDs in subjects such as theology and had been, with no explanation, ordered to do domestic work or other chores that had“no relationship to their intellectual formation”. The experiences of such nuns, the article said, could be transformed“into a richness for the whole Church, if the male hierarchy sees it as an occasion for a true reflection on power (in the Church)”. The magazine, a monthly supplement to the Vatican daily newspaper Osservatore Romano, is written by women journalists and academics. Only a handful of women hold senior positions in the Vatican hierarchy, including Barbara Jatta, who last year became the first woman to head the Vatican Museums. Several nuns have senior roles in Vatican departments that look after religious issues. Unlike his predecessors, Pope Francis lives in a Vatican guest house which is run like a hotel and takes his meals in the main dining room which is staffed by paid waiters. By contrast, the late Pope John Paul, who reigned from 1978 to 2005, had a team of five Polish nuns who ran his household in the papal apartments in the Vatican’s Apostolic Palace. The household of former Pope Benedict, who resigned in 2013 was looked after by about eight female members of a lay Catholic organization known as Memores Domini. The entire March edition of the magazine is dedicated to the theme of women and work. 
969256756760150016	2018-03-01 17:03:13	https://t.co/9Ti8ydtThE	Venezuela postpones presidential election to late May https://t.co/9Ti8ydtThE	 CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela on Thursday postponed its upcoming presidential vote to May 20 in a move cementing an opposition split as socialist incumbent Nicolas Maduro seeks re-election despite an economic crisis and global censure. The national election board said it had pushed the vote back from the original date of April 22 following a pact between Maduro’s government and some opposition parties. The main opposition coalition is boycotting the poll, saying it is a farce intended to legitimize a“dictatorship.” Maduro’s two strongest opposition rivals, Leopoldo Lopez and Henrique Capriles, are both barred from standing, and most Venezuelans view the election board as answerable to Maduro. Western nations and a dozen Latin American neighbors have reprimanded Maduro’s government over unfair conditions for the vote, and the United States is considering imposing sanctions on the OPEC member’s crucial oil sector. Breaking with the main opposition coalition, however, one prominent opposition leader, Henri Falcon, has launched his candidacy. The 56-year-old former state governor believes he can win, even without the coalition’s election machinery behind him, by taking advantage of widespread dissatisfaction with the ruling socialists over a fifth year of grueling recession. However, opposition supporters in the camps of Lopez and Capriles have called Falcon a“sellout” and are urging voters to stay away from the polls to isolate Maduro and de-legitimize what they say will be a rigged win. “Sadly, Falcon succumbed to the temptation of participating and playing the dictatorship’s game,” said Juan Pablo Guanipa, a leader in Capriles’ Justice First party. Government stalwart Jorge Rodriguez said Thursday’s agreement with Falcon’s Progressive Advance party, and some other movements, was evidence of a reconciliatory spirit that undercut foreign criticism of autocratic rule in Venezuela. “Venezuela is a model democracy for the whole world,” Rodriguez, who is communications minister, told reporters at the election board headquarters. Luis Romero, who leads Falcon’s party, said the only way to bring about change was via the polls, and not through protests similar to those that caused nearly 130 deaths last year. “Venezuelans want to get rid of Maduro, but not by killing each other in the streets,” he said, also speaking at the election board in downtown Caracas. As well as a change in the date, Falcon is demanding reforms of the pro-government election board, U.N. observers, and the end of state handouts close to voting booths on election days. He told Reuters he may pull out if guarantees are not given. A former military man who broke with the ruling socialists in 2010, Falcon styles himself a center-leftist favoring business-friendly policies with strong social welfare programs. Maduro is campaigning on a pledge to stay loyal to predecessor Hugo Chavez’s self-styled“21st century socialism.” In a broadcast on Facebook on Thursday, Maduro said Venezuela’s minimum wage was rising 58 percent as of March 1 to 392,646 bolivars a month, or $1.84 according to DolarToday, a website that closely tracks the black market rate. Maduro also lifted Venezuelans’ food ticket allowance 67 percent to 915,000 bolivars a month, the equivalent of $4.29. Bucking most analysts’ consensus, several polls have shown Falcon stands a chance of defeating Maduro. A survey of 1,000 people in early February by Datanalisis said that in a two-way race Falcon would defeat Maduro by 45.8 percent to 32.2 percent of likely voters. Maduro says Venezuela’s election system is clean, and accuses the United States of leading a right-wing international conspiracy to end socialism and take over his nation’s oil. The election board said on Thursday that local and state legislature votes will also take place on May 20. 
969256756735086592	2018-03-01 17:03:13	https://t.co/Bq7kxP3PGY	German government under cyber attack, shores up defenses https://t.co/Bq7kxP3PGY	 BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany’s government was marshalling its defenses on Thursday against a powerful cyber attack that lawmakers said had breached the foreign ministry’s computer network and whose origins officials admitted were still unclear. The head of a parliamentary oversight panel said the attack was continuing, and security officials were trying to maintain control. “It is a veritable cyber attack on parts of the government network,” conservative lawmaker Armin Schuster told reporters.“It is a continuing process.” Schuster declined to give further details, saying that would provide a warning to the attackers, who he did not identify. “The loss of sensitive information amounts to significant damage on its own,” Schuster said.“But we can say that the German government is trying, as far as we know today, to keep the process under control.” Facing criticism from lawmakers that they were kept in the dark about the attack, which security officials said they learned of some time ago but authorities first confirmed on Wednesday, Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere said the hack was technically sophisticated and planned long in advance. He said security authorities were trying to gain further insight into how it was carried out. Schuster’s remarks raised questions about Wednesday’s initial confirmation, a statement in which the interior ministry spoke of an“isolated” attack against some government agencies that had been“brought under control”. Media reports said the attack was detected in December but may have been under way for up to a year. Lawmakers said it had targeted the foreign ministry. One deputy who was briefed on the incident, said it appeared to have originated in Russia. The Kremlin could not immediately be reached for comment. It was the latest in a series of assaults aimed at Germany’s political institutions and key individuals. Security officials have blamed most of the previous attacks on a Russian hacking group APT28 that experts say has close ties to a Russian spy agency. Security experts have blamed the same group for an attack ahead of the 2016 U.S. presidential election. Economy Minister Brigitte Zypries said it would be“problematic” if Moscow were found to have launched the attack, as German media have reported. But she added:“At this moment there is no discussion of that.” Deputy Interior Minister Ole Schroeder told the RND newspaper group on Thursday that security officials had allowed the hackers to maintain“controlled” access to government networks so they could track the attack and how it was carried out. Panel head Schuster said it was too early to assess the damage, but his committee would meet again next week. Patrick Sensburg, another conservative member of the committee, told broadcaster ZDF it involved more complex software and targeted more sensitive data than a 2015 breach at parliament. Opposition lawmakers criticized the government for not informed the parliamentary oversight committee about the attack sooner. Committee member Konstantin von Notz, of the Greens, said the delay was“completely unacceptable”, and Andre Hahn, a member of the far-left Left party, said it was a clear violation of the law. The incident also revived debate about a push by top German intelligence officials for more legal authority to“hack back” in the event of cyber attacks from foreign powers. 
969256756655349760	2018-03-01 17:03:13	https://t.co/x69olY4Wy3	Europeans engage with Iran on regional issues as Trump deadline nears https://t.co/x69olY4Wy3	 PARIS/ANKARA (Reuters) - European powers and Iran have started talks over Tehran’s role in the Middle East and will meet again this month in Italy as part of efforts to prove to U.S. President Donald Trump that they are meeting his concerns over the 2015 nuclear deal. With Trump warning of a last chance for“the worst deal ever negotiated”, Britain, France and Germany have been working with U.S. officials to draw up a strategy to improve the Iran nuclear deal in return for Trump keeping the pact alive by renewing U.S. sanctions relief on May 12. Parallel to those efforts, the three European powers, joined by Italy and the European Union, have initiated discussions with Iran to address regional issues amid Western, Gulf Arab and Israeli concerns that Iran’s role in Syria, Lebanon, Yemen and Iraq is destabilizing. Tehran denies this and accuses the United States, Israel and Saudi Arabia of fomenting tensions in the Middle East. Senior officials held a first meeting on the sidelines of last month’s Munich security conference, focusing on Iran’s role in the Yemen conflict. They are due to meet again in Italy this month, two European diplomats and an Iranian official said. A third European confirmed the Munich meeting. “In Munich we laid out what was expected from them in Yemen. They obviously said it wasn’t them, but we drew some conclusions to move forward together,” said a senior European diplomat. “The Iranians are pretty co-operative, but having a positive meeting doesn’t mean we’ll see any sort of impact in the real world.” Iran backs Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in his country’s almost seven-year-old civil war, Shi’ite Muslim militias in Iraq, Houthi rebels in Yemen and Lebanon’s Hezbollah. “Most of the gaps can be narrowed with the West ... but it needs goodwill and loads of work,” said a senior Iranian official.“The West should gain our trust again ... the nuclear deal was not fully implemented, how can we trust them on other issues?” The talks with the Europeans come after the most serious confrontation yet between Israel and Iranian-backed forces in Syria last month. The senior diplomat said the Europeans hoped to discuss the role of pro-Iranian militias in southern Lebanon and southern Syria in their next round of meetings. “In public they (Iranians) say of course they do not want to accept this. But we believe there are grounds for progress,” said a senior EU official. The European powers, who meet American officials in Berlin on March 15, have stressed to the United States that while they will work on an Iran strategy, including tackling its ballistic missile program, in return Trump must not kill the accord. “We want to keep the nuclear deal, but we’re telling the Iranians that we have other problems with them. We need to see progress on these issues. Otherwise, because of Trump it will lead to the collapse of the accord,” said a senior French diplomat. 
969253085846671361	2018-03-01 16:48:38	https://t.co/DyWPfiE1wO	Putin, before vote, unveils new 'invincible' nuclear weapons to counter West https://t.co/DyWPfiE1wO	 MOSCOW (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin announced an array of new nuclear weapons on Thursday, in one of his most bellicose speeches in years, saying they could hit almost any point in the world and evade a U.S.-built missile shield. Putin was speaking ahead of an election on March 18 that polls indicate he should win easily. He said a nuclear attack on any of Moscow’s allies would be regarded as an attack on Russia itself and draw an immediate response. It was unclear if he had a particular Russian ally, such as Syria, in mind, but his comments looked like a warning to Washington not to use tactical battlefield nuclear weapons. His remarks were greeted with scepticism in Washington, where officials cast doubt on whether Russia has added any new capabilities to its nuclear arsenal beyond those already known to the U.S. military and intelligence agencies. The Pentagon, which recently announced a nuclear policy revamp based partly on the bellicose posture from Moscow, said it was not surprised by Putin’s presentation. “We’ve been watching Russia for a long time. We’re not surprised,” Pentagon spokeswoman Dana White said. “These weapons that are discussed have been in development a very long time,” she told a news briefing, without addressing any of Putin’s specific claims of new capabilities. John Rood, U.S. under secretary of defense for policy, declined to comment on U.S. intelligence on Russian capabilities. But, addressing a forum in Washington, Rood generally played down Putin’s presentation, saying:“I think it’s broadly consistent with things that have been stated before (by) Russian officials.” The Trump administration accused Moscow anew of violating a Cold War-era treaty which banned nuclear and conventional ground-launched ballistic and cruise missiles with a range of 500-5,500 km (300-3,400 miles). “President Putin has confirmed what the United States government has known all along, which Russia has denied: Russia has been developing destabilizing weapons systems for over a decade in direct violations of its treaty obligations,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said. Putin has often used militaristic rhetoric to mobilize support and buttress his narrative that Russia is under siege from the West. His 2014 annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea boosted his ratings to a record high and he has cast his military intervention in Syria as a proud moment for Moscow. On Thursday, he sought to back his rhetoric with video clips of what he said were some of the new missiles. The images were projected onto a giant screen behind him at a conference hall in central Moscow where he was addressing Russia’s political elite. “They have not succeeded in holding Russia back,” said Putin, referring to the West, which he said had ignored Moscow in the past, but would now have to sit up and listen. “Now they need to take account of a new reality and understand that everything I have said today is not a bluff.” Among weapons that Putin said were either in development or ready was a new intercontinental ballistic missile“with a practically unlimited range” able to attack via the North and South Poles and bypass any missile defense systems. Putin also spoke of a small nuclear-powered engine that could be fitted to what he said were low-flying, highly maneuverable cruise missiles, giving them a practically unlimited range. The new engine meant Russia was able to make a new type of weapon - nuclear missiles powered by nuclear rather than conventional fuel. “Nothing like it in the world exists,” Putin told the audience.“At some point it will probably appear (elsewhere) but by that time our guys will have devised something else.” Other new super weapons he listed included underwater nuclear drones, a supersonic weapon and a laser weapon. In one of his video clip demos, a weapon appeared to be hovering over what looked like a map of the state of Florida. “It was certainly unfortunate to have watched the video animation that depicted a nuclear attack on the United States,” State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert told a news briefing.“We don’t regard that as the behavior of a responsible international player.” Putin’s audience, made up of Russian lawmakers and other leading figures, frequently stood up and applauded his presentation, which culminated with the Russian national anthem being played. Earlier in the speech, he had struck a very different tone, ordering officials to halve the number of Russians living in poverty by sharply boosting social and infrastructure spending in an obvious pre-election pitch to voters. Putin, who has dominated his country’s political landscape for the last 18 years, said the technological advances meant that NATO’s build-up on Russia’s borders and the roll-out of a U.S. anti-missile system would be rendered useless. “I hope that everything that was said today will sober up any potential aggressor,” said Putin. “Unfriendly steps towards Russia such as the deployment of the (U.S.) anti-missile system and of NATO infrastructure nearer our borders and such like, from a military point of view, will become ineffective.” Steps to contain Russia would also become unjustifiably expensive and pointless, he forecast. Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu said in a statement after the speech that the new weapons Putin had unveiled meant that NATO’s missile defense shield, in Poland, Romania and Alaska and planned elements in South Korea and Japan was like an umbrella that was full of holes. “I don’t know why they would now buy such an‘umbrella’,” Shoigu said, referring to Seoul and Tokyo. NATO declined immediate comment. The United States has long asserted that U.S. missile defenses are incapable of halting a large-scale attack by a major nuclear power, like Russia or China, due in part to the limited number of U.S. missile interceptors. Instead, the technology is aimed at what the United States views as“rogue” states, such as Iran or North Korea. “They know very well that it’s not about them. Our missile defense has never been about them,” White said. She added that the U.S. focus in addressing Russia’s nuclear modernization was strengthening America’s own nuclear forces to serve as a deterrent. Lisbeth Gronlund, senior scientist and co-director of the Global Security Program of the Union of Concerned Scientists, said Putin’s announcement of a missile with a nuclear-powered engine, even if true, would change little when it came to the Russian threat since Russia already has large numbers of ICBMs. Putin also voiced concerns about a new U.S. nuclear doctrine, saying Russia’s own doctrine was defensive and only envisaged the use of nuclear weapons in response to an attack. Russia has repeatedly said it is keen to hold talks with the United States about the balance of strategic nuclear power and Putin put Washington and other nuclear powers on notice. “We will view any use of nuclear weapons against Russia or its allies, be it of small, medium or any force, as a nuclear attack on our country,” he said. “Our response will be immediate. Nobody should have any doubts about that.” Putin said that Russia did not plan to attack anyone, however. Russia’s growing military might was a guarantee of world peace, he said, designed to preserve a strategic balance of power on the planet. 
969253083296489472	2018-03-01 16:48:37	https://t.co/HQ3Webud5w	Puigdemont to withdraw candidacy for Catalan presidency - newspaper https://t.co/HQ3Webud5w	 MADRID (Reuters) - Catalonia’s former leader Carles Puigdemont pulled back from a bid for a second term in office on Thursday, dealing a blow to the Spanish northeastern region’s secessionist movement. Puigdemont became the movement’s figurehead in the run-up to a unilateral declaration of independence by the Catalan parliament in October, after which he and his administration were sacked by Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy and he fled into self-imposed exile in Brussels. Pro-independence parties won a majority in elections that Rajoy called in Catalonia in December, and Puigdemont had campaigned to be re-instated as the region’s leader. Supporters had said he could govern remotely. Announcing he was provisionally withdrawing his candidacy, he said that decision“is founded in one reason only - under current conditions it’s the way to get a new government under way”. Standing in front of the Catalan regional flag and the European Union flag in an undisclosed location, he spoke in a televised address released on his social media accounts. Puigdemont said his party would propose a pro-secession campaigner, Jordi Sanchez - currently in remand in a Madrid prison on charges of sedition - as an alternative candidate. Catalonia has been ruled directly from Madrid for the last four months since Rajoy invoked constitutional powers to take over government in the region. Puigdemont faces charges of sedition and rebellion in Spain and is likely to be arrested if he returns. Catalan parliamentary legal experts and the Spanish government rejected the notion of him governing from Brussels. The nomination of Sanchez is likely to be just as fraught with difficulty, given that he is in detention. Rajoy said on Thursday that a Catalan leader“must be chosen now who is in Spain... and who has no problems with the law”. His office added that Catalonia needed a leader“in place as soon as possible who is able to govern and take care of matters of importance to its citizens”. Lawyers on Thursday lodged a complaint against Spain on Puigdemont’s behalf with the United Nations Human Rights Council, the former leader said on Thursday, for violating the right of self-determination. Three Catalan independence leaders being held in pre-trial detention have already lodged a complaint against their imprisonment with a U.N. panel, hoping to exert pressure on Madrid to free them. Earlier on Thursday, the Catalan parliament had voted to support Puigdemont and reaffirm the validity of the independence referendum in a tense first session following December’s election. The motion, put forward by Puigdemont’s party, recognized the legitimacy of Puigdemont as leader of Catalonia while stressing the importance of forming an effective government in the region. However, it gave no clue as to how the region could move forward from a political impasse that has prevented the naming of a leader since the election. 
969253083103539201	2018-03-01 16:48:37	https://t.co/rjJnXYkI6f	Car bomb injures two in Iraqi Kurdish capital Erbil: security sources https://t.co/rjJnXYkI6f	 ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - Two people were injured in a car bombing in Erbil, security sources said on Thursday, a relatively rare attack in the capital of Iraq’s semi-autonomous Kurdistan region. The bomb appeared to target an official from the Democratic Party of Iranian Kurdistan (PDKI) in the Binislawa district of Erbil, sources said. The PDKI is an Iranian Kurdish armed opposition group fighting for greater autonomy for the Kurdish community in Iran. In a tweet, the PDKI said the official, one of its Peshmerga fighters, was severely injured along his son. 
969250946386669573	2018-03-01 16:40:08	https://t.co/4Gk7IYCVQZ	Nonprofits scramble to comply with new Google ad policy https://t.co/4Gk7IYCVQZ https://t.co/2dhbANFg9d	 SAN FRANCISCO(Reuters) - Thousands of nonprofit organizations could lose a monthly advertising grant from Alphabet Inc’s Google as soon as Thursday, cutting off an important source of traffic to their websites. Google gives $10,000 in credits each to 35,000 nonprofits worldwide every month to buy ads on its search engine. But Google found that some ads received few clicks and announced in December that it would stop funding groups that generate clicks off less than 5 percent of their ads in two consecutive months. Grant recipients called it a wake up call to pay attention to Google after years of focusing on social media marketing. But despite rushing to comply, several said they could not do so in only two months and that their accounts may not get funded for March. “We’re very grateful for the program,” said Conrad Contreras, communications manager for Greenlining Institute, an Oakland, Calif. social justice organization afraid of losing the funds.“But five percent in two months, it’s just unrealistic.” Organizations can seek reinstatement after demonstrating changes. The 15-year-old AdWords Ad Grants program did not previously have a click threshold. Advertisers list search terms such as“donate clothing” for which they would like their ads to appear. Perfecting phrases is key to garnering clicks. Google said it increased training this year, and that the average click rate among nonprofits in February was about 6 percent. Rates can range from around 2 percent to 12 percent among other advertisers. “We revised our Ad Grants policies to help nonprofits be more effective with AdWords and improve the quality of their ads, which will lead to targeted awareness of their projects and mission,” a Google statement to Reuters said. Greenlining hired a consultant that helped boost its click rate to 3.5 percent in February from 1 percent in December by concentrating spending on better performing ads and simplifying language in ads. Contreras said the ads are valuable because they drive ten times as many website visitors from Google as Greenlining would otherwise get. At the American Forest Foundation in Washington, D.C., communications director Elizabeth Greener said she recently began scouring news articles and industry websites to find phrases policymakers and corporate executives are likely looking up. Other tweaks have included ensuring searches for Christmas tree farms do not show the foundation’s ads. Still, clicks doubled from January to just 4 percent in February. Susheila Juggapah, digital content manager at London charity networking organization CharityComms, eliminated immediate risk of suspension by reaching 7 percent in January with help from digital marketing agency Montfort. But Juggapah expressed concern about smaller organizations. “I hope Google understands the limitations most charities face and is kind to those who cannot hit the requirements in time,” she said. 
969248453774766080	2018-03-01 16:30:13	https://t.co/5Q49BfkkKr	Norway's Telenor seeks salvation in the cloud https://t.co/5Q49BfkkKr https://t.co/e10gsiG3rK	 BARCELONA (Reuters) - Picture an old telephone exchange with operators connecting calls manually, add vast computing power by putting it on the Amazon cloud, and you have Working Group Two — a new platform for hosting‘virtual’ mobile networks. Spun out of, and backed by, Norway’s Telenor in collaboration with U.S. network gear giant Cisco Systems, the project amounts to a radical bet on reinventing the mobile operator model in order to save it. Mobile operators are under pressure as people switch to free messaging apps including Facebook’s WhatsApp and regulators crack down on revenue earners such as roaming fees. Achieving economies of scale by merging to spread the heavy cost of network investments is difficult too, because in most markets there is just a handful of players and anti-trust regulators would block further consolidation. “This really is us trying to disrupt ourselves,” Telenor CEO Sigve Brekke told Reuters in Barcelona, where the Working Group Two (WG2) project was unveiled at the Mobile World Congress this week. Telenor is stepping out of its comfort zone of hardware and networks, and into software development. Its goal: to beat Silicon Valley to the punch in creating a‘platform’ capable of hosting multiple virtual mobile networks. The platform model - on which social network Facebook and e-commerce giant Amazon are based - can be quickly ramped up, and once such a business achieves scale its ubiquity can soon drive competitors to the wall. “Let’s hope for Telenor they get a business case out of it,” said Danish industry analyst John Strand.“It may be better that Telenor cannibalizes itself than someone else doing it.” The move comes as Norway’s second-largest company, active in 12 countries across Europe and Asia, plans to cut 6,000 jobs and streamline operations in order to stay competitive. The idea emerged four years ago when the development team at Telenor figured out a way to send and receive mobile text messages from a computer, rather than a phone, on its Norwegian network. But when they found it impossible to adapt the solution to Telenor’s other networks, they realized they needed to solve a bigger problem, WG2’s chief technology officer, Werner Eriksen, told Reuters. They decided to tackle the issue of how applications‘talk’ to the network and within six months had built a first version of the solution that went on to became WG2. Telenor span out the project last September, bringing in a Cisco-backed investment fund. This week it announced that its own mobile virtual network operator (MVNO) in Sweden, Vimla, had become the first client of WG2. Breaking with Telenor’s hardware-centric legacy, the cloud-based approach has two big advantages, said WG2’s Chief Executive Officer Erlend Prestgard. First, the platform can be developed to run on top of multiple mobile virtual networks. Second, no up-front investment is needed to set up a new MVNO - an attraction for potential market entrants. “It’s‘pay as you grow’,” Prestgard, the only member of WG2’s dozen-strong team who isn’t an engineer, told Reuters in a demonstration at the Cisco stand in Barcelona. The platform’s standardized protocols make it easy to deploy customer-facing apps. WG2 features, for example, a product called Cisco Spark that allows users to switch between making a mobile phone call and full-scale online collaboration. Asked about prospects for follow-on sales for WG2, Telenor CEO Brekke was candid:“The short answer to that is I don’t know.” But, he said, Telenor considered it vital to challenge its own business model before others do so. “It’s test and fail,” he told Reuters.“The biggest news is our willingness to try out concepts that may disrupt our current legacy.” 
969246874199908352	2018-03-01 16:23:57	https://t.co/LGCJTwAJdu	Italy's center-right leaders in show of unity ahead of election https://t.co/LGCJTwAJdu	 ROME (Reuters) - Former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi and fellow leaders of his center-right alliance made their first, and only, joint appearance on Thursday in an effort to project an image of unity ahead of the March 4 election. Opponents say their failure to share a stage earlier in the campaign, which kicked off in January, shows they are deeply divided, but Berlusconi said they were in regular touch behind the scenes and ready to govern. “At this point we can tell you that we are relatively satisfied with how the campaign has gone,” Berlusconi said, sitting between Matteo Salvini, head of the far-right League, and Giorgia Meloni, head of the nationalist Brothers of Italy. Before a blackout was imposed on new opinion polls two weeks ago, the center-right alliance was seen winning around 36 percent of the vote, a score that would give it more seats than any other bloc, but falling short of an absolute majority. Italy has a long history of finding a way out of apparently intractable political stalemate and newspaper commentators have speculated that in the event of a hung parliament, Berlusconi would seek a broad coalition with the center-left. However, the billionaire businessman, who cannot be prime minister in a future government because of a 2013 tax fraud conviction, emphatically ruled this out on Thursday. “We have all, each one of us, made an absolute pledge to reject coalitions ... with other parties, even if we don’t achieve a majority on our own,” said the 81-year-old Berlusconi, referring to his disparate allies. “Since this is a commitment that we made during the election campaign, we will stick to it because we all agree that the most important moral thing in politics is to maintain pledges made to voters during the campaign.” Berlusconi and Salvini have agreed that in the case of outright victory, whichever of their respective parties wins most votes will decide who should be prime minister. On Thursday, it was clear who was in command, with Berlusconi acting as ring master. At one point he reached over and wiped Salvini’s brow after the League leader said he had covered 15,000 km (9,300 miles) on the campaign trail. Salvini has pushed an anti-immigrant, anti-European message at his rallies, presenting a much more extremist image than the urbane Berlusconi, who has portrayed himself as a moderate. “Some people say they want more Europe, I say there should be more Italy,” said Salvini, who wants Italy to quit the euro currency as soon as it is politically feasible. Critics say the alliance would be unable to hold together in government given their different policy positions. “The center-right in Italy is fake news. It is just a mishmash,” Matteo Orfini, president of the ruling center-left Democratic Party, told Huffington Post on Thursday. The Democratic Party, led by former prime minister Matteo Renzi, is expected to come third on Sunday, with the center-right leading the field and the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement coming second. 
969246873453293568	2018-03-01 16:23:57	https://t.co/pKTExpmwzx	Juncker tells Western Balkans: EU membership is yours, but reforms vital https://t.co/pKTExpmwzx	 SOFIA (Reuters) - The EU’s chief executive on Thursday told the six Western Balkan countries that future membership of the bloc was theirs to secure, but toughened a message that reforms were more important than timelines. Wrapping up his first tour of the region as Commission president, Jean-Claude Juncker sought to show Serbia, Montenegro, Macedonia, Albania, Kosovo and Bosnia that the bloc was serious about integrating them, starting from 2025. “Accession is not a dream but a reality, a reality that is going to come,” Juncker told reporters in Sofia after joining the region’s heads of state for a final meeting that followed a trip through each country. EU leaders will endorse the EU’s 2025 goal, potentially the accession date for Serbia and Montenegro, at a Western Balkans summit in May in Sofia. “But more importance needs to be paid to the substance than the calendar,” Juncker said, touching on wider concerns. Some EU governments are wary of letting in countries still scarred by wars fought along ethnic lines in the 1990s and dogged by a reputation for lawlessness. They are also anxious not to repeat what they believe was the rushed accession of Romania and Bulgaria in 2007 and the poorly managed migration of eastern European workers to Britain that turned many Britons against the EU. Still, Brussels wants to reclaim the Western Balkans as its own. Concerns about Russia’s assertiveness on its borders have grown since its annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea region in 2014, and were exacerbated in the Balkans after Montenegro accused Moscow of supporting a failed coup in 2016. Meanwhile, Chinese investment in the region, though welcomed by governments, is seen as undermining standards because it does not come with the same stringent requirements as EU aid. Echoing earlier comments, Juncker said the candidates must root out graft and organized crime and end all bilateral territorial conflicts before they can accede to the bloc. The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development has said that if the Western Balkan countries did not speed up reforms, it could take them many generations to catch up with living standards of EU states. Albania and Montenegro are already members of NATO while Macedonia is likely to be offered the chance to join the U.S-led alliance, often seen as a springboard to EU membership, if it can overcome a dispute over its name with Greece. Underlining the renewed focus on the region, Juncker said:“I will be returning to Brussels with the conviction, which I already have in fact, that the place of the Western Balkans is at the heart of the European Union.” 
969239648584204288	2018-03-01 15:55:14	https://t.co/lryf8iMtyp	Venezuela police enter home of imprisoned opposition leader Lopez: wife https://t.co/lryf8iMtyp	 CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuelan intelligence agents have entered the home of opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez, who is under house arrest for leading protests against President Nicolas Maduro, Lopez’s wife said on Twitter on Thursday. The arrival of agents of the Sebin came hours after the New York Times published a story in which Lopez described how security forces have sought to prevent him from speaking with reporters. “Sebin has entered our house and they remain here,” Lilian Tintori tweeted.“It is illegal and inhumane for Sebin to be inside our home with weapons, in the presence of our three children.” The office of the vice presidency, which oversees Sebin, did not answer calls seeking confirmation and the Information Ministry did not respond to an email seeking comment. Lopez is the best-known of dozens of imprisoned opposition activists and leaders accused by Maduro of seeking to overthrow his government through street protests in 2014 and 2017. He was arrested in 2014 and convicted of having incited protests against Maduro, who describes Lopez as“monster” responsible for dozens of deaths in demonstrations. Lopez was granted house arrest in July. After calling on citizens to continue protests against Maduro in an internet video, he was taken back to jail in August but returned several days later to house arrest. Opposition leaders and critics around the world have slammed the case against him as a sham and described the trial as a mockery of justice. In 2015, one of the prosecutors who led the case said the conviction had been unfair and that he had been under constant pressure from superiors. Former Chief Prosecutor Luisa Ortega, who was sacked last year, said in February she had been pressured about the case by high-ranking Socialist Party officials. 
969237177556262914	2018-03-01 15:45:25	https://t.co/U0sob62kIk	Trump cyber nominee: Russia, China don't expect 'much' U.S. response to cyber attacks https://t.co/U0sob62kIk	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Lieutenant General Paul Nakasone, President Donald Trump’s nominee to lead the U.S. Cyber Command, said on Thursday he did not think Russia, China and other countries expected much of a response from the United States to cyber attacks. “They don’t think much will happen,” Nakasone said when questioned by Republican Senator Dan Sullivan at his confirmation hearing to be director of the National Security Agency and commander of the military’s U.S. Cyber Command. “We seem to be the cyber punching bag of the world,” Sullivan said during the Senate Armed Services Committee hearing. Nakasone’s hearing came two days after his retiring predecessor, Admiral Mike Rogers, told the same panel that Trump had not granted him the authority to disrupt Russian election-hacking operations. Nakasone, who served as chief of the U.S. Army’s Cyber Command since late 2016, said responsibility for developing a“whole of government” response to cyber attacks lay with the Trump administration, although he would present the Republican president with options. U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that Russia interfered in the 2016 presidential campaign using hacking and propaganda, an effort that eventually included attempting to tilt the election in Trump’s favor. Russia denies interfering. U.S. intelligence leaders more recently have warned that Moscow is trying to disrupt this year’s midterm elections, with Trump’s fellow Republicans seeking to retain control of Congress. When questioned by another Republican, Senator Ben Sasse, Nakasone said he did not think countries behind cyber attacks had seen enough of a U.S. response to deter them. “Our adversaries have not seen our response in sufficient detail to change their behavior,” Nakasone said. Nakasone also said he had not come to an opinion on whether the NSA and Cyber Command should be separated. They have been combined since the cyber operation was created in 2009, but there has been debate recently over whether they would be more effective as separate entities. Opponents of the idea said it is essential that they work closely together against a growing threat. Nakasone, who is expected to win confirmation in the Senate, said he would make a recommendation to Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis and Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats on that issue within 90 days of assuming the position. Nakasone, 54, previously served as deputy commanding general of U.S. Cyber Command as well as a staff officer for General Keith Alexander, the first head of Cyber Command and the head of the NSA from 2005 to 2014. 
969235834703679489	2018-03-01 15:40:05	https://t.co/pIJGjBhphk	EU piles pressure on internet giants to remove extremist content https://t.co/pIJGjBhphk https://t.co/Huee0Hoyyu	 BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Google, YouTube, Facebook, Twitter and other internet companies must show the European Union within three months that they are removing extremist content more rapidly or face legislation forcing them to do so. Several governments have increased pressure on social media companies to do more to remove illegal content — from material related to groups such as Islamic state and incitement to commit atrocities — and the sector has increased efforts to demonstrate its progress. But in its strongest call yet to the technology sector the European Commission on Thursday recommended measures that internet platforms should take to stop the proliferation of extremist content, including the removal of such material within an hour of being notified of its existence. European governments have said that extremist content on the web has influenced lone-wolf attackers who have killed people in several European cities after being radicalized. “While several platforms have been removing more illegal content than ever before ... we still need to react faster against terrorist propaganda and other illegal content which is a serious threat to our citizens’ security, safety and fundamental rights,” Digital Commissioner Andrus Ansip said in Thursday’s statement. European online trade association EDiMA, whose members include Google, Facebook and Twitter, said it was dismayed the Commission had not first chosen to engage in dialogue. A one-hour turn-around time might also not be workable, it said. The recommendation, which is non-binding but could be taken into account by European courts, sets guidelines on how companies should remove illegal content generally — from copyright infringements to hate speech — and advises a quicker reaction to extremist material. The Commission said it would assess the need for legislation within three months for what it described as“terrorist content”, given the urgency of the issue. For all other types of illegal content it will assess progress made within six months. It also called on the technology sector, which is dominated by U.S. companies, to adopt proactive measures such as automated detection to rid their platforms of illegal content. Campaign group the Counter Extremism Project said the Commission’s proposal was welcome but did not tackle two issues - how to make automated technology widely available and how to stop extremists uploading again content that had been removed. European Digital Rights, a civil rights group, described the Commission’s approach as putting internet giants in charge of censoring Europe. Only legislation would ensure democratic scrutiny and judicial review. Luxury groups, meanwhile, welcomed the Commission’s move saying action by online platforms is also necessary to fight the sale of counterfeit goods online. “Proactive measures coupled with good consumer information is the only way to effectively deal with illegal content online,” said Toni Belloni, group managing director of LVMH. 
969233353537982464	2018-03-01 15:30:13	https://t.co/fbWhP1VOI4	Trump says U.S. steel, aluminum sectors need 'free, fair' trade https://t.co/fbWhP1VOI4 https://t.co/gzu0aXclw4	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday the United States would impose tariffs of 25 percent on steel imports and 10 percent on imported aluminum next week. At a meeting with U.S. industry officials at the White House, Trump vowed to rebuild American steel and aluminum industries, saying they had been treaded unfairly by other countries for decades. The move is likely to increase tensions with China, whose top trade official Lui He is in Washington for trade talks. An early morning tweet from Trump that said the steel and aluminum sectors needed protecting from unfair trade drove shares in domestic industries sharply higher. AK Steel Holding (AKS.N) was up 2.8 percent, U.S. Steel Corp (X.N) was up 2.3 percent and Nucor (NUE.N) rose 1 percent. By contrast, industrial stocks such as Boeing fell, with traders citing tariffs, which would hit manufacturers. The administration says duties would protect U.S. industry, but critics say they would raise costs for industry and fail to deliver on a campaign pledge to boost domestic jobs. Trump tweeted on Thursday that American steel and aluminum companies needed“free, fair and smart trade”. Trump has indicated he favors a duty of 24 percent on steel imports. The administration has also cited national security interests for its action, saying the United States needs domestic supply for its tanks and warships. The Department of Defense has recommended targeted steel tariffs and a delay in aluminum duties. Although China only accounts for two percent of U.S. steel imports, its massive industry expansion has helped produce a global glut of steel that has driven down prices. China has indicated it could retaliate against U.S. steel tariffs by targeting imports of U.S. agricultural commodities, such as soybeans of which America is the largest supplier. Trade tensions between the United States and China have risen since Trump took office in 2017 and the administration is also pushing on what it regards as forced technology transfers to China. Shares of Asian steel producers such as South Korea’s POSCO (005490.KS) and Nippon Steel (5401.T) fell overnight. While American steelmakers have lost three quarters of their jobs between 1962 and 2005, a major study by the American Economic Association showed that much of this had been due to improved production technology as output per worker rose fivefold. “Thus, even if trade protection leads to increased domestic production, increases in employment may be far less than many hope,” a report from the highly-regarded independent Econofact economist network said last week. Consumers of steel and aluminum have lobbied hard against the tariffs. Econofact said in its report that two million jobs were in industries that use steel“intensively”, including auto parts, household appliances, farm machinery and oil equipment. Jobs in the consuming industries are concentrated in California, Texas, the Northeastern and Midwestern states that comprise the rust belt and states in the Southeast. “Across many states, the number of jobs adversely affected in these steel-using industries could far exceed any steel jobs saved,” Econofact warned. “Past experience also shows that unilateral action like Section 232 tariffs will invite retaliation — the Bush-era steel tariffs led many countries to target politically sensitive U.S. exports like Florida oranges and North Carolina textiles.” 
969229912228888577	2018-03-01 15:16:33	https://t.co/0nI1LAWeO0	South Korea's Moon tells Trump of plan to send envoy to North Korea https://t.co/0nI1LAWeO0	 SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea plans to send a special envoy to North Korea in response to an invitation from leader Kim Jong Un, South Korean President Moon Jae-in told his U.S. counterpart Donald Trump in a phone call on Thursday. The two presidents discussed recent visits to the south by high-level North Korean officials, the South Korean presidential Blue House said in a statement. The Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang last month gave a boost to recent engagement between the two Koreas after more than a year of sharply rising tensions over the North’s missile program and its sixth and largest nuclear test in defiance of U.N. sanctions. “(Moon and Trump) agreed to continue to make efforts to head toward the Korean peninsula’s denuclearisation by maintaining the momentum of South-North dialogue,” the Blue House statement said. In Washington, a White House statement on the two leaders’ call said Moon briefed Trump“on developments regarding North Korea and inter-Korean talks” but did not elaborate. “The president wants to continue working with South Korea. It’s a strong ally. We have no daylight between the two of us. We’re going to continue those conversations,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters later in the day. “The ultimate goal is to denuclearize the peninsula. That’s what we’re focused on and we’re excited about any steps moving forward in that process.” In sending an envoy to Pyongyang, Moon said he would be seeking to reciprocate for the senior delegations dispatched to the Olympics by Kim Jong Un, including his sister, Kim Yo Jong, the first visit by a member of the North’s ruling bloodline since the 1950-53 Korean War. Senior officials from Pyongyang visiting South Korea for the Olympics said on Sunday their government was open to talks with the United States, while the White House said any talks with North Korea must lead to an end to its nuclear program. Moon has urged North Korea and the United States to talk to resolve the issue of Pyongyang’s weapons program, which Kim has said he will never abandon. In the latest attempt to defuse the crisis over North Korea’s weapons program, Seoul urged Washington and Pyongyang to give ground to allow for talks. “Both leaders agreed to continue close consultations on the progress of South-North Korea dialogue that will go on,” the statement said. 
969229912207953920	2018-03-01 15:16:33	https://t.co/fvgT10PRtt	Kazakhstan says Russian not banned from government after all https://t.co/fvgT10PRtt	 ALMATY (Reuters) - Kazakhstan will allow cabinet and parliament members to speak Russian, the Central Asian nation’s government said on Thursday, softening the tone of an earlier statement by President Nursultan Nazarbayev who had ordered a switch to Kazakh. Language is a sensitive issue in the oil-rich former Soviet republic of 18 million, where ethnic Russians make up a fifth of the population and many ethnic Kazakhs, including senior officials, also speak Russian more fluently than Kazakh. Nazarbayev, 77, is fluent in both languages and has routinely switched back and forth between them in his speeches as president, a post he has held since the 1991 declaration of independence. Members of Kazakhstan’s cabinet and parliament have usually spoken whichever language they were more fluent in during public meetings, although it has become customary among government ministers to at least open their speeches in Kazakh. On Monday, however, Nazarbayev’s office said in a statement he had instructed ministers and deputies to only use Kazakh in their work - while providing simultaneous translation to those not fluent in it. The following day, all but one cabinet members spoke exclusively Kazakh at a weekly meeting which was broadcast live. But later this week, senior officials, including Nazarbayev’s daughter Dariga, who is a deputy of the upper house of parliament, said his instructions had been misinterpreted and were not an outright ban on the use of Russian. “No one has banned the Russian language, and this is unlikely to ever happen,” she was quoted as saying by privately owned news website Tengrinews. Nazarbayev’s office has also amended its statement, dropping the world“only” from the phrase in which he ordered government business to be“carried out only in the state language”. “...It is clear that there is no ban on speaking Russian in parliament and government,” Talgat Zhumagulov, chairman of the International Information Committee at Kazakhstan’s foreign ministry, told Reuters in an email. While there has been no noticeable negative public reaction to Nazarbayev’s instructions in Kazakhstan - many Kazakh-speakers welcomed them - some media in Russia criticized the move as infringing on the rights of ethnic Russians. “This is silent de-Russification,” the daily Komsomolskaya Pravda newspaper wrote this week, referring to the policy of severing links with Moscow, which has been implemented by many ex-Soviet republics after independence. The newspaper also asked a Russian political commentator if Kazakhstan could follow the path of Ukraine - whose stand-off with Russia has led to loss of territory and fighting between the army and armed separatists. Kazakhstan maintains close ties with its former Soviet overlord and main trading partner, but is also on good terms with the West and China. 
969227792029245441	2018-03-01 15:08:07	https://t.co/mNylAZwp1s	Morning Briefing: Gun church blessings, Hope Hicks' resignation and Spotify's IPO filing https://t.co/mNylAZwp1s Su… https://t.co/HENHALV5ZT	 Good morning. From gun church blessings to gung-ho drugmakers racing to get ahead on the big data analytics curve, here’s all the news you need to start your day. For all the news you need to start your day, subscribe to the News Now newsletter. The best of Reuters news delivered right into your email box absolutely free. Highlights Hundreds of couples toting AR-15 rifles, some wreathed in crowns made of bullets, packed a Unification church in Pennsylvania yesterday to have their marriages blessed and their weapons celebrated as “rods of iron” that could have saved lives in a recent Florida school shooting. The massacre has reopened a fierce debate over gun control in America, prompting Walmart and Dick’s Sporting Goods to raise the minimum age to purchase firearms to 21 and Trump to buck Republican Party orthodoxy and endorse restrictions on gun sales. Hope Hicks, one of Trump’s longest-serving and most trusted aides, is resigning from her job as White House communications director. The White House announced Hicks was leaving a day after she spent nine hours in a closed hearing of the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee on its Russia probe. Trump will gather rivals today from the oil and corn industries for the second time this week as the administration seeks elusive common ground on reforms to the nation’s controversial biofuels law. In addition, the White House will host several top U.S. steel and aluminum executives for what could be a major trade announcement, according to two people familiar with the meeting. World At Pakistan's painful birth in 1947, the ensuing chaos meant little attention was paid to the architecture of British colonial rulers that influenced the country's biggest city, Karachi. More than 70 years later, many architectural gems are either crumbling or under threat from real estate developers in Pakistan's commercial capital which is mushrooming into a mega-city. A witness in the case of two Reuters reporters jailed in Myanmar told a courtroom that he wrote notes on his hand about where the pair were arrested to jog his memory. The location of the arrests has emerged as a key point of contention in the proceedings to decide whether Wa Lone, 31, and Kyaw Soe Oo, 27, will be charged under the colonial-era Official Secrets Act, which carries a maximum penalty of 14 years in prison. Donald Tusk defended an EU plan to control Northern Ireland’s trade regulation after Brexit which has angered the British, saying he would ask Prime Minister Theresa May today if she had any better idea. Commentary Investors' fears that populist forces will win Italy's election are misplaced, writes Paul Wallace in a column on the real reason to worry about the March 4 vote. Business Drugmakers are racing to scoop up patient health records and strike deals with technology companies as big data analytics start to unlock a trove of information about how medicines perform in the real world. Music streaming service Spotify filed for a direct listing of its shares, laying out financial data for the first time that cheered some analysts but led others to question how it could turn a profit from its growing subscriber base. Sky, the European pay-TV group at the center of a fierce takeover battle, said it would add online video service Netflix to a new TV bundle, bringing drama like “The Crown” to its sport and entertainment offer for the first time. Reuters TV A racially motivated attack and a growing backlash against migrants have put race at the heart of Italy’s election campaign. Many fear not only hard-right, but also small fascist groups, are on the rise. 
969225527490904067	2018-03-01 14:59:07	https://t.co/LvdwYWupA1	EU court says Adidas may defend its three stripes design https://t.co/LvdwYWupA1 https://t.co/9mXnWzd91D	 FRANKFURT (Reuters) - A European court said that German sporting goods maker Adidas (ADSGn.DE) may oppose the registration of two parallel stripes on shoes as an EU trademark, affirming earlier decisions by the European Union Intellectual Property Office (EUIPO). Adidas had opposed Belgian company Shoe Branding Europe’s application for two EU trademarks for two parallel stripes on shoes as it was too similar to its own iconic three-stripe design. The EUIPO refused registration in separate decisions in 2015 and 2016. The Luxembourg-based General Court, Europe’s second-highest, on Thursday affirmed the EUIPO’s decisions, saying that the design Shoe Branding had proposed would take unfair advantage of Adidas’ reputation and that it had not demonstrated due cause for its use. 
969224477937668096	2018-03-01 14:54:57	https://t.co/e08cgVTR7T	EU's negotiator says Britain can only get a free-trade deal now https://t.co/e08cgVTR7T	 BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union’s Brexit negotiator said on Thursday that London’s stance on its future ties with the bloc only left a free trade agreement as an option. Michel Barnier’s speech at a seminar in Brussels comes as the EU is piling pressure on Britain over slow Brexit talks, warning it on citizens’ rights, the Irish border and stressing that a post-Brexit transition period is not a done deal. “The UK is closing the doors on itself one by one and the only possible model which remains is that of the free trade agreement, as we did recently with Canada, Japan or Korea,” Barnier said. “It is always possible to choose a more ambitious model and stay in a customs union with the European Union but it would imply a balance of rights and obligations,” he said. Barnier stressed the EU would not compromise on what it sees as its basic principles - the integrity of its single market and the free movement of goods and people, among others. He also warned that business would only be sure of any post-Brexit transition once Britain’s EU withdrawal treaty was ratified early next year, in time for the country to leave the bloc in March 2019. “The future of our union is much more important that the Brexit,” Barnier said. 
969220740015968257	2018-03-01 14:40:06	https://t.co/GB31kukFPZ	Equifax identifies additional 2.4 million customers hit by data breach https://t.co/GB31kukFPZ https://t.co/HDOxwIBIK9	 (Reuters) - Equifax Inc (EFX.N) on Thursday reported quarterly results ahead of Wall Street forecasts, even as the consumer credit agency posted $26.5 million in costs related to last year’s massive data breach. The company posted quarterly per-share profit of $1.39, beating the average analyst forecast of $1.35, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Revenue rose 5 percent from a year earlier to $838.5 million, beating the average forecast of $825.7 million. Equifax disclosed earlier on Thursday that it had discovered an additional 2.4 million U.S. consumers were affected by the cyber attack, bringing the total number of people whose data was compromised to more than 147 million. Executives are scheduled to discuss the results and investigation into the data breach during a conference call with analysts early on Friday. The newly identified victims had their names and partial driver’s license information stolen, though hackers did not obtain their Social Security numbers, Equifax said in a statement. The company said it has so far recorded breach-related expenses of $114 million, net of insurance recoveries. The cyber attack, which was first disclosed in September, has triggered investigations by governments around the world, lawsuits and the departure of several Equifax executives.. Thursday’s disclosure of additional victims drew criticism from some politicians and consumer advocates. The U.S. Senate’s Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation plans to obtain more information on the newly identified victims, said the group’s chairman, Republican John Thune. “The company should have acted sooner to mitigate the impact on these additional affected consumers,” Thune said in a statement.“Equifax needs to put consumers first and shouldn’t be trying to clean up its mess in a piecemeal fashion.” Equifax said it would contact the newly identified breach victims and offer them free identity theft protection and credit monitoring services. The company’s shares fell 1.3 percent at $111.50 in New York Stock Exchange trade that closed before the results were released. That was in line with a decline in U.S. stocks. 
969220048819810306	2018-03-01 14:37:21	https://t.co/vILJ6yKvZs	Ukraine will adopt final version of anti-corruption court law this spring: president https://t.co/vILJ6yKvZs	 KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko on Thursday said he believed a draft law to create an anti-corruption court would be approved in its final reading by parliament in the spring. “The law should be definitively approved in the spring,” he said in a televised speech. 
969218260737642497	2018-03-01 14:30:15	https://t.co/c8vddl6gov	In Italian election campaign, Facebook, Twitter replace posters, piazzas https://t.co/c8vddl6gov https://t.co/m2znAz3FRa	 ROME (Reuters) - The Italian election campaign is different from those of years past when the streets were lined with political posters and leaders rallied voters up and down the country. The placards are few and far between and the only large rallies were held during the final week of the campaign for the March 4 vote. But in the virtual world, Facebook and other social media are full of political content. Italian parties are harnessing social media to speak to voters, especially young ones, in part because they are strapped for cash. For the first time there will be no public refund to parties for their campaign spending and social media offers affordable ways to reach voters in a largely unregulated forum. “The balance sheets of the parties range from disastrous to terrifying,” said Vincenzo Smaldore, the chief content editor for Openpolis, an online group whose mission is to provide transparency in politics and public affairs. In terms of regulation“social media are virgin territory for political campaigns,” he said. Five years ago, when the 5-Star Movement stormed into parliament for the first time with almost a quarter of the vote, it was the only party to leverage social media. Not any more. “In this election campaign, there’s been an almost total shift to social media,” said Pietro Raffa, who runs online content for politicians and parties as a partner with communications consultancy MR & Associati in Milan. The Internet has surpassed radio as a source of information, Italy’s media watchdog Agcom said in a report last month. While TV remains the top source of information and candidates make daily appearances on talk shows, almost 42 percent of Italians consult the Internet every day, with social media and search engines their main focus. The rapid increase in Internet usage has outpaced lawmakers and regulators and begun to polarize political discourse. “There’s an echo chamber effect, which is problematic when the objective is to ensure citizens have media pluralism,” said Antonio Nicita, a commissioner at Agcom. The far-right League, which has one of the strongest social media presences of the parties, tweets or posts media reports of crimes committed by foreigners daily. The party, part of a center-right coalition that opinion polls show leading but falling short of an absolute majority, uses“Italians First” as its slogan, seeking to capitalize on fears tied to the arrival of more than 600,000 boat migrants over the past four years. Amnesty International is monitoring Facebook and Twitter for offensive statements by Italian party leaders and candidates. In the 10 days to Feb. 20, half of all statements it thought fell into this category came from the League, while the rest came mostly from the other two center-right parties, it said. The monitoring revealed discourse“dripping with hostility, racism and xenophobia,” Amnesty said in a report. League leader Matteo Salvini denied the accusation and said he wanted to meet Amnesty to discuss it. Democratic Party (PD) leader Matteo Renzi has lamented the danger of online disinformation. Even Pope Francis warned in January that fake news was“satanic”, condemning the“manipulative use of social networks”. The postal police, which has jurisdiction over the Internet, has a button on its homepage for readers to flag fake news. In a little over a month, police have identified about three cases of disinformation per day, newspaper Corriere della Sera said on Wednesday. “The obsession with fake news has been exaggerated in Italy,” said Juan Carlos de Martin, co-director of the Nexa Center for Internet & Society at the Polytechnical University of Turin. In the absence of specific laws, Agcom invited social media companies to regulate themselves during the campaign. Facebook and Google are taking part, while Twitter has not responded, Nicita said. “If self-regulation works, then I can tell the legislator there’s no need for new rules,” Nicita said.“If not, I’ll have to ask for new powers.” One initiative is Facebook’s partnership with online fact-checker, Pagella Politica, to review articles posted in the news feed for accuracy. Third-party groups are also pitching in. Openpolis is monitoring political adverts on Facebook and posting details about who is targeted. For example, the far-right Brothers of Italy party sent adverts to people who had shown an interest in the military police. “People have little knowledge about how they are targeted by ads on Facebook,” Smaldore said. In a written response to questions, Facebook said it was providing more transparency in Canada about who places political adverts and what else they are running, with plans to extend this globally“eventually”. A group of Italian digital experts has launched an online observatory, Oohmm, to monitor social media, mainly Twitter. “Everyday we monitor 50,000 to 100,000 automated tweets related to the campaign,” said Renato Gabriele, one of the founders of Oohmm. “All the bot accounts pretend to be normal people, but they aren’t, and they amplify the message,” Gabriele said.“It’s like paying people to go to a rally in piazza and cheer for you.” 
969217924199264256	2018-03-01 14:28:54	https://t.co/syVONGEIAC	Armenia scraps deal with Turkey designed to normalize relations https://t.co/syVONGEIAC	 YEREVAN (Reuters) - Armenia has scrapped a peace agreement it signed with Turkey in 2009 in a failed attempt to normalize relations between the two countries, the Armenian president’s press service said on Thursday. Armenia and Turkey signed the landmark peace accord to restore ties and open their shared border after a century of hostility stemming from the World War One mass killing of Armenians by Ottoman forces. The deal needed parliamentary approval in both countries, but was never ratified, and the Armenian and Turkish governments have since accused each other of trying to change the deal. “As a result of discussions, President (Serzh) Sarksyan signed a decree and a national security council approved a procedure of annulling protocols which have been signed on October 10, 2009,” the press service said in a statement. The press service quoted Sarksyan as saying that Armenia did everything“not to leave the burden of the settlement of relations between Armenia and Turkey on the shoulders of future generations.” “But Ankara ... did not even make a single step towards ratification and implementation of protocols, but also left no doubt that it was not intending to do it,” Sarksyan said. He added that Armenia was ready to cooperate with Turkey in the future, if“there would be the same willingness from the Turkish side.” There was no immediate reaction from Turkey. Armenia suspended its ratification following Turkish demands that it first reach terms over a breakaway Nagorno-Karabakh region, a condition Turkey set to appease its ally Azerbaijan. Azerbaijan feared it would lose leverage in negotiations to win back Nagorno-Karabakh, which it lost to Armenian-backed forces in the bloodiest of the ethnic conflicts which followed the 1991 collapse of the Soviet Union. Armenian President Sarksyan also faced vehement opposition from nationalists at home and the powerful Armenian diaspora abroad. “The leadership of Turkey are mistaken if they think that those documents can be held hostage forever and ratified only at the most opportune occasion from their very point of view,” Sarksyan said in a speech at the United Nation’s General Assembly last autumn. 
969216851745132544	2018-03-01 14:24:39	https://t.co/EIxHVDNJbZ	South Korea's Moon speaks by phone with Trump: Blue House https://t.co/EIxHVDNJbZ	 SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea plans to send a special envoy to North Korea in response to an invitation from leader Kim Jong Un, South Korean President Moon Jae-in told his U.S. counterpart Donald Trump in a phone call on Thursday. The two presidents discussed recent visits to the south by high-level North Korean officials, the South Korean presidential Blue House said in a statement. The Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang last month gave a boost to recent engagement between the two Koreas after more than a year of sharply rising tensions over the North’s missile program and its sixth and largest nuclear test in defiance of U.N. sanctions. “(Moon and Trump) agreed to continue to make efforts to head toward the Korean peninsula’s denuclearisation by maintaining the momentum of South-North dialogue,” the Blue House statement said. In Washington, a White House statement on the two leaders’ call said Moon briefed Trump“on developments regarding North Korea and inter-Korean talks” but did not elaborate. “The president wants to continue working with South Korea. It’s a strong ally. We have no daylight between the two of us. We’re going to continue those conversations,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters later in the day. “The ultimate goal is to denuclearize the peninsula. That’s what we’re focused on and we’re excited about any steps moving forward in that process.” In sending an envoy to Pyongyang, Moon said he would be seeking to reciprocate for the senior delegations dispatched to the Olympics by Kim Jong Un, including his sister, Kim Yo Jong, the first visit by a member of the North’s ruling bloodline since the 1950-53 Korean War. Senior officials from Pyongyang visiting South Korea for the Olympics said on Sunday their government was open to talks with the United States, while the White House said any talks with North Korea must lead to an end to its nuclear program. Moon has urged North Korea and the United States to talk to resolve the issue of Pyongyang’s weapons program, which Kim has said he will never abandon. In the latest attempt to defuse the crisis over North Korea’s weapons program, Seoul urged Washington and Pyongyang to give ground to allow for talks. “Both leaders agreed to continue close consultations on the progress of South-North Korea dialogue that will go on,” the statement said. 
969213239346253824	2018-03-01 14:10:18	https://t.co/QpJUxxK9bm	U.N. says Russia's eastern Ghouta aid plan not enough https://t.co/QpJUxxK9bm	 GENEVA (Reuters) - A Russian plan for a five-hour pause in fighting in Syria’s eastern Ghouta needs to be expanded to allow aid deliveries to enter and civilians and urgent medical cases to leave, United Nations officials said on Thursday. In one of the fiercest onslaughts of Syria’s seven-year civil war, hundreds of people have died in 11 days of bombing of eastern Ghouta, a swathe of towns and farms outside Damascus that is the last major rebel-controlled area near the capital. The Syrian army and its allies launched ground assaults on the edge of eastern Ghouta on Thursday, backed by a bombardment the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said killed 11 people. “You are failing to help us help civilians in Syria,” U.N. humanitarian adviser Jan Egeland told diplomats from 23 states attending a weekly meeting in Geneva. “Eastern Ghouta is devoid of respect for international law.” Some 400,000 people trapped in government-besieged eastern Ghouta need life-saving aid, and the only convoy allowed so far this year was a small one in mid-February with aid for just 7,200 people, Egeland said. U.N. satellite analysis has shown significant damage across much of eastern Ghouta since Dec. 3, though the enclave has been subjected to regular bombardment throughout the conflict. Russia, a strong ally of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, has called for daily five-hour local ceasefires to establish what it calls a humanitarian corridor so aid can enter the enclave and civilians and wounded can leave. But the first such truce on Tuesday quickly collapsed when bombing and shelling resumed after a short lull. “We were not involved in the talks that led to the declaration of a five-hour pause. And if we had been we would say that it is not enough,” Egeland said. Egeland said a“two-way” humanitarian corridor was needed, with several convoys each week into eastern Ghouta, while 1,000 priority medical cases must be evacuated for treatment. “I have to say I know no humanitarian actor... who thinks the five hours is enough for us to be able to deliver relief into eastern Ghouta and to organize orderly medical evacuations out,” he said of the Russian unilateral declaration. Moscow, which says the rebel groups based in eastern Ghouta are terrorists and not covered by the U.N. resolution, said they had stopped people leaving by attacking a safe route out of the enclave. The rebel groups, which have said they would accept a full ceasefire, deny preventing civilians leaving the area. They say people fear arrest or conscription despite Russia’s pledges that any who surrender to the Syrian government would be safe. Assad’s other major ally, Iran, said it would continue to support his war effort. Tehran has deployed an alliance of Shi’ite militia in Syria since early in the conflict. “The enemies cannot do a damn thing if we fulfill our duty,” Iran’s Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei was quoted by state television as saying. “Iran will continue to support the Syrian government.” During Thursday’s meeting of the humanitarian taskforce in Geneva, the United Nations received notice that it may get permission from Damascus to go to Douma in eastern Ghouta. “We have 43 trucks standing by to go there and full warehouses to load into the trucks as soon as we get the permit,” Egeland said. U.N. Syria envoy Staffan de Mistura told reporters the world body would not give up seeking a full 30-day ceasefire, as mandated by the U.N. Security Council last Saturday. “We are determined because otherwise this becomes the copycat of Aleppo,” de Mistura said, referring to a battle for besieged rebel-held eastern Aleppo in late 2016. Ghanem Tayara, chairman of the Union of Medical Care and Relief Organisations (UOSSM) working in Syria, said some 1,123 patients needed evacuation from eastern Ghouta, where two hospitals had been bombed since Saturday’s resolution. “That means these people will die during the next few days if we don’t take them out. They need intensive care units. We don’t have them.” 
969210996379316224	2018-03-01 14:01:23	https://t.co/soVsJrVKsQ	Slovak police detain seven in investigation into journalist's murder https://t.co/soVsJrVKsQ	 PRAGUE (Reuters) - Slovak police detained seven people on Thursday in a probe into the murder of an investigative journalist and his girlfriend, chief of police Tibor Gaspar said. The murder of Jan Kuciak, whose reporting focused primarily links between businessmen and top Slovak politicians, was the first of a journalist in the country. Kuciak and Martina Kusnirova, both 27, were found shot dead in their house north-east of Bratislava last weekend. The murder prompted demands from Prime Minister Robert Fico’s coalition partners for the resignation of senior officials, throwing the stability of his cabinet into doubt. Police raided seven locations in eastern Slovakia, Gaspar said on TA3 television. He identified the detainees by their first names and initials and some of these appeared to match names of Italian businesspeople who were the focus of Kuciak’s final report for news website aktuality.sk. “They have been detained with the prosecutor’s agreement as suspects,” Gaspar said. Gaspar said in an earlier televised appearance the raids were connected with Italian businessmen who Kuciak alleged in his last article had mafia links. The article was published posthumously. Gaspar said further proceedings with regard to those detained would be based on evaluation of information gathered. Gaspar said one of the detainees was Antonino V. One of the subjects of Kuciak’s final report was Antonino Vadala, a businessman who the Slovak registry shows briefly owned a firm with Maria Troskova, an aide to Prime Minister Robert Fico. Reuters was unable to locate Vadala or his legal representatives. Troskova and the secretary of the country’s Security Council, also mentioned in Kuciak’s reports, resigned on Wednesday pending results of the investigation. Kuciak’s report did not suggest any wrongdoing by either of the two Fico aides who resigned. In a statement, both denied any involvement in the journalist’s killing. The case has tapped into a wellspring of public anger over links between Slovak business and politics. Opposition parties held a protest rally over Kuciak’s killing in Bratislava on Wednesday afternoon and another protest is scheduled in several cities for Friday. Kuciak also investigated allegations of abuse of EU funds. The European Commission said on Thursday it had requested information from Slovak authorities. The case raised tension within the ruling three-party coalition. The junior Most-Hid party said international investigators should be invited to join local police to aid transparency, and also called on Interior Minister Robert Kalinak, a close ally of Fico, whose business acquaintances had been subjects of Kuciak’s earlier articles, to resign. Party chief Bela Bugar told reporters Most-Hid would leave matters with Fico’s Smer party, and base its next decision on how Smer responded. Bugar stopped short of threatening to leave the coalition, a step that could force the break-up of the cabinet. Fico also suffered a blow when, in a related development, Culture Minister Marek Madaric, a long-time senior member of Smer, quit on Wednesday. Kuciak’s murder was the first of a journalist in Slovakia and the fifth such case concerning a reporter or reporters in the European Union in the past decade, according to Reporters Without Borders (RSF). 
969210437727326208	2018-03-01 13:59:10	https://t.co/vtZMdvDhDw	Putin, before election, unveils new nuclear weapons to counter West https://t.co/vtZMdvDhDw https://t.co/o8cHv3ckAS	 MOSCOW (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin announced an array of new nuclear weapons on Thursday, in one of his most bellicose speeches in years, saying they could hit almost any point in the world and evade a U.S.-built missile shield. Putin was speaking ahead of an election on March 18 that polls indicate he should win easily. He said a nuclear attack on any of Moscow’s allies would be regarded as an attack on Russia itself and draw an immediate response. It was unclear if he had a particular Russian ally, such as Syria, in mind, but his comments looked like a warning to Washington not to use tactical battlefield nuclear weapons. His remarks were greeted with scepticism in Washington, where officials cast doubt on whether Russia has added any new capabilities to its nuclear arsenal beyond those already known to the U.S. military and intelligence agencies. The Pentagon, which recently announced a nuclear policy revamp based partly on the bellicose posture from Moscow, said it was not surprised by Putin’s presentation. “We’ve been watching Russia for a long time. We’re not surprised,” Pentagon spokeswoman Dana White said. “These weapons that are discussed have been in development a very long time,” she told a news briefing, without addressing any of Putin’s specific claims of new capabilities. John Rood, U.S. under secretary of defense for policy, declined to comment on U.S. intelligence on Russian capabilities. But, addressing a forum in Washington, Rood generally played down Putin’s presentation, saying:“I think it’s broadly consistent with things that have been stated before (by) Russian officials.” The Trump administration accused Moscow anew of violating a Cold War-era treaty which banned nuclear and conventional ground-launched ballistic and cruise missiles with a range of 500-5,500 km (300-3,400 miles). “President Putin has confirmed what the United States government has known all along, which Russia has denied: Russia has been developing destabilizing weapons systems for over a decade in direct violations of its treaty obligations,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said. Putin has often used militaristic rhetoric to mobilize support and buttress his narrative that Russia is under siege from the West. His 2014 annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea boosted his ratings to a record high and he has cast his military intervention in Syria as a proud moment for Moscow. On Thursday, he sought to back his rhetoric with video clips of what he said were some of the new missiles. The images were projected onto a giant screen behind him at a conference hall in central Moscow where he was addressing Russia’s political elite. “They have not succeeded in holding Russia back,” said Putin, referring to the West, which he said had ignored Moscow in the past, but would now have to sit up and listen. “Now they need to take account of a new reality and understand that everything I have said today is not a bluff.” Among weapons that Putin said were either in development or ready was a new intercontinental ballistic missile“with a practically unlimited range” able to attack via the North and South Poles and bypass any missile defense systems. Putin also spoke of a small nuclear-powered engine that could be fitted to what he said were low-flying, highly maneuverable cruise missiles, giving them a practically unlimited range. The new engine meant Russia was able to make a new type of weapon - nuclear missiles powered by nuclear rather than conventional fuel. “Nothing like it in the world exists,” Putin told the audience.“At some point it will probably appear (elsewhere) but by that time our guys will have devised something else.” Other new super weapons he listed included underwater nuclear drones, a supersonic weapon and a laser weapon. In one of his video clip demos, a weapon appeared to be hovering over what looked like a map of the state of Florida. “It was certainly unfortunate to have watched the video animation that depicted a nuclear attack on the United States,” State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert told a news briefing.“We don’t regard that as the behavior of a responsible international player.” Putin’s audience, made up of Russian lawmakers and other leading figures, frequently stood up and applauded his presentation, which culminated with the Russian national anthem being played. Earlier in the speech, he had struck a very different tone, ordering officials to halve the number of Russians living in poverty by sharply boosting social and infrastructure spending in an obvious pre-election pitch to voters. Putin, who has dominated his country’s political landscape for the last 18 years, said the technological advances meant that NATO’s build-up on Russia’s borders and the roll-out of a U.S. anti-missile system would be rendered useless. “I hope that everything that was said today will sober up any potential aggressor,” said Putin. “Unfriendly steps towards Russia such as the deployment of the (U.S.) anti-missile system and of NATO infrastructure nearer our borders and such like, from a military point of view, will become ineffective.” Steps to contain Russia would also become unjustifiably expensive and pointless, he forecast. Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu said in a statement after the speech that the new weapons Putin had unveiled meant that NATO’s missile defense shield, in Poland, Romania and Alaska and planned elements in South Korea and Japan was like an umbrella that was full of holes. “I don’t know why they would now buy such an‘umbrella’,” Shoigu said, referring to Seoul and Tokyo. NATO declined immediate comment. The United States has long asserted that U.S. missile defenses are incapable of halting a large-scale attack by a major nuclear power, like Russia or China, due in part to the limited number of U.S. missile interceptors. Instead, the technology is aimed at what the United States views as“rogue” states, such as Iran or North Korea. “They know very well that it’s not about them. Our missile defense has never been about them,” White said. She added that the U.S. focus in addressing Russia’s nuclear modernization was strengthening America’s own nuclear forces to serve as a deterrent. Lisbeth Gronlund, senior scientist and co-director of the Global Security Program of the Union of Concerned Scientists, said Putin’s announcement of a missile with a nuclear-powered engine, even if true, would change little when it came to the Russian threat since Russia already has large numbers of ICBMs. Putin also voiced concerns about a new U.S. nuclear doctrine, saying Russia’s own doctrine was defensive and only envisaged the use of nuclear weapons in response to an attack. Russia has repeatedly said it is keen to hold talks with the United States about the balance of strategic nuclear power and Putin put Washington and other nuclear powers on notice. “We will view any use of nuclear weapons against Russia or its allies, be it of small, medium or any force, as a nuclear attack on our country,” he said. “Our response will be immediate. Nobody should have any doubts about that.” Putin said that Russia did not plan to attack anyone, however. Russia’s growing military might was a guarantee of world peace, he said, designed to preserve a strategic balance of power on the planet. 
969209962256793601	2018-03-01 13:57:16	https://t.co/ioUFcsuese	Germany allowed hackers 'controlled' access in cyber breach: lawmaker https://t.co/ioUFcsuese	 BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany’s government was marshalling its defenses on Thursday against a powerful cyber attack that lawmakers said had breached the foreign ministry’s computer network and whose origins officials admitted were still unclear. The head of a parliamentary oversight panel said the attack was continuing, and security officials were trying to maintain control. “It is a veritable cyber attack on parts of the government network,” conservative lawmaker Armin Schuster told reporters.“It is a continuing process.” Schuster declined to give further details, saying that would provide a warning to the attackers, who he did not identify. “The loss of sensitive information amounts to significant damage on its own,” Schuster said.“But we can say that the German government is trying, as far as we know today, to keep the process under control.” Facing criticism from lawmakers that they were kept in the dark about the attack, which security officials said they learned of some time ago but authorities first confirmed on Wednesday, Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere said the hack was technically sophisticated and planned long in advance. He said security authorities were trying to gain further insight into how it was carried out. Schuster’s remarks raised questions about Wednesday’s initial confirmation, a statement in which the interior ministry spoke of an“isolated” attack against some government agencies that had been“brought under control”. Media reports said the attack was detected in December but may have been under way for up to a year. Lawmakers said it had targeted the foreign ministry. One deputy who was briefed on the incident, said it appeared to have originated in Russia. The Kremlin could not immediately be reached for comment. It was the latest in a series of assaults aimed at Germany’s political institutions and key individuals. Security officials have blamed most of the previous attacks on a Russian hacking group APT28 that experts say has close ties to a Russian spy agency. Security experts have blamed the same group for an attack ahead of the 2016 U.S. presidential election. Economy Minister Brigitte Zypries said it would be“problematic” if Moscow were found to have launched the attack, as German media have reported. But she added:“At this moment there is no discussion of that.” Deputy Interior Minister Ole Schroeder told the RND newspaper group on Thursday that security officials had allowed the hackers to maintain“controlled” access to government networks so they could track the attack and how it was carried out. Panel head Schuster said it was too early to assess the damage, but his committee would meet again next week. Patrick Sensburg, another conservative member of the committee, told broadcaster ZDF it involved more complex software and targeted more sensitive data than a 2015 breach at parliament. Opposition lawmakers criticized the government for not informed the parliamentary oversight committee about the attack sooner. Committee member Konstantin von Notz, of the Greens, said the delay was“completely unacceptable”, and Andre Hahn, a member of the far-left Left party, said it was a clear violation of the law. The incident also revived debate about a push by top German intelligence officials for more legal authority to“hack back” in the event of cyber attacks from foreign powers. 
969209962055524353	2018-03-01 13:57:16	https://t.co/vo1JO0oaJI	UK's Prince William to make groundbreaking Middle East trip https://t.co/vo1JO0oaJI	 LONDON (Reuters) - Queen Elizabeth’s grandson Prince William will visit Israel and the Palestinian territories this summer, his office announced on Thursday, the first official visit by a senior member of Britain’s royal family. Both Israeli and Palestinian officials welcomed the trip, which also includes Jordan, on behalf of the British government by William, second-in-line to the British throne. “We welcome the announcement that Prince William will be coming to Israel. It is a historic visit, the first of its kind, and he will be received here with great enthusiasm,” Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said in a statement. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas’s office said it was an important visit“which we hope will contribute to strengthening ties of friendship between the two peoples”. No further details of the visit were given by William’s office but he is likely to make the trip alone as his wife is due to give birth to the couple’s third child in April. Queen Elizabeth’s cousins the Duke of Kent and the Duke of Gloucester visited Israel in 1998 and 2007, while William’s father Prince Charles attended the funeral of former Israeli President Shimon Peres in 2016. However, no senior British royal has made an official state visit to the Palestinian territories or Israel, which marks its 70th anniversary of independence from British Mandatory rule this year. “It is a symbolic event, and even if the prince is not a political figure, the eyes of the entire world will be turned toward the Middle East during his visit to the region,” said YNet, the Hebrew-language Israeli news site. 
969205635115110400	2018-03-01 13:40:05	https://t.co/IxjTsVYryd	Trump says U.S. steel, aluminum sectors 'decimated' by unfair trade https://t.co/IxjTsVYryd https://t.co/AgH0Eg7VP7	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump announced on Thursday he would impose hefty tariffs on imported steel and aluminum to protect U.S. producers, risking retaliation from major trade partners like China, Europe and neighboring Canada. Fears of a trade war triggered a selloff on Wall Street. Trump said the duties, 25 percent on steel imports and 10 percent on aluminum, would be formally announced next week, although White House officials later said some details still needed to be ironed out. Trump believes the tariffs will safeguard American jobs, but many economists say the impact of price increases for users of steel and aluminum, such as the auto and oil industries, will destroy more jobs than curbs on imports create. “We’re going to build our steel industry back and our aluminum industry back,” Trump said. Shares of U.S. domestic steel and aluminum makers rallied, but shares of companies ranging from auto makers to airplane makers fell on the potential impact of the higher costs they will have to pay for the metals. The announcement came after what one person with direct knowledge of the discussions described as a night of“chaos” in the White House due to frequent switching of positions in the administration. The tariffs were sharply criticized by some senior Republican lawmakers as well as industries ranging from autos to oil to construction equipment. A major concern is that U.S. farm exports could be hit hard in retaliation by steel-exporting countries. “Every time you do this, you get a retaliation. Agriculture is the number one target. I think this is terribly counterproductive for the agriculture economy,” said Senator Pat Roberts, who chairs the chamber’s agriculture committee. China has already threatened to curb imports of U.S. soybeans, and the European Union has said it will consider action as well. President Xi Jinping’s top economic adviser, Liu He, held talks with the Trump administration in Washington on Thursday. The discussion was described as“frank and constructive”, by a White House official, and focused on“ways to ensure fair and reciprocal trade.” Trade tensions between the United States and China have risen since Trump took office in 2017. The tariffs will not directly hit China that hard. Data shows that Canada supplies 16 percent of U.S. demand for steel versus China’s 2 percent and is by far the largest steel exporter, followed by Brazil and South Korea. Other countries were already looking at how to respond. “Should restrictions be imposed on Canadian steel and aluminum products, Canada will take responsive measures to defend its trade interests and workers,” the country’s foreign affairs minister, Chrystia Freeland, said in a sharply worded statement. Brazil’s industry ministry said Brazil would consider taking action on its own over the tariffs or in concert with other countries. Shares of two of its largest steel makers, Cia Siderurgica Nacional and Usiminas, sold off, closing down 4.4 percent and 4.2 percent, respectively. Washington is already engaged in a dispute with Canada and Mexico over its proposed revision to the North American Free Trade Agreement, and months of tense talks have failed to produce any meaningful progress. Asked whether there would be exemptions for any countries, White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said she would not get into any details ahead of next week’s announcement. She said the tariffs were still being finalized. Although China only accounts for a small fraction of U.S. steel imports, its massive industry expansion has helped produce a global glut of steel that has driven down prices. Wall Street trading reflected the divergent impact of the tariffs. Steel makers rose, with AK Steel Holding up 9.5 percent, U.S. Steel Corp up 5.7 percent and Nucor up 3.3 percent. Companies that are big users of steel fell. Ford Motor Co shed 3 percent and General Motors Co fell 4 percent. But the overall trend was down, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average falling 1.7 percent and the S&P 500 index down 1.3 percent. Though the administration says duties would protect U.S. industry, critics say they would raise costs for industry and fail to deliver on Trump’s campaign pledge to boost domestic jobs. The tariffs were a victory for the trade hawks in Trump’s administration, including White House trade adviser Peter Navarro, who has been rising in importance, and a setback for those who fear repercussions, such as top economic adviser Gary Cohn. It had appeared unlikely that Trump would announce the tariffs on Thursday after a night of back and forth inside the administration. “There was a lot of movement within the past 12, 16 hours,” said the source who had knowledge of the discussions but who declined to be named due to the sensitivity of the issue. “It was going to happen. It wasn’t going to happen and then it did happen,” the source said. The administration also cited national security interests for its action, saying the United States needs domestic supply for its tanks and warships. But the Department of Defense had recommended targeted steel tariffs and a delay in aluminum duties. While American steelmakers lost three quarters of their jobs between 1962 and 2005, a major study by the American Economic Association showed that much of this reflected improved production technology, with output per worker rising fivefold. “Thus, even if trade protection leads to increased domestic production, increases in employment may be far less than many hope,” a report from the independent Econofact economist network said last week. “Across many states, the number of jobs adversely affected in these steel-using industries could far exceed any steel jobs saved,” Econofact warned. The overall impact on the U.S. economy is likely to be muted, barring a major trade war, with steel and aluminum imports accounting for just 2 percent of the overall total. Investment bank Barclays estimated the tariffs would add 0.1 percentage point to core inflation over a period of time and cut economic growth by 0.1-0.2 percentage point, which would be more than offset by Trump’s fiscal stimulus. 
969205422270926849	2018-03-01 13:39:14	https://t.co/UE5vmHVosQ	Bangladesh to protest against Myanmar troops at border where Rohingya shelter: official https://t.co/UE5vmHVosQ	 DHAKA (Reuters) - Bangladesh summoned Myanmar’s ambassador on Thursday over an increased security presence near their border where thousands of Rohingya Muslims have been sheltering just inside Myanmar, Bangladesh’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs said. The United Nations refugee agency has expressed concern that thousands of people staying on the strip of land, dubbed“no man’s land” because it is beyond Myanmar’s border fence but on Myanmar’s side of a creek that marks the international border, would be forcibly returned without sufficient consideration for their safety. Nearly 700,000 Rohingya fled Myanmar for Bangladesh after insurgent attacks on Aug. 25 sparked a military crackdown that the United Nations has said amounted to ethnic cleansing, with reports of arson attacks, murder and rape. About 5,300 people had been staying in a makeshift camp on the border line since late August, but roughly half moved to camps inside Bangladesh after the two countries met to discuss possible repatriation on Feb. 20. Several hundred of them have been moved back to the border line, two border guards said. On Thursday, Myanmar armed soldiers and police, estimated to number more than 200, came to the border fence and appeared to be moving heavy weapons including mortars to the area, said a Bangladesh army official and the two guards, all three of whom spoke on condition of anonymity. Dil Mohammed, a community leader among the roughly 950 Rohingya families staying at the border, said Myanmar officials used loudspeakers to tell them to move from the area. The movement of troops so close to the border violated international norms, an official of Bangladesh’s border guard, Brigadier General Mujibur Rahman, told Reuters. “We are sending them a protest note. We have already asked for a flag meeting,” said Rahman, the force’s additional director general in charge of operations, referring to a meeting of border guards of both countries. “They have removed heavy weapons, such as machineguns and mortars, from the area after our verbal protests.” The Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Dhaka said Acting Foreign Secretary Khurshed Alam asked envoy Lwin Oo for Myanmar’s security forces to pull back from the border, warning“such military build up will create confusion within Bangladesh and escalate tensions on the border”. The action could also hamper the agreed repatriation of refugees, the ministry said in a statement, adding a diplomatic note was handed to the ambassador. Myanmar military spokesman Myat Min Oo said he could not confirm there was any troop activity and declined to comment further, citing a public holiday in Myanmar. A spokesman for the country’s Home Affairs Ministry, Myo Thu Soe, said he was unaware of the troop movements. Myanmar’s main government spokesman, Zaw Htay, declined to comment on Thursday’s activity. On Wednesday, he told Reuters that“terrorists” with links to the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army, which had attacked 30 Myanmar police posts and an army base in August, were sheltering in the border area. Zaw Htay said he believed people were staying there to put political pressure on Myanmar’s government and“create a situation where Myanmar security forces and government officials will remove them”. 
969203262929948672	2018-03-01 13:30:39	https://t.co/kIMSq1oAmJ	Brazil's Lula vows to 'fight until he wins,' says will be absolved: paper https://t.co/kIMSq1oAmJ	 SAO PAULO (Reuters) - Former Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva believes he will be exonerated of corruption charges by the country’s Supreme Court and promises to“fight until he wins,” according to an interview with the Folha de S.Paulo newspaper. Lula, a popular leftist politician who was president from 2003 to 2011 and who plans to run in elections this year, repeated criticisms of prosecutors and judges who found him guilty of corruption in 2017 and upheld the verdict on a first appeal this year, which could bar him from running. “So what do I expect? That the Supreme Court analyzes the process, looks at the testimony, the proof, and makes a decision. That’s why I believe I will be a candidate,” Lula said in the interview published on Thursday. Lula, 72, is the most high profile of more than 100 people convicted in the“Cash Wash” investigation, the most sprawling of Brazil’s numerous corruption probes. He was found guilty of accepting a beachside apartment from an engineering firm vying for contracts at state oil company Petroleo Brasileiro SA, known as Petrobras. A former union leader who remains popular due to rapid economic progress during his time in office, Lula criticized prosecutors for what his lawyers have called a reliance on the plea bargain testimony of one witness. While Lula lost a first appeal in January, the Supreme Court may have the final say if they decide to hear any eventual appeal Lula’s lawyers make. Under Brazilian law, Lula will likely be barred from running in the October elections because his conviction has already been upheld. In a January ruling, all three appellate court judges voted to uphold Lula’s convictions on taking bribes and money laundering. They also added 2-1/2 years to his sentence, condemning him to 12 years in prison. Lula so far remains free pending future appeals. “I’m prepared. I’m calm,” Lula told Folha de S.Paulo, adding that he would not even consider supporting other candidates in the leftist Workers’ Party unless he were definitively barred from running. “I’m certain that I will be absolved and that I will not be imprisoned.” Lula, right-wing congressman Jair Bolsonaro, and environmentalist Marina Silva are leading the preliminary opinion polls ahead of October’s elections, which are also for members of Congress, governors, and state assemblymen. (Corrects style of newspaper name in 1st and 8th paragraphs; notes in 2nd paragraph that Lula’s verdict has been upheld on a first appeal; clarifies in 6th paragraph that no appeal has been made yet to the Supreme Court) 
969203162971279362	2018-03-01 13:30:15	https://t.co/jNtk3US7fU	Cyber attack on German government sought more sensitive data than 2015 hack: lawmaker https://t.co/jNtk3US7fU https://t.co/5Koy9zt2fA	 BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany’s government was marshalling its defenses on Thursday against a powerful cyber attack that lawmakers said had breached the foreign ministry’s computer network and whose origins officials admitted were still unclear. The head of a parliamentary oversight panel said the attack was continuing, and security officials were trying to maintain control. “It is a veritable cyber attack on parts of the government network,” conservative lawmaker Armin Schuster told reporters.“It is a continuing process.” Schuster declined to give further details, saying that would provide a warning to the attackers, who he did not identify. “The loss of sensitive information amounts to significant damage on its own,” Schuster said.“But we can say that the German government is trying, as far as we know today, to keep the process under control.” Facing criticism from lawmakers that they were kept in the dark about the attack, which security officials said they learned of some time ago but authorities first confirmed on Wednesday, Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere said the hack was technically sophisticated and planned long in advance. He said security authorities were trying to gain further insight into how it was carried out. Schuster’s remarks raised questions about Wednesday’s initial confirmation, a statement in which the interior ministry spoke of an“isolated” attack against some government agencies that had been“brought under control”. Media reports said the attack was detected in December but may have been under way for up to a year. Lawmakers said it had targeted the foreign ministry. One deputy who was briefed on the incident, said it appeared to have originated in Russia. The Kremlin could not immediately be reached for comment. It was the latest in a series of assaults aimed at Germany’s political institutions and key individuals. Security officials have blamed most of the previous attacks on a Russian hacking group APT28 that experts say has close ties to a Russian spy agency. Security experts have blamed the same group for an attack ahead of the 2016 U.S. presidential election. Economy Minister Brigitte Zypries said it would be“problematic” if Moscow were found to have launched the attack, as German media have reported. But she added:“At this moment there is no discussion of that.” Deputy Interior Minister Ole Schroeder told the RND newspaper group on Thursday that security officials had allowed the hackers to maintain“controlled” access to government networks so they could track the attack and how it was carried out. Panel head Schuster said it was too early to assess the damage, but his committee would meet again next week. Patrick Sensburg, another conservative member of the committee, told broadcaster ZDF it involved more complex software and targeted more sensitive data than a 2015 breach at parliament. Opposition lawmakers criticized the government for not informed the parliamentary oversight committee about the attack sooner. Committee member Konstantin von Notz, of the Greens, said the delay was“completely unacceptable”, and Andre Hahn, a member of the far-left Left party, said it was a clear violation of the law. The incident also revived debate about a push by top German intelligence officials for more legal authority to“hack back” in the event of cyber attacks from foreign powers. 
969201599951396864	2018-03-01 13:24:02	https://t.co/HzJAJ3G2Uw	'Got a better idea?' EU's Tusk to ask May on Irish #Brexit https://t.co/HzJAJ3G2Uw https://t.co/6PAcEpMzS4	 LONDON/BRUSSELS (Reuters) -“Real political difficulties” lie ahead for Brexit, EU summit chair Donald Tusk said after Prime Minister Theresa May gave him a preview of the vision of future trade ties she will unveil on Friday. Over lunch at her Downing Street office, aides said, May told him a draft Brexit treaty published by the European Union on Wednesday was“unacceptable” in its proposal of keeping Northern Ireland effectively in an EU customs union, potentially isolating the province economically from the British mainland. Tusk offered a robust defence of the draft, which the EU says is a“backstop” for avoiding a“hard border” that might disrupt peace in Ireland. Before their meeting, he said he would be asking May if she had a better idea to achieve that. No details emerged of exactly what May will propose in a speech on Friday for an“ambitious economic partnership” after Brexit. Some ministers have suggested that it can achieve“frictionless trade” between the whole United Kingdom and the EU and avoid the need for a special deal in Ireland. May’s spokesman said her ministers had agreed with her that her speech would be“a real step forward in the negotiations”. However, Tusk has dismissed as“pure illusion” some of the ideas that many expect to form part of her proposal to maintain close regulatory alignment with the EU in some sectors. On Thursday he bluntly dismissed the idea that May could avoid hampering trade while pursuing her plan to take Britain out of both the EU customs union and the single market. “Friction is an inevitable side effect of Brexit. By nature,” he told a business conference in Brussels. Over lunch in London, an EU official said, Tusk focused on plans for future ties, talks on which should finally get under way next month after an interim deal on divorce issues was struck in December. British Brexit supporters accuse the EU of being inflexible and seeking to punish Britain for leaving, while EU leaders say Britain is trying to cherry-pick access to their markets while absenting itself from following rules it does not like. Rhetoric on both sides has turned sharper following the interim accord in December, with EU officials urging May to give them a clear idea of what her deeply divided government wants on trade and for Northern Ireland with Brexit just 13 months away. The EU official called Tusk’s lunch with May“an open and honest debate in a good atmosphere about the real political difficulties ahead of us”. After May’s speech, Tusk will present an EU negotiating position on post-Brexit relations next week which EU leaders should endorse at a summit on March 22-23. Also addressing the Business Europe forum in Brussels on Thursday, the EU’s chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier urged company bosses to prepare for Britain’s departure and issued a new warning that a status-quo, two-year transition period was not yet agreed and might not be guaranteed for another year. The pound had softened on Barnier’s warnings the previous day that a transition deal was not a given and the row over the EU’s draft on Ireland has also reminded investors that failure to strike a divorce deal could be disruptive. The“only certainty”, Barnier said, was that Britain would be out of the EU next March, and so businesses must prepare:“Of course, the transition period currently under negotiation would give you more time to adapt,” he added. “However, certainty about the transition will only come at the end of the process, with the ratification of the withdrawal agreement by both sides - probably early next year.” Britons opposed to leaving the EU are fighting a rearguard action that seeks to use May’s weakness in her own Conservative party and in parliament to disrupt it - though there is little sign public opinion has shifted far from the roughly 50-50 split which delivered a narrow vote for Brexit in a 2016 referendum. Tony Blair, the former Labour prime minister who is among the more prominent campaigners trying to halt Brexit, was in Brussels on Thursday, aiming to persuade EU policymakers to be ready to welcome Britain to remain if it changes its mind - and be ready to show a will to reform, especially to curb the easy migration across the EU that worried many Britons. Tusk and other EU leaders have repeatedly said Britain would be welcome to stay, although some also make clear they are not willing to undertake major reforms in order to do that. Frans Timmermans, deputy head of the EU executive, told the European Parliament on Wednesday:“If they change their minds and want to come back to the European Union, I think we would all welcome them warmly back into the European Union family.” 
969197092638949376	2018-03-01 13:06:08	https://t.co/GZUOMC65hO	'Got a better idea?' EU's Tusk to ask May on Irish Brexit https://t.co/GZUOMC65hO	 LONDON/BRUSSELS (Reuters) -“Real political difficulties” lie ahead for Brexit, EU summit chair Donald Tusk said after Prime Minister Theresa May gave him a preview of the vision of future trade ties she will unveil on Friday. Over lunch at her Downing Street office, aides said, May told him a draft Brexit treaty published by the European Union on Wednesday was“unacceptable” in its proposal of keeping Northern Ireland effectively in an EU customs union, potentially isolating the province economically from the British mainland. Tusk offered a robust defence of the draft, which the EU says is a“backstop” for avoiding a“hard border” that might disrupt peace in Ireland. Before their meeting, he said he would be asking May if she had a better idea to achieve that. No details emerged of exactly what May will propose in a speech on Friday for an“ambitious economic partnership” after Brexit. Some ministers have suggested that it can achieve“frictionless trade” between the whole United Kingdom and the EU and avoid the need for a special deal in Ireland. May’s spokesman said her ministers had agreed with her that her speech would be“a real step forward in the negotiations”. However, Tusk has dismissed as“pure illusion” some of the ideas that many expect to form part of her proposal to maintain close regulatory alignment with the EU in some sectors. On Thursday he bluntly dismissed the idea that May could avoid hampering trade while pursuing her plan to take Britain out of both the EU customs union and the single market. “Friction is an inevitable side effect of Brexit. By nature,” he told a business conference in Brussels. Over lunch in London, an EU official said, Tusk focused on plans for future ties, talks on which should finally get under way next month after an interim deal on divorce issues was struck in December. British Brexit supporters accuse the EU of being inflexible and seeking to punish Britain for leaving, while EU leaders say Britain is trying to cherry-pick access to their markets while absenting itself from following rules it does not like. Rhetoric on both sides has turned sharper following the interim accord in December, with EU officials urging May to give them a clear idea of what her deeply divided government wants on trade and for Northern Ireland with Brexit just 13 months away. The EU official called Tusk’s lunch with May“an open and honest debate in a good atmosphere about the real political difficulties ahead of us”. After May’s speech, Tusk will present an EU negotiating position on post-Brexit relations next week which EU leaders should endorse at a summit on March 22-23. Also addressing the Business Europe forum in Brussels on Thursday, the EU’s chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier urged company bosses to prepare for Britain’s departure and issued a new warning that a status-quo, two-year transition period was not yet agreed and might not be guaranteed for another year. The pound had softened on Barnier’s warnings the previous day that a transition deal was not a given and the row over the EU’s draft on Ireland has also reminded investors that failure to strike a divorce deal could be disruptive. The“only certainty”, Barnier said, was that Britain would be out of the EU next March, and so businesses must prepare:“Of course, the transition period currently under negotiation would give you more time to adapt,” he added. “However, certainty about the transition will only come at the end of the process, with the ratification of the withdrawal agreement by both sides - probably early next year.” Britons opposed to leaving the EU are fighting a rearguard action that seeks to use May’s weakness in her own Conservative party and in parliament to disrupt it - though there is little sign public opinion has shifted far from the roughly 50-50 split which delivered a narrow vote for Brexit in a 2016 referendum. Tony Blair, the former Labour prime minister who is among the more prominent campaigners trying to halt Brexit, was in Brussels on Thursday, aiming to persuade EU policymakers to be ready to welcome Britain to remain if it changes its mind - and be ready to show a will to reform, especially to curb the easy migration across the EU that worried many Britons. Tusk and other EU leaders have repeatedly said Britain would be welcome to stay, although some also make clear they are not willing to undertake major reforms in order to do that. Frans Timmermans, deputy head of the EU executive, told the European Parliament on Wednesday:“If they change their minds and want to come back to the European Union, I think we would all welcome them warmly back into the European Union family.” 
969197092597108736	2018-03-01 13:06:08	https://t.co/ufRSthceES	UK rules out holding second part of inquiry into press ethics https://t.co/ufRSthceES	 LONDON (Reuters) - Britain said on Thursday it would not proceed with the second part of an inquiry into newspaper ethics called after a phone-hacking scandal at a Rupert Murdoch tabloid, prompting criticism it was betraying victims of press intrusion. Media Secretary Matt Hancock said it was not in the national interest to go ahead with part two of the Leveson Inquiry which laid bare the cozy ties between British leaders, police chiefs and press barons in its initial conclusions in 2012. “We do not believe that reopening this costly and time consuming public inquiry is the right way forward,” Hancock told parliament.“We are formally closing the inquiry.” The inquiry, led by senior judge Brian Leveson, was called by former Prime Minister David Cameron in 2011 as Britain reeled from disclosures of wrongdoing at media tycoon Murdoch’s News of the World newspaper, including the revelation journalists had hacked the phone of a 13-year-old murder victim. The paper’s former editor, Andy Coulson who was later Cameron’s media chief, was among journalists convicted of phone-hacking and jailed. Murdoch closed the tabloid following the revelations but his opponents, who argue he has far too much sway over British political leaders through his empire, have tried to use the scandal to try to stop his bid to take full control over Europe’s biggest pay-TV group Sky Plc. The inquiry’s first part heard evidence from more than 300 people and along with police investigations cost almost 50 million pounds ($68 million). Leveson concluded there should be an independent press watchdog enshrined in law but Cameron rejected this and newspapers instead established a new self-regulatory system. Hancock said there had in the past been far too many cases of terrible behavior by the press but the regulator had made significant progress. He said there had been a seismic change in the media landscape with newspaper circulation falling by about 30 percent since Leveson reported, and there was now an urgent need to address fake news and largely unregulated social media. “The steps I have set out today will help give Britain a vibrant, independent and free press that holds the powerful to account and rises to the challenges of our times,” he said. Tom Watson, the opposition Labour Party’s media spokesman who has long been a fierce critic of Murdoch, said Prime Minister Theresa May’s Conservatives, who enjoy the support of the biggest-selling national newspapers, had been looking for a chance to renege on promises to phone-hacking victims. He said the second part of the inquiry would have examined the extent of illegality and management failures at Murdoch’s British newspaper operations, along with whether police received corrupt payments not to investigate wrongdoing. “None of these questions have been answered,” Watson said. “This announcement conveniently timed to be buried under a flurry of snow is a disappointment, a breach of trust and a bitter blow to the victims of press intrusion.” Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn last week dismissed as nonsense press reports that he had given secrets to a Communist spy in the 1980s, leading him to warn newspapers that“change is coming” and that media bosses who he said abused their power were right to be worried about his party winning power. ($1 = 0.7272 pounds) 
969195316619763713	2018-03-01 12:59:04	https://t.co/4NY1C8PhYt	Big pharma, big data: why drugmakers want your health records https://t.co/4NY1C8PhYt reports @reutersBenHir https://t.co/yyjlsqyf5n	 LONDON (Reuters) - Drugmakers are racing to scoop up patient health records and strike deals with technology companies as big data analytics start to unlock a trove of information about how medicines perform in the real world. Studying such real-world evidence offers manufacturers a powerful tool to prove the value of their drugs - something Roche (ROG.S) aims to leverage, for example, with last month’s $2 billion purchase of Flatiron Health. Real-world evidence involves collecting data outside traditional randomized clinical trials, the current gold standard for judging medicines, and interest in the field is ballooning. Half of the world’s 1,800 clinical studies involving real-world or real-life data since 2006 have been started in the last three years, with a record 300 last year, according to a Reuters analysis of the U.S. National Institutes of Health’s clinicaltrials.gov website. Hot areas for such studies include cancer, heart disease and respiratory disorders. Historically, it has been hard to get a handle on how drugs work in routine clinical practice but the rise of electronic medical records, databases of insurance claims, fitness wearables and even social media now offers a wealth of new data. The ability to capture the experience of real-world patients, who represent a wider sample of society than the relatively narrow selection enrolled into traditional trials, is increasingly useful as medicine becomes more personalized. However it also opens a new front in the debate about corporate access to personal data at a time when tech giants Apple (AAPL.O), Amazon (AMZN.O) and Google’s parent Alphabet (GOOGL.O) are seeking to carve out a healthcare niche. Some campaigners and academics worry such data will be used primarily as a commercial tool by drugmakers and may intrude upon patients’ privacy. Learning from the experience of millions of patients provides granularity and is especially important in a disease like cancer, where doctors want to know if there is a greater benefit from using a certain drug in patients with highly specific tumor characteristics. In the case of the Flatiron deal, Roche is acquiring a firm working with 265 U.S. community cancer clinics and six major academic research centers, making it a leading curator of oncology evidence. Roche, which already owns 12.6 percent of Flatiron, will pay $1.9 billion for the rest. But interest in such real-world data goes far beyond cancer. All the world’s major drug companies now have departments focused on the use of real-world data across multiple diseases and several have completed scientific studies using the information to delve into key areas addressed by their drugs. They include diabetes studies by AstraZeneca (AZN.L) and Sanofi (SASY.PA), joint research by Pfizer (PFE.N) and Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY.N) into stroke prevention, and a Takeda Pharmaceutical (4502.T) project in bowel disease. “It’s getting more expensive to do traditional clinical trial research, so industry is looking at ways it can achieve similar goals using routinely collected data,” said Paul Taylor, a health informatics expert at University College London. “The thing that has made all this possible is the increasing digitization of health records.” Significantly, the world’s regulators are taking notice. U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Commissioner Scott Gottlieb - the gatekeeper to the world’s biggest pharmaceutical market - believes more widespread use of real-world evidence (RWE) could cut drug development costs and help doctors make better medical choices. Under the 21st Century Cures Act, the FDA has been directed to evaluate the expanded use of RWE.“As the breadth and reliability of RWE increases, so do opportunities for FDA to also make use of this information,” Gottlieb said in a speech last September. The European Medicines Agency, too, is studying ways to use RWE in its decision making. (GRAPHIC: Drug research gets real - tmsnrt.rs/2otRk8g) But the growth of real-world evidence also raises questions about data access and patient privacy, as Britain’s National Health Service (NHS) - a uniquely comprehensive source of healthcare data - has found to its cost. An ambitious scheme to pool anonymized NHS patient data for both academic and commercial use had to be scrapped in 2016 after protests from both patients and doctors. And last year a British hospital trust was rapped by the Information Commissioner’s Office for misusing data, after it passed on personal information of around 1.6 million patients to artificial-intelligence firm Google DeepMind. Sam Smith, a campaigner for medical data privacy at Britain’s MedConfidential, is concerned drugmakers’ RWE studies are just a cover for marketing.“How much of this is really for scientific discovery and how much is it about boosting profits by getting one product used instead of another?” Some academics also worry RWE studies could be susceptible to“data dredging”, where multiple analyses are conducted until one gives the hoped-for result. AstraZeneca’s head of innovative medicines Mene Pangalos, whose company has struck several deals with tech start-ups and patient groups to gather real-world data, acknowledges ensuring privacy and scientific rigor is a challenge. “It’s a real problem but I don’t think it’s insurmountable,” he told Reuters. “As people get more comfortable with real-world evidence studies I think it will be much more widely used. I would like to see a world where real-world data can be used to help change drug labels and be used much more aggressively than it is today.” Roche Chief Executive Severin Schwan believes data is the next frontier for drugmakers and he is betting that the Swiss group’s leadership in both cancer medicine and diagnostics will put it in pole position. “There’s an opportunity for us to have a strategic advantage by bringing together diagnostics and pharma with data management. This triangle is almost impossible for anybody else to copy,” he said in a December interview. Still, even Roche cannot work alone in this new world. “You can have a big debate about whose data it is - the patient’s, the government’s, the insurer’s - but one thing for sure is the pharmaceutical company does not own it. So there’s no choice but to do partnerships,” Schwan said. With Apple’s latest iPhone update including a new feature allowing users to view their medical records, Amazon teaming with Berkshire Hathaway (BRKa.N) and JPMorgan Chase (JPM.N) on a new healthcare company, and numerous start-ups flooding in, the partnering opportunities are plentiful. “You are going to see more deals,” said Susan Garfield, a partner in EY’s life sciences advisory practice.“Data already has tremendous value and it is going to have increasing value in future. The question is who is going to own and capture it.” 
969192845709135872	2018-03-01 12:49:15	https://t.co/37Timqbv5X	Putin, before election, unveils new nuclear weapons to counter West https://t.co/37Timqbv5X	 MOSCOW (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin announced an array of new nuclear weapons on Thursday, in one of his most bellicose speeches in years, saying they could hit almost any point in the world and evade a U.S.-built missile shield. Putin was speaking ahead of an election on March 18 that polls indicate he should win easily. He said a nuclear attack on any of Moscow’s allies would be regarded as an attack on Russia itself and draw an immediate response. It was unclear if he had a particular Russian ally, such as Syria, in mind, but his comments looked like a warning to Washington not to use tactical battlefield nuclear weapons. His remarks were greeted with scepticism in Washington, where officials cast doubt on whether Russia has added any new capabilities to its nuclear arsenal beyond those already known to the U.S. military and intelligence agencies. The Pentagon, which recently announced a nuclear policy revamp based partly on the bellicose posture from Moscow, said it was not surprised by Putin’s presentation. “We’ve been watching Russia for a long time. We’re not surprised,” Pentagon spokeswoman Dana White said. “These weapons that are discussed have been in development a very long time,” she told a news briefing, without addressing any of Putin’s specific claims of new capabilities. John Rood, U.S. under secretary of defense for policy, declined to comment on U.S. intelligence on Russian capabilities. But, addressing a forum in Washington, Rood generally played down Putin’s presentation, saying:“I think it’s broadly consistent with things that have been stated before (by) Russian officials.” The Trump administration accused Moscow anew of violating a Cold War-era treaty which banned nuclear and conventional ground-launched ballistic and cruise missiles with a range of 500-5,500 km (300-3,400 miles). “President Putin has confirmed what the United States government has known all along, which Russia has denied: Russia has been developing destabilizing weapons systems for over a decade in direct violations of its treaty obligations,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said. Putin has often used militaristic rhetoric to mobilize support and buttress his narrative that Russia is under siege from the West. His 2014 annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea boosted his ratings to a record high and he has cast his military intervention in Syria as a proud moment for Moscow. On Thursday, he sought to back his rhetoric with video clips of what he said were some of the new missiles. The images were projected onto a giant screen behind him at a conference hall in central Moscow where he was addressing Russia’s political elite. “They have not succeeded in holding Russia back,” said Putin, referring to the West, which he said had ignored Moscow in the past, but would now have to sit up and listen. “Now they need to take account of a new reality and understand that everything I have said today is not a bluff.” Among weapons that Putin said were either in development or ready was a new intercontinental ballistic missile“with a practically unlimited range” able to attack via the North and South Poles and bypass any missile defense systems. Putin also spoke of a small nuclear-powered engine that could be fitted to what he said were low-flying, highly maneuverable cruise missiles, giving them a practically unlimited range. The new engine meant Russia was able to make a new type of weapon - nuclear missiles powered by nuclear rather than conventional fuel. “Nothing like it in the world exists,” Putin told the audience.“At some point it will probably appear (elsewhere) but by that time our guys will have devised something else.” Other new super weapons he listed included underwater nuclear drones, a supersonic weapon and a laser weapon. In one of his video clip demos, a weapon appeared to be hovering over what looked like a map of the state of Florida. “It was certainly unfortunate to have watched the video animation that depicted a nuclear attack on the United States,” State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert told a news briefing.“We don’t regard that as the behavior of a responsible international player.” Putin’s audience, made up of Russian lawmakers and other leading figures, frequently stood up and applauded his presentation, which culminated with the Russian national anthem being played. Earlier in the speech, he had struck a very different tone, ordering officials to halve the number of Russians living in poverty by sharply boosting social and infrastructure spending in an obvious pre-election pitch to voters. Putin, who has dominated his country’s political landscape for the last 18 years, said the technological advances meant that NATO’s build-up on Russia’s borders and the roll-out of a U.S. anti-missile system would be rendered useless. “I hope that everything that was said today will sober up any potential aggressor,” said Putin. “Unfriendly steps towards Russia such as the deployment of the (U.S.) anti-missile system and of NATO infrastructure nearer our borders and such like, from a military point of view, will become ineffective.” Steps to contain Russia would also become unjustifiably expensive and pointless, he forecast. Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu said in a statement after the speech that the new weapons Putin had unveiled meant that NATO’s missile defense shield, in Poland, Romania and Alaska and planned elements in South Korea and Japan was like an umbrella that was full of holes. “I don’t know why they would now buy such an‘umbrella’,” Shoigu said, referring to Seoul and Tokyo. NATO declined immediate comment. The United States has long asserted that U.S. missile defenses are incapable of halting a large-scale attack by a major nuclear power, like Russia or China, due in part to the limited number of U.S. missile interceptors. Instead, the technology is aimed at what the United States views as“rogue” states, such as Iran or North Korea. “They know very well that it’s not about them. Our missile defense has never been about them,” White said. She added that the U.S. focus in addressing Russia’s nuclear modernization was strengthening America’s own nuclear forces to serve as a deterrent. Lisbeth Gronlund, senior scientist and co-director of the Global Security Program of the Union of Concerned Scientists, said Putin’s announcement of a missile with a nuclear-powered engine, even if true, would change little when it came to the Russian threat since Russia already has large numbers of ICBMs. Putin also voiced concerns about a new U.S. nuclear doctrine, saying Russia’s own doctrine was defensive and only envisaged the use of nuclear weapons in response to an attack. Russia has repeatedly said it is keen to hold talks with the United States about the balance of strategic nuclear power and Putin put Washington and other nuclear powers on notice. “We will view any use of nuclear weapons against Russia or its allies, be it of small, medium or any force, as a nuclear attack on our country,” he said. “Our response will be immediate. Nobody should have any doubts about that.” Putin said that Russia did not plan to attack anyone, however. Russia’s growing military might was a guarantee of world peace, he said, designed to preserve a strategic balance of power on the planet. 
969192845516173312	2018-03-01 12:49:15	https://t.co/5EEGpbyalJ	U.N. says Russia must upgrade its Eastern Ghouta aid plan https://t.co/5EEGpbyalJ	 GENEVA (Reuters) - A Russian plan for a five-hour pause in fighting in Syria’s eastern Ghouta needs to be expanded to allow aid deliveries to enter and civilians and urgent medical cases to leave, United Nations officials said on Thursday. In one of the fiercest onslaughts of Syria’s seven-year civil war, hundreds of people have died in 11 days of bombing of eastern Ghouta, a swathe of towns and farms outside Damascus that is the last major rebel-controlled area near the capital. The Syrian army and its allies launched ground assaults on the edge of eastern Ghouta on Thursday, backed by a bombardment the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said killed 11 people. “You are failing to help us help civilians in Syria,” U.N. humanitarian adviser Jan Egeland told diplomats from 23 states attending a weekly meeting in Geneva. “Eastern Ghouta is devoid of respect for international law.” Some 400,000 people trapped in government-besieged eastern Ghouta need life-saving aid, and the only convoy allowed so far this year was a small one in mid-February with aid for just 7,200 people, Egeland said. U.N. satellite analysis has shown significant damage across much of eastern Ghouta since Dec. 3, though the enclave has been subjected to regular bombardment throughout the conflict. Russia, a strong ally of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, has called for daily five-hour local ceasefires to establish what it calls a humanitarian corridor so aid can enter the enclave and civilians and wounded can leave. But the first such truce on Tuesday quickly collapsed when bombing and shelling resumed after a short lull. “We were not involved in the talks that led to the declaration of a five-hour pause. And if we had been we would say that it is not enough,” Egeland said. Egeland said a“two-way” humanitarian corridor was needed, with several convoys each week into eastern Ghouta, while 1,000 priority medical cases must be evacuated for treatment. “I have to say I know no humanitarian actor... who thinks the five hours is enough for us to be able to deliver relief into eastern Ghouta and to organize orderly medical evacuations out,” he said of the Russian unilateral declaration. Moscow, which says the rebel groups based in eastern Ghouta are terrorists and not covered by the U.N. resolution, said they had stopped people leaving by attacking a safe route out of the enclave. The rebel groups, which have said they would accept a full ceasefire, deny preventing civilians leaving the area. They say people fear arrest or conscription despite Russia’s pledges that any who surrender to the Syrian government would be safe. Assad’s other major ally, Iran, said it would continue to support his war effort. Tehran has deployed an alliance of Shi’ite militia in Syria since early in the conflict. “The enemies cannot do a damn thing if we fulfill our duty,” Iran’s Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei was quoted by state television as saying. “Iran will continue to support the Syrian government.” During Thursday’s meeting of the humanitarian taskforce in Geneva, the United Nations received notice that it may get permission from Damascus to go to Douma in eastern Ghouta. “We have 43 trucks standing by to go there and full warehouses to load into the trucks as soon as we get the permit,” Egeland said. U.N. Syria envoy Staffan de Mistura told reporters the world body would not give up seeking a full 30-day ceasefire, as mandated by the U.N. Security Council last Saturday. “We are determined because otherwise this becomes the copycat of Aleppo,” de Mistura said, referring to a battle for besieged rebel-held eastern Aleppo in late 2016. Ghanem Tayara, chairman of the Union of Medical Care and Relief Organisations (UOSSM) working in Syria, said some 1,123 patients needed evacuation from eastern Ghouta, where two hospitals had been bombed since Saturday’s resolution. “That means these people will die during the next few days if we don’t take them out. They need intensive care units. We don’t have them.” 
969191290377302016	2018-03-01 12:43:04	https://t.co/j9gOLC6dch	EU court says Adidas may defend its three stripes design https://t.co/j9gOLC6dch https://t.co/jDpZgDTtPb	 FRANKFURT (Reuters) - A European court said that German sporting goods maker Adidas (ADSGn.DE) may oppose the registration of two parallel stripes on shoes as an EU trademark, affirming earlier decisions by the European Union Intellectual Property Office (EUIPO). Adidas had opposed Belgian company Shoe Branding Europe’s application for two EU trademarks for two parallel stripes on shoes as it was too similar to its own iconic three-stripe design. The EUIPO refused registration in separate decisions in 2015 and 2016. The Luxembourg-based General Court, Europe’s second-highest, on Thursday affirmed the EUIPO’s decisions, saying that the design Shoe Branding had proposed would take unfair advantage of Adidas’ reputation and that it had not demonstrated due cause for its use. 
969190729921724416	2018-03-01 12:40:51	https://t.co/OWTDpm5Tms	UK's May to make "real step forward" in EU talks with Friday speech https://t.co/OWTDpm5Tms	 LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May will set out her vision for an“ambitious economic partnership” with the European Union on Friday, which her team of ministers agreed would be a“real step forward” in talks with the bloc, her spokesman said on Thursday. “The prime minister began by setting out that her objective is to secure an ambitious economic partnership with the EU,” the spokesman told reporters before a planned speech on Friday. “Cabinet ministers held a detailed and positive discussion agreeing that the speech would represent a real step forward in the negotiations.” 
969190729816985600	2018-03-01 12:40:51	https://t.co/BJ3PQJVD5c	German SPD minister expects 60 percent party support for coalition https://t.co/BJ3PQJVD5c	 BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany’s Social Democrat (SPD) environment minister said on Thursday she expects party members to support a new coalition government with Chancellor Angela Merkel’s conservatives by a margin of 60 percent. The SPD’s 464,000 members are voting in a postal ballot on whether to endorse their party leadership’s decision to renew for another four years the‘grand coalition’ that took office in 2013. The result of the postal ballot is due on Sunday. “I expect it to turn out positively,” Environment Minister Barbara Hendricks told a news conference in Berlin.“I expect around 60 percent (approval).” An opinion poll on Thursday showed rising support for both blocs, with Merkel’s conservatives gaining one point to 34 percent and the SPD rising 2 points to 18 percent. The conservative bloc, comprising Merkel’s Christian Democratic Union (CDU) and the Bavarian Christian Social Union (CSU), embarked on coalition talks with the SPD after negotiations with two smaller parties failed last November. Senior officials from the CDU, CSU and SPD met in the chancellery on Thursday to iron out outstanding issues on the formation of a coalition government, party sources said. The SPD members’ ballot runs until Friday. A poll released on Wednesday showed a narrow majority - 56 percent - of SPD voters in favor of a re-run of the grand coalition. However, the poll surveyed a far broader group than the party members taking part in the decisive ballot. The CDU approved the coalition deal on Monday, bringing closer a fourth term for Merkel as well as an end to political limbo in Europe’s preeminent power. The chancellor said she hoped the SPD would also back the deal. CSU leader Horst Seehofer said on Wednesday Germany should hold a new election if SPD members vote against a coalition with her conservative bloc. Merkel has been more guarded on the issue of a minority government since November, when she said after the breakdown of coalition talks with the business-friendly Free Democrats and environmentalist Greens that she would prefer a new election to leading one. 
969190534769233926	2018-03-01 12:40:04	https://t.co/NBujLKDSv2	Israeli-U.S. teen indicted for bomb threats, hate crimes: U.S. Justice Department https://t.co/NBujLKDSv2 https://t.co/AGgf0puNRp	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A 19-year-old man has been indicted for hate crimes connected to threats against Jewish community centers, as well as threatening the Israeli embassy and cyberstalking, the U.S. Justice Department said on Wednesday. Michael Kadar was arrested in Israel last year and is awaiting trial there. U.S. and Israeli authorities have previously charged him with making thousands of threats, including to airports, schools and Jewish centers, in the United States in 2016 and early 2017. Kadar, who holds dual U.S.-Israeli citizenship, was indicted by grand juries in Florida, Georgia and the District of Columbia for making threats from January to March 2017, the Justice Department said in a statement. The statement did not say whether he would be extradited to the United States. Kadar is alleged to have telephoned the Anti-Defamation League with a bomb threat and making a bomb threat in an email to the Israeli embassy in Washington, both in March 2017, the Justice Department said. Kadar, who is Jewish, was indicted for allegedly calling police in January 2017 about a hoax hostage situation at a home in Athens, Georgia, which included a threat to kill responding officers. Kadar also faces a federal cyberstalking indictment in Georgia. In Florida, Kadar was charged with making multiple threatening calls about bomb threats and gun attacks against Jewish community centers throughout the state in January and February 2017. He also is alleged to have made bomb threats against the Orlando International Airport and a school. The hoax threats to the Jewish community centers forced widespread evacuations and raised fears of a resurgence in anti-Semitism. U.S. authorities have said in court documents that Kadar advertised his services on AlphaBay, a now-closed online black market, and offered to threaten any school for $30. The Justice Department shut AlphBay down in July 2017. Israeli authorities have accused him of earning about $240,000 worth of the digital currency Bitcoin after selling his threat services on the dark web. Kadar’s parents have said he has a brain tumor that caused autism and other mental problems, making him unable to understand the nature of his actions. If convicted, Kadar faces up to 20 years in prison for each hate crime charge and a maximum of 10 years for each bomb threat charge. The interstate threats charge, the hoax charge and cyberstalking charge call for up to five years in prison apiece. 
969188063669874689	2018-03-01 12:30:15	https://t.co/EzSlCasp59	Nonprofits scramble to comply with new Google ad policy https://t.co/EzSlCasp59 https://t.co/aZfxvxO2Wb	 SAN FRANCISCO(Reuters) - Thousands of nonprofit organizations could lose a monthly advertising grant from Alphabet Inc’s Google as soon as Thursday, cutting off an important source of traffic to their websites. Google gives $10,000 in credits each to 35,000 nonprofits worldwide every month to buy ads on its search engine. But Google found that some ads received few clicks and announced in December that it would stop funding groups that generate clicks off less than 5 percent of their ads in two consecutive months. Grant recipients called it a wake up call to pay attention to Google after years of focusing on social media marketing. But despite rushing to comply, several said they could not do so in only two months and that their accounts may not get funded for March. “We’re very grateful for the program,” said Conrad Contreras, communications manager for Greenlining Institute, an Oakland, Calif. social justice organization afraid of losing the funds.“But five percent in two months, it’s just unrealistic.” Organizations can seek reinstatement after demonstrating changes. The 15-year-old AdWords Ad Grants program did not previously have a click threshold. Advertisers list search terms such as“donate clothing” for which they would like their ads to appear. Perfecting phrases is key to garnering clicks. Google said it increased training this year, and that the average click rate among nonprofits in February was about 6 percent. Rates can range from around 2 percent to 12 percent among other advertisers. “We revised our Ad Grants policies to help nonprofits be more effective with AdWords and improve the quality of their ads, which will lead to targeted awareness of their projects and mission,” a Google statement to Reuters said. Greenlining hired a consultant that helped boost its click rate to 3.5 percent in February from 1 percent in December by concentrating spending on better performing ads and simplifying language in ads. Contreras said the ads are valuable because they drive ten times as many website visitors from Google as Greenlining would otherwise get. At the American Forest Foundation in Washington, D.C., communications director Elizabeth Greener said she recently began scouring news articles and industry websites to find phrases policymakers and corporate executives are likely looking up. Other tweaks have included ensuring searches for Christmas tree farms do not show the foundation’s ads. Still, clicks doubled from January to just 4 percent in February. Susheila Juggapah, digital content manager at London charity networking organization CharityComms, eliminated immediate risk of suspension by reaching 7 percent in January with help from digital marketing agency Montfort. But Juggapah expressed concern about smaller organizations. “I hope Google understands the limitations most charities face and is kind to those who cannot hit the requirements in time,” she said. 
969187696898961409	2018-03-01 12:28:48	https://t.co/Z3eTfQ0Qig	French judge steps up Le Pen investigation over Islamic State tweets https://t.co/Z3eTfQ0Qig	 PARIS (Reuters) - France’s far-right leader Marine Le Pen was on Thursday placed under formal investigation on suspicion of disseminating violent images over tweets she posted of Islamic State executions, a judicial source said. The investigation relates to three graphic images of Islamic State executions she posted on Twitter in December 2015, including the beheading of American journalist James Foley. A spokesman for Le Pen did not immediately respond to calls and SMS text messages. Le Pen had denounced an earlier stage of the investigation as “political interference”. The judge’s decision to step up the investigation comes a little over a week ahead of the National Front’s annual congress, where she is expected to lay out how she plans to rebuild the battered party after her thumping defeat at the hands of President Emmanuel Macron in last spring’s election. It is, though, unlikely to affect her popularity with party loyalists. Other ongoing investigations, including one into allegations her party misused European Union funds to pay parliamentary assistants and another into the financing of past election campaigns, have not dented her appeal among the National Front faithful. Under France’s legal system, being formally placed under investigation often - but not always - leads to a person being sent to trial. 
969182396154294273	2018-03-01 12:07:44	https://t.co/bGXj1l1PfQ	Exclusive: U.S. mulls sanctions on Venezuela to put pressure on Maduro https://t.co/bGXj1l1PfQ	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration is considering imposing sanctions on a military-run Venezuelan oil services company and restricting insurance coverage for Venezuelan oil shipments to increase pressure on socialist President Nicolas Maduro, a U.S. official said. With Maduro running for another term in an election that Washington and its allies regard as a sham, the United States is weighing sanctions that would target Venezuela’s vital oil sector beyond what has been done before, the official told Reuters on Wednesday. Some measures could come before the vote and others could be imposed afterwards. The official, who is close to U.S. internal deliberations on Venezuela policy and who spoke on condition of anonymity, would not rule out an eventual full-scale ban on Venezuelan oil shipments to the United States, among the toughest of oil-related sanctions. “I think (it would cause) a fairly strong shock to the oil market in the short term,” the official said. The official stressed that no decisions have been made and that any U.S. action would take into consideration potential harm to ordinary Venezuelans, already suffering from food shortages and hyperinflation, and the country’s neighbors as well as the impact on the U.S. oil industry and consumers. Venezuela’s Information Ministry did not respond to a request for comment on potential further sanctions. Maduro, himself subject to sanctions last year, regularly laughs off Washington’s disapproval and blames the U.S.“empire” for his country’s economic woes, saying it is trying to undermine Venezuela’s leftist government. Venezuela was the fourth largest supplier of crude oil and products to the United States in 2017, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration. Its crude oil sales to the United States last year were the lowest since 1991, according to Thomson Reuters trade flows data. “Oil sanctions are not taken lightly,” the official said. “This would be a fairly strong escalation for U.S. policy, whether it’s a complete oil sanction or salami slices of different graduated steps.” President Donald Trump’s administration is also considering possible sanctions against additional military and political figures, including Socialist Party No. 2 Diosdado Cabello, the official said. Experts say sanctions on individuals have had little or no impact on the Venezuelan government’s policies. Washington’s crafting of new sanctions comes as Venezuela’s main opposition coalition is boycotting the election, citing“fraudulent” conditions. Venezuela’s election board postponed the presidential vote from April 22 to the second half of May on Thursday after an agreement between the government and some opposition parties. Critics had accused Venezuelan authorities of holding the vote early in the year to wrong-foot the opposition. The U.S. official had said before news of the date change that even if Venezuelan authorities delayed the election by a month or two, it was not likely to prompt Washington to hold back on sanctions. The best tool for making the Venezuelan government feel economic pain, U.S. government sources say, is through“sectoral” sanctions, such as financial measures announced in August that barred U.S. banks from any new debt deals with Venezuelan authorities or state-run oil giant PDVSA. Venezuela’s foreign minister, Jorge Arreaza, said in Geneva on Tuesday that U.S. sanctions are making foreign debt renegotiation more difficult and causing“panic” at global banks. Among the possible new U.S. targets is Camimpeg, Venezuela’s military-run oil services firm, the official said. Camimpeg provides PDVSA with assistance in drilling, logistics and security and was founded by the military in 2016 although little is known about its activities. The opposition says the armed forces are a nest of corruption and accuse Maduro of trying to buy the support of military chiefs by giving them increasing control of the OPEC nation’s crude reserves, the world’s largest. Another option would be sanctions aimed at putting restrictions on insurance coverage for oil tankers and oil cargos involving PDVSA, the official said. Oil exports are typically protected by insurance on tankers as well as on the cargo. Without insurance, a vessel cannot navigate in international waters, which means Venezuela’s oil exports would likely be curtailed. Sanctions on cargo insurance would also hurt because PDVSA has a limited tanker fleet. The Trump administration is still considering blocking the sale of lighter U.S. crude and refined products that Venezuela mixes with its heavy crude and then exports, the official told Reuters. “There’s a host of additional sanctions that could be imposed. The president has all those before him,” U.S. Senator Marco Rubio said in an interview with Reuters. Rubio has pushed for Trump to take a tougher line on Venezuela than former President Barack Obama. In a commentary in the Miami Herald, Rubio called for a“united front of disaffected government insiders and military personnel, with popular support from the Venezuelan people, to remove Maduro.” The U.S. official interviewed by Reuters reiterated the administration’s stance that it is not seeking“regime change.” The Venezuelan government did not respond to a request for comment on Rubio’s remarks. Maduro and other senior officials have frequently accused the United States of trying to provoke a coup. The Trump administration has also pressed Cuba, Venezuela’s Communist-ruled ally, to stop“propping up” Maduro, the U.S. official said. Cuba has long depended on Caracas for cut-rate oil supplies that have fallen off amid Venezuela’s crisis. Cuba has provided Venezuela with doctors and other services. U.S. authorities have said that includes a political and security advisory role. Asked whether Washington could impose sanctions on Cuban officials, the U.S. official said,“I’m not prepared to comment on that,” but added that the administration was “looking at all options” necessary to pressure Venezuela. The Cuban government did not respond to a request for comment. 
969181334374633472	2018-03-01 12:03:31	https://t.co/XEhSWRSzWv	Finnish PM says would dissolve coalition if healthcare reform falls https://t.co/XEhSWRSzWv	 HELSINKI (Reuters) - Finnish Prime Minister Juha Sipila said on Thursday that he would dissolve his center-right coalition government if it fails to push through its healthcare and local government reform in the coming months. The reforms, expected to reduce annual costs by 3 billion euros ($3.7 billion), are a cornerstone of the three-party coalition’s plan to balance public finances in the face of fast-ageing population. Lawmaker Elina Lepomaki from co-ruling NCP party earlier this week voiced her opposition to the plan, raising concerns over whether the government, which controls 105 of the 200 seats in parliament, will be able to push the vote through in June. “My assumption is that all government parties will stick to the common agreement,” Sipila, who leads the Centre Party, told reporters. Asked on a possible plan B, Sipila said: “New elections. This is a huge reform, the biggest in this country since the wars... For us, this is deliver or quit,” he said. The bill plans to boost competition between public and private healthcare providers by opening up more opportunities to the private sector. It also plans to establish 18 new healthcare regions that will assume the provision of services from more than 300 local governments at present. Finland’s next general election is scheduled for April 2019. ($1 = 0.8204 euros) 
969178336193859585	2018-03-01 11:51:36	https://t.co/yDRiuQ53Mn	Ukraine parliament backs bill on anti-corruption court https://t.co/yDRiuQ53Mn	 KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine’s parliament on Thursday approved in the first reading a draft law to create an anti-corruption court, a step towards fulfilling requirements for a long-delayed loan tranche from the International Monetary Fund. Reform campaigners and Ukraine’s Western backers say establishing an independent court to handle corruption cases is essential for the ex-Soviet republic’s efforts to cement the rule of law and reduce the power of vested interests. President Petro Poroshenko submitted the bill to parliament in December, but Ukraine’s foreign backers have expressed concern that the legislation is not in line with recommendations from the Venice Commission, a rights watchdog. The Ukrainian authorities have said the bill will be amended before its second and final reading to ensure it is fully in line with international norms. “We need to make sure this court works effectively,” the head of the People’s Front faction, Makysym Burbak, said ahead of the vote in parliament. “Between the first and second readings we will take into account all recommendations of the Venice Commission.” As well as creating the court, Ukraine must also stick to gas price commitments and implement sustainable pension reform in order to qualify for the next loan tranche of around $2 billion from the IMF. 
969178336118308867	2018-03-01 11:51:36	https://t.co/WzIRtEpzqK	South Africa's Ramaphosa says aims to resolve land issue "once and for all" https://t.co/WzIRtEpzqK	 CAPE TOWN (Reuters) - South African President Cyril Ramaphosa said on Thursday he wants talks on the thorny topic of land expropriation to avoid panic but aims to resolve the issue of racial disparities in property ownership“once and for all”. South Africa took a step on Tuesday to hasten the transfer of land from white to black owners when parliament backed a motion seeking to change the constitution to allow land expropriation without compensation. The ruling African National Congress (ANC) has long promised reforms to redress racial disparities in land ownership and the subject remains highly emotive more than two decades after the end of apartheid. Whites still own most of South Africa’s land following centuries of brutal colonial dispossession. Ramaphosa said after his inauguration two weeks ago that he would speed up the transfer of land to black people, although he stressed that food production and security must be preserved. “I will shortly initiate a dialogue with key stakeholders... There is no need for any one of us to panic and start beating war drums,” Ramaphosa said in parliament. “We are going to address this and make sure that we come up with resolutions that resolve this once and for all. This original sin that was committed when our country was colonized must be resolved in a way that will take South Africa forward.” Civil rights group AfriForum has said it will launch an international campaign to inform governments and foreign investors“that property rights in South Africa are being threatened”, it said in a statement. AfriForum, an organization that mostly represents white South Africans on issues like affirmative action, said foreign investments in South Africa will also not be safe should plans for land expropriation without compensation go ahead. Kallie Kriel, CEO of AfriForum, said land expropriation“could unleash conflict in the country” without elaborating. He said AfriForum will lobby South African trade partners and ask countries whose citizens own land in the country to put pressure on Pretoria to stop the process of land expropriation. The ruling ANC adopted a policy at its conference in December to redress racial ownership disparities by expropriating land without compensation, pledging to do so in way that does not undermine food security in the country, Africa’s top maize producer. It is still not clear when any change to Section 25 of the constitution to allow expropriation of land without compensation would take place. 
969177399429681152	2018-03-01 11:47:53	https://t.co/IkdGaI1jKq	Exclusive: Israel's El Al seeks international help to access Saudi airspace https://t.co/IkdGaI1jKq	 TEL AVIV (Reuters) - Israel’s flag carrier El Al has asked an airline industry lobby group to help it access Saudi Arabian airspace, so it can compete with Air India’s [AIN.UL] planned route between India and Israel. The request came in a letter on Wednesday from El Al’s chief executive to the International Air Transport Association (IATA), in which he said he has also approached Israel’s prime minister. Saudi Arabia does not recognize Israel though there has been a thawing of the relationship between the U.S. allies, with a shared concern over Iranian influence in the region. Granting an Israeli airline access to its air space by lifting a 70-year-old ban, however, would mark a dramatic diplomatic shift. The appeal is a response to plans revealed by Air India last month to begin direct flights to Tel Aviv which pass through Saudi airspace, a shorter route so far off-limits to all Israel-bound commercial planes. There has been no official announcement whether Air India has received permission to fly over Saudi soil for its proposed thrice-weekly flights. El Al’s CEO has now turned to the head of IATA, Alexandre de Juniac, saying he understood no such permission would be granted to Israeli jetliners and asking Juniac to step in to prevent“an uneven playing field.” “I am approaching you and kindly requesting IATA to intervene and to represent aviation industry’s interest by advocating equal overfly rights for all carriers over the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and opposing any form of discrimination,” CEO Gonen Usishkin wrote in the letter seen by Reuters. IATA’s membership includes 280 airlines in 120 countries. Usishkin said he has also requested help from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to resolve the issue. El Al has yet to receive a response. El Al currently flies four weekly flights to Mumbai, but these take seven hours rather than five as they take a route south towards Ethiopia and then east to India, avoiding Saudi airspace. Shortening the route would also be a significant cost-cutter. Air India has not received any communication yet from the aviation regulator, a company spokesman said when asked whether the airline had received permission to operate flights to Israel over the Saudi airspace. The proposed India-Israel route is a result of strengthening ties between the two countries. In his letter Usishkin, who became CEO two weeks ago, said Air India’s flights are scheduled to begin on March 6, citing slot information from Israel’s Airports Authority. 
969173297815572485	2018-03-01 11:31:35	https://t.co/9wHn5ahF9C	Putin: Moscow would regard nuclear attack on allies as attack on Russia https://t.co/9wHn5ahF9C	 MOSCOW (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that Moscow would regard a nuclear attack on its allies as a nuclear attack on Russia itself and would immediately respond. Putin said that Russia had tested an array of new nuclear weapons, including a new nuclear-powered missile at the end of 2017 which could reach almost any point in the world and could not be intercepted by anti-missile systems. “We would consider any use of nuclear weapons against Russia or its allies to be a nuclear attack on our country. The response would be immediate,” Putin said in a speech to Russian lawmakers. 
969172959687577601	2018-03-01 11:30:14	https://t.co/Amf2mA43Vd	Russia's Putin says rescued banks need to be sold to the market https://t.co/Amf2mA43Vd https://t.co/FtjAeoJ5Cm	 MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that Russian banks rescued by the central bank need to be sold back to the market. He told parliament in his annual address that Russia has to improve economic freedoms and the rule of law in the business world. 
969163347567529984	2018-03-01 10:52:02	https://t.co/0Bggg0hKAP	Big pharma, big data: why drugmakers want your health records https://t.co/0Bggg0hKAP reports @reutersBenHir https://t.co/TNqEBVrK8w	 LONDON (Reuters) - Drugmakers are racing to scoop up patient health records and strike deals with technology companies as big data analytics start to unlock a trove of information about how medicines perform in the real world. Studying such real-world evidence offers manufacturers a powerful tool to prove the value of their drugs - something Roche (ROG.S) aims to leverage, for example, with last month’s $2 billion purchase of Flatiron Health. Real-world evidence involves collecting data outside traditional randomized clinical trials, the current gold standard for judging medicines, and interest in the field is ballooning. Half of the world’s 1,800 clinical studies involving real-world or real-life data since 2006 have been started in the last three years, with a record 300 last year, according to a Reuters analysis of the U.S. National Institutes of Health’s clinicaltrials.gov website. Hot areas for such studies include cancer, heart disease and respiratory disorders. Historically, it has been hard to get a handle on how drugs work in routine clinical practice but the rise of electronic medical records, databases of insurance claims, fitness wearables and even social media now offers a wealth of new data. The ability to capture the experience of real-world patients, who represent a wider sample of society than the relatively narrow selection enrolled into traditional trials, is increasingly useful as medicine becomes more personalized. However it also opens a new front in the debate about corporate access to personal data at a time when tech giants Apple (AAPL.O), Amazon (AMZN.O) and Google’s parent Alphabet (GOOGL.O) are seeking to carve out a healthcare niche. Some campaigners and academics worry such data will be used primarily as a commercial tool by drugmakers and may intrude upon patients’ privacy. Learning from the experience of millions of patients provides granularity and is especially important in a disease like cancer, where doctors want to know if there is a greater benefit from using a certain drug in patients with highly specific tumor characteristics. In the case of the Flatiron deal, Roche is acquiring a firm working with 265 U.S. community cancer clinics and six major academic research centers, making it a leading curator of oncology evidence. Roche, which already owns 12.6 percent of Flatiron, will pay $1.9 billion for the rest. But interest in such real-world data goes far beyond cancer. All the world’s major drug companies now have departments focused on the use of real-world data across multiple diseases and several have completed scientific studies using the information to delve into key areas addressed by their drugs. They include diabetes studies by AstraZeneca (AZN.L) and Sanofi (SASY.PA), joint research by Pfizer (PFE.N) and Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY.N) into stroke prevention, and a Takeda Pharmaceutical (4502.T) project in bowel disease. “It’s getting more expensive to do traditional clinical trial research, so industry is looking at ways it can achieve similar goals using routinely collected data,” said Paul Taylor, a health informatics expert at University College London. “The thing that has made all this possible is the increasing digitization of health records.” Significantly, the world’s regulators are taking notice. U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Commissioner Scott Gottlieb - the gatekeeper to the world’s biggest pharmaceutical market - believes more widespread use of real-world evidence (RWE) could cut drug development costs and help doctors make better medical choices. Under the 21st Century Cures Act, the FDA has been directed to evaluate the expanded use of RWE.“As the breadth and reliability of RWE increases, so do opportunities for FDA to also make use of this information,” Gottlieb said in a speech last September. The European Medicines Agency, too, is studying ways to use RWE in its decision making. (GRAPHIC: Drug research gets real - tmsnrt.rs/2otRk8g) But the growth of real-world evidence also raises questions about data access and patient privacy, as Britain’s National Health Service (NHS) - a uniquely comprehensive source of healthcare data - has found to its cost. An ambitious scheme to pool anonymized NHS patient data for both academic and commercial use had to be scrapped in 2016 after protests from both patients and doctors. And last year a British hospital trust was rapped by the Information Commissioner’s Office for misusing data, after it passed on personal information of around 1.6 million patients to artificial-intelligence firm Google DeepMind. Sam Smith, a campaigner for medical data privacy at Britain’s MedConfidential, is concerned drugmakers’ RWE studies are just a cover for marketing.“How much of this is really for scientific discovery and how much is it about boosting profits by getting one product used instead of another?” Some academics also worry RWE studies could be susceptible to“data dredging”, where multiple analyses are conducted until one gives the hoped-for result. AstraZeneca’s head of innovative medicines Mene Pangalos, whose company has struck several deals with tech start-ups and patient groups to gather real-world data, acknowledges ensuring privacy and scientific rigor is a challenge. “It’s a real problem but I don’t think it’s insurmountable,” he told Reuters. “As people get more comfortable with real-world evidence studies I think it will be much more widely used. I would like to see a world where real-world data can be used to help change drug labels and be used much more aggressively than it is today.” Roche Chief Executive Severin Schwan believes data is the next frontier for drugmakers and he is betting that the Swiss group’s leadership in both cancer medicine and diagnostics will put it in pole position. “There’s an opportunity for us to have a strategic advantage by bringing together diagnostics and pharma with data management. This triangle is almost impossible for anybody else to copy,” he said in a December interview. Still, even Roche cannot work alone in this new world. “You can have a big debate about whose data it is - the patient’s, the government’s, the insurer’s - but one thing for sure is the pharmaceutical company does not own it. So there’s no choice but to do partnerships,” Schwan said. With Apple’s latest iPhone update including a new feature allowing users to view their medical records, Amazon teaming with Berkshire Hathaway (BRKa.N) and JPMorgan Chase (JPM.N) on a new healthcare company, and numerous start-ups flooding in, the partnering opportunities are plentiful. “You are going to see more deals,” said Susan Garfield, a partner in EY’s life sciences advisory practice.“Data already has tremendous value and it is going to have increasing value in future. The question is who is going to own and capture it.” 
969163024031510528	2018-03-01 10:50:45	https://t.co/S8kF8FxDfu	Council of Europe urges Greece to step up anti-corruption efforts https://t.co/S8kF8FxDfu	 ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece needs to step up efforts to prevent corruption by lawmakers and judges and improve transparency of party financing, the Council of Europe said in two reports on Thursday. Greeks have suffered years of austerity brought on by a debilitating financial crisis that many blame on political corruption, a spendthrift state and endemic tax evasion. The Strasbourg-based Council of Europe, a 47-nation human rights body which has no legislative powers, praised Greece for adopting a code of conduct for its lawmakers and for improving their declarations of assets. But a report by the Council’s Group of States against Corruption (GRECO) said Greece needed to do more to speed up procedures for the adoption of laws in parliament and rules for lifting lawmakers’ immunity, as the number of denials to lift immunity“significantly outweighed” approved requests. It said more determined action was needed against delays in judicial proceedings, and recommended that Greece set clear standards of professional conduct and integrity for judges and prosecutors. In a second report on transparency of party financing, the it criticized Greece for reintroducing a certain level of anonymity in donations, just two years after banning them completely. “The approach followed in Greece, with multiple, often divergent legal changes within short periods of time, creates an unpredictable legal framework which may result in ineffective implementation and a substantial lack of transparency,” the report states. Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras swept to power in 2015 on a promise to end austerity and crack down on corruption. 
969160333922324480	2018-03-01 10:40:04	https://t.co/HmHSe0PgEF	Alibaba unit invests $150 million in India's Zomato https://t.co/HmHSe0PgEF https://t.co/2evwDGQrbe	 MUMBAI (Reuters) - A unit of China’s Alibaba Group Holding Ltd has invested $150 million in Zomato, valuing the Indian food search and delivery service at more than $1 billion, the companies said on Thursday. Ant Financial Services Group, Alibaba’s payment affiliate, is also buying $50 million worth of shares in secondary purchases as part of the transaction. Zomato, which provides services across 24 countries, said it will use the funds to improve products and technology. 
969159032513617920	2018-03-01 10:34:54	https://t.co/ytCTiC5fi7	EU lawmakers to support tough action on Poland over rule of law https://t.co/ytCTiC5fi7	 BRUSSELS/WARSAW (Reuters) - EU lawmakers on Thursday supported the European Commission’s plans to take unprecedented punitive steps against Poland over reforms of its judiciary and state media that they say threaten the rule of law in the ex-communist country. In a further sign of Warsaw’s deepening international isolation, a new Holocaust law that has angered Israel and the United States, Poland’s close NATO ally, came into force on Thursday. The law imposes jail sentences of up to three years for saying Poland was complicit in Nazi German crimes. The European Union’s executive Commission has recommended a procedure that could theoretically lead to Poland losing its voting rights in the EU unless it concedes ground by March 20 on the issue of political control of the judiciary. The European Parliament voted on Thursday 422 in favour to 147 against, with 48 abstentions, on a non-binding resolution to support the Commission’s tough stance towards Poland. The vote adds to pressure from Western European governments who have told Poland, once an earnest champion of democratic changes after the fall of communism, that time is running out for it to address their concerns over democratic freedoms. Poland’s nationalist ruling Law and Justice Party (PiS) says its reforms are an internal matter and are needed because the courts are inefficient and steeped in a communist era-mentality. Its new prime minister, Mateusz Morawiecki, has sought to soothe the tensions since the start of this year and is due to meet Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker again on March 8. Stripping Poland of its EU voting rights remains unlikely because it would require unanimity among all other EU governments and Hungary’s Prime Minister Viktor Orban, himself seen by the EU as weakening democratic checks and balances, has promised to block any such action against his Polish ally. But it would be politically very embarrassing for Poland if the EU ever comes to vote on sanctions, even with a Hungarian veto. The dispute could also prompt member states to cut funds allocated to Poland in the next EU budget that runs from 2021. Poland is currently the biggest beneficiary of EU handouts for infrastructure and other projects. Meanwhile, a Polish delegation headed by Deputy Foreign Minister Bartosz Cichocki held talks in Israel on Thursday in an effort to defuse the row over Poland’s new Holocaust law. Israel and the United States say the law could criminalize truthful scholarship on the role some Poles played in German crimes. Opponents accuse PiS of politicizing World War Two to build a nationalist sense of grievance among Poles. PiS, which sees Poland solely as a victim of Nazi German aggression, says the law is needed to protect national honour. “We are here ready and open to answer all the questions and to clarify whatever is left to be clarified with regard to the anti-defamation law recently amended in Poland,” Chicocki told his Israeli hosts in Jerusalem. Israeli Foreign Ministry director-general Yuval Rotem replied:“We must make sure that historical truths are preserved and that there will be no restriction on the freedom of research and speech...” More than 90 percent of the 3.2 million Jews who lived in pre-war Poland were murdered by the Nazis during their occupation of the country, accounting for about half of all Jews killed in the Holocaust. Jews from other parts of Europe were sent to be murdered at death camps such as Auschwitz and Treblinka, built and operated by the Germans in Poland. The Nazis also killed 1.9 million non-Jewish Polish citizens, although there was never a plan to exterminate all of them, as there was with Jews. 
969159032333307904	2018-03-01 10:34:54	https://t.co/TmM47PnT7T	Taliban pour cold water on invitation to Afghan peace talks https://t.co/TmM47PnT7T	 KABUL (Reuters) - The Taliban on Thursday issued a cool response to proposals that they should begin peace talks with the Afghan government, a day after President Ashraf Ghani offered a pact to recognize the insurgents as a legitimate party in negotiations. The movement has not yet given any formal answer to Ghani’s invitation, made at a conference of officials from countries in the so-called Kabul Process aimed at creating a platform for talks to end more than 16 years of war. But its chief spokesman did reply to an“Open Letter” published this week in the New Yorker magazine by Barnett Rubin, a respected commentator on Afghan politics, who urged the Taliban to accept talks with the Kabul government. “Our country has been occupied, which has led to an American-style supposed Afghan government being imposed upon us,” the Taliban response said. “And your view that we talk to them and accept their legitimacy is the same formula adopted by America to win the war,” it said, adding that the Kabul Process was simply aimed at seeking the“surrender” of the Taliban. The comments come a month after the Taliban claimed responsibility for an attack in which an ambulance packed with explosives blew up in Kabul, killing around 100 people, in the worst attack seen in months. As part of its new regional strategy announced last year, the United States has stepped up assistance to the Afghan military and greatly increased air strikes against the Taliban, in a bid to break the stalemate and force the insurgents to the negotiating table. However Taliban fighters control large parts of the country, the Kabul government itself is deeply divided and thousands of Afghan soldiers and civilians are being killed every year. The Taliban have themselves twice offered to talk to the United States in recent weeks, but have ruled out talks with the Kabul government, a key sticking point that must be resolved before any talks can start. While the international community sees Ghani’s administration as the sole legitimate government of Afghanistan, the Taliban see it as an artificial, foreign-imposed regime that does not represent the Afghan people. The Taliban statement said the movement was“sincerely committed” to meeting international concerns over Afghanistan being used as a base for terrorist attacks and had no wish for conflict with the United States or other powers. “The crux of the matter is, what is the vital concern of America, is it really terrorism?” it said. “Or is it extracting the mineral wealth of Afghanistan, imposing a self-styled government, preventing establishment of an Islamic system and pursuing imperial ambitions in the region from this land?” “In such circumstances, we do not care about America, neither do we want to talk, nor end resistance, nor will we get tired,” it said. 
969156155636375552	2018-03-01 10:23:28	https://t.co/2fFTb1OKWD	Suicide car bomb detonates in Mogadishu, causing casualties: police https://t.co/2fFTb1OKWD	 MOGADISHU (Reuters) - A mortar attack in the Somali capital Mogadishu, claimed by Islamist group al Shabaab, killed three civilians and injured two others on Thursday, the African Union peacekeeping force AMISOM said. The mortar rounds were fired near a stadium, Lieutenant Colonel Wilson Rono, AFRICOM spokesman, told Reuters. Earlier on Thursday, al Shabaab militants set off a suicide car bomb at a checkpoint about 15 km (nine miles) outside the capital. At least five people were injured including soldiers, police officer Ali Roble told Reuters. A second police officer, Abdullahi Nur, told Reuters that many vehicles had been parked at the checkpoint for inspection when the blast occurred. Al Shabaab frequently carries out bombings in Mogadishu and elsewhere in Somalia in their effort to bring down the Western-backed federal government and drive out the AMISOM forces defending it. On Friday, twin car bomb blasts in Mogadishu - claimed by al Shabaab - killed 45 people. Abdiasis Abu Musab, al Shabaab’s military operations spokesman, told Reuters the group was responsible for both the mortar attack and the car bombing. 
969156155602808832	2018-03-01 10:23:28	https://t.co/ky0t6lxOPi	Syria aid convoy heads for Afrin, ICRC says https://t.co/ky0t6lxOPi	 GENEVA (Reuters) - An aid convoy carrying humanitarian supplies for 50,000 displaced people has arrived in Afrin in Syria, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Thursday, as Turkey wages an offensive in the area. The situation in Afrin and other areas along the Syria-Turkish border is alarming, with the majority of people living in“dire conditions”, the ICRC said in a statement. “Only four hospitals are operating in the area. Medical staff are overwhelmed and struggling to cope with the increase in casualties,” it said, adding that some people needing medical care were reportedly trapped in certain areas of Afrin. ICRC spokeswoman Iolanda Jaquemet said it was the first time this year that the ICRC and the Syrian Arab Red Crescent had got the approval of the warring sides to send a convoy into Afrin. The ICRC is concerned that the fighting between Turkish forces and the Kurdish YPG militia is moving closer to a dam and water treatment facility that are vital for water supplies to people in the area, Jaquemet added. The 29-truck convoy was carrying 430 tonnes of food, mattresses, blankets, winter clothes and hygiene kits, the statement said. Jaquement dismissed as untrue reports that the convoy had come under attack during the journey. The United Nations has estimated 30,000 people may have been displaced in Afrin since the Turkish offensive began, but there is little information available. Jaquemet said 30 percent of the population of Afrin district was thought to be displaced, but she did not have any other figures. “The majority are living in dire conditions and are hosted in communities and collective centers. The ongoing fighting has forced thousands more to flee. What we are doing now is to meet the most pressing needs of the most vulnerable,” she said. Ankara launched its offensive in January against the U.S.-backed YPG militia, which it regards as a terrorist group linked to Kurdish militants who have been battling Turkish forces in southeast Turkey for more than three decades. Commenting on the proximity of the dam and water treatment area to the fighting, Jaquement said:“Were they to be damaged it would deprive at least 200,000 people of water.” 
969156155594461184	2018-03-01 10:23:28	https://t.co/yMRF9pOh8f	Ukraine parliament approves anti-corruption court law in first reading https://t.co/yMRF9pOh8f	 KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine’s parliament on Thursday approved in the first reading a draft law to create an anti-corruption court, a step towards fulfilling requirements for a long-delayed loan tranche from the International Monetary Fund. Reform campaigners and Ukraine’s Western backers say establishing an independent court to handle corruption cases is essential for the ex-Soviet republic’s efforts to cement the rule of law and reduce the power of vested interests. President Petro Poroshenko submitted the bill to parliament in December, but Ukraine’s foreign backers have expressed concern that the legislation is not in line with recommendations from the Venice Commission, a rights watchdog. The Ukrainian authorities have said the bill will be amended before its second and final reading to ensure it is fully in line with international norms. “We need to make sure this court works effectively,” the head of the People’s Front faction, Makysym Burbak, said ahead of the vote in parliament. “Between the first and second readings we will take into account all recommendations of the Venice Commission.” As well as creating the court, Ukraine must also stick to gas price commitments and implement sustainable pension reform in order to qualify for the next loan tranche of around $2 billion from the IMF. 
969152122196561920	2018-03-01 10:07:26	https://t.co/Rfbq6V2P05	Four peacekeepers killed in Mali were from Bangladesh, UN says https://t.co/Rfbq6V2P05	 DAKAR (Reuters) - Four U.N. peacekeepers killed by a roadside bomb in central Mali on Wednesday were from Bangladesh, as were four peacekeepers seriously wounded in the blast, the United Nations said. The incident occurred in the central Mopti region, where attacks by Islamist militants have surged in recent months, although U.N. officials did not say who was responsible for the blast. Six Malian soldiers were killed nearby a day earlier when their vehicle struck a landmine. “The Secretary-General conveys his condolences to the Governments of Bangladesh and Mali and his profound sympathies to the families and loved ones of the victims,” a spokesman for U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said in a statement. Bangladesh is the world’s second-biggest contributor to U.N. peacekeeping operations with some 7,000 uniformed personnel deployed to missions around the world. 
969148239738961920	2018-03-01 09:52:00	https://t.co/15uii3Zynn	Suicide car bomb in Mogadishu leaves casualties - police https://t.co/15uii3Zynn	 MOGADISHU (Reuters) - A mortar attack in the Somali capital Mogadishu, claimed by Islamist group al Shabaab, killed three civilians and injured two others on Thursday, the African Union peacekeeping force AMISOM said. The mortar rounds were fired near a stadium, Lieutenant Colonel Wilson Rono, AFRICOM spokesman, told Reuters. Earlier on Thursday, al Shabaab militants set off a suicide car bomb at a checkpoint about 15 km (nine miles) outside the capital. At least five people were injured including soldiers, police officer Ali Roble told Reuters. A second police officer, Abdullahi Nur, told Reuters that many vehicles had been parked at the checkpoint for inspection when the blast occurred. Al Shabaab frequently carries out bombings in Mogadishu and elsewhere in Somalia in their effort to bring down the Western-backed federal government and drive out the AMISOM forces defending it. On Friday, twin car bomb blasts in Mogadishu - claimed by al Shabaab - killed 45 people. Abdiasis Abu Musab, al Shabaab’s military operations spokesman, told Reuters the group was responsible for both the mortar attack and the car bombing. 
969146426415513601	2018-03-01 09:44:48	https://t.co/iGRgIM4PqW	Putin says Russia needs breakthrough in living standards https://t.co/iGRgIM4PqW	 MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that Russia needed a breakthrough in living standards. “We have not reached the necessary level in terms of people’s well-being,” Putin said, in his annual address to parliament. Putin also said that Russia needed to expand freedom in all spheres and be open to the world and new ideas. 
969140754294759424	2018-03-01 09:22:16	https://t.co/wzoZeYkpfR	EU's Tusk warns of hard border in Ireland after Brexit https://t.co/wzoZeYkpfR	 LONDON/BRUSSELS (Reuters) -“Real political difficulties” lie ahead for Brexit, EU summit chair Donald Tusk said after Prime Minister Theresa May gave him a preview of the vision of future trade ties she will unveil on Friday. Over lunch at her Downing Street office, aides said, May told him a draft Brexit treaty published by the European Union on Wednesday was“unacceptable” in its proposal of keeping Northern Ireland effectively in an EU customs union, potentially isolating the province economically from the British mainland. Tusk offered a robust defence of the draft, which the EU says is a“backstop” for avoiding a“hard border” that might disrupt peace in Ireland. Before their meeting, he said he would be asking May if she had a better idea to achieve that. No details emerged of exactly what May will propose in a speech on Friday for an“ambitious economic partnership” after Brexit. Some ministers have suggested that it can achieve“frictionless trade” between the whole United Kingdom and the EU and avoid the need for a special deal in Ireland. May’s spokesman said her ministers had agreed with her that her speech would be“a real step forward in the negotiations”. However, Tusk has dismissed as“pure illusion” some of the ideas that many expect to form part of her proposal to maintain close regulatory alignment with the EU in some sectors. On Thursday he bluntly dismissed the idea that May could avoid hampering trade while pursuing her plan to take Britain out of both the EU customs union and the single market. “Friction is an inevitable side effect of Brexit. By nature,” he told a business conference in Brussels. Over lunch in London, an EU official said, Tusk focused on plans for future ties, talks on which should finally get under way next month after an interim deal on divorce issues was struck in December. British Brexit supporters accuse the EU of being inflexible and seeking to punish Britain for leaving, while EU leaders say Britain is trying to cherry-pick access to their markets while absenting itself from following rules it does not like. Rhetoric on both sides has turned sharper following the interim accord in December, with EU officials urging May to give them a clear idea of what her deeply divided government wants on trade and for Northern Ireland with Brexit just 13 months away. The EU official called Tusk’s lunch with May“an open and honest debate in a good atmosphere about the real political difficulties ahead of us”. After May’s speech, Tusk will present an EU negotiating position on post-Brexit relations next week which EU leaders should endorse at a summit on March 22-23. Also addressing the Business Europe forum in Brussels on Thursday, the EU’s chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier urged company bosses to prepare for Britain’s departure and issued a new warning that a status-quo, two-year transition period was not yet agreed and might not be guaranteed for another year. The pound had softened on Barnier’s warnings the previous day that a transition deal was not a given and the row over the EU’s draft on Ireland has also reminded investors that failure to strike a divorce deal could be disruptive. The“only certainty”, Barnier said, was that Britain would be out of the EU next March, and so businesses must prepare:“Of course, the transition period currently under negotiation would give you more time to adapt,” he added. “However, certainty about the transition will only come at the end of the process, with the ratification of the withdrawal agreement by both sides - probably early next year.” Britons opposed to leaving the EU are fighting a rearguard action that seeks to use May’s weakness in her own Conservative party and in parliament to disrupt it - though there is little sign public opinion has shifted far from the roughly 50-50 split which delivered a narrow vote for Brexit in a 2016 referendum. Tony Blair, the former Labour prime minister who is among the more prominent campaigners trying to halt Brexit, was in Brussels on Thursday, aiming to persuade EU policymakers to be ready to welcome Britain to remain if it changes its mind - and be ready to show a will to reform, especially to curb the easy migration across the EU that worried many Britons. Tusk and other EU leaders have repeatedly said Britain would be welcome to stay, although some also make clear they are not willing to undertake major reforms in order to do that. Frans Timmermans, deputy head of the EU executive, told the European Parliament on Wednesday:“If they change their minds and want to come back to the European Union, I think we would all welcome them warmly back into the European Union family.” 
969138975234576389	2018-03-01 09:15:12	https://t.co/0ARrS4e3lR	Palestinian migrant gets life sentence for supermarket stabbing in Germany https://t.co/0ARrS4e3lR	 BERLIN (Reuters) - A Palestinian asylum seeker and radicalized Islamist who killed one person and injured six others in a knife attack in a Hamburg supermarket in July has been sentenced to life in prison, a spokesman for a city court said on Thursday. Hamburg residents threw chairs and other objects at the attacker - who had been known to authorities - helping police to detain him, but a 50-year-old man died of his injuries. The asylum seeker could not be deported as he lacked identification documents and was psychologically unstable, Hamburg’s Interior Minister Andy Grote said after the attack. Grote also said he had been registered in intelligence systems as an Islamist but not a violent one as there was no evidence to link him to an imminent attack. Germany has been on high alert ever since December 2016, when a Tunisian failed asylum seeker killed 12 people by driving a truck into a Christmas market in Berlin. 
969138974865477632	2018-03-01 09:15:11	https://t.co/RvM8KN29Nf	Cyber attack on German government sought more sensitive data than 2015 hack: lawmaker https://t.co/RvM8KN29Nf	 BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany’s government was marshalling its defenses on Thursday against a powerful cyber attack that lawmakers said had breached the foreign ministry’s computer network and whose origins officials admitted were still unclear. The head of a parliamentary oversight panel said the attack was continuing, and security officials were trying to maintain control. “It is a veritable cyber attack on parts of the government network,” conservative lawmaker Armin Schuster told reporters.“It is a continuing process.” Schuster declined to give further details, saying that would provide a warning to the attackers, who he did not identify. “The loss of sensitive information amounts to significant damage on its own,” Schuster said.“But we can say that the German government is trying, as far as we know today, to keep the process under control.” Facing criticism from lawmakers that they were kept in the dark about the attack, which security officials said they learned of some time ago but authorities first confirmed on Wednesday, Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere said the hack was technically sophisticated and planned long in advance. He said security authorities were trying to gain further insight into how it was carried out. Schuster’s remarks raised questions about Wednesday’s initial confirmation, a statement in which the interior ministry spoke of an“isolated” attack against some government agencies that had been“brought under control”. Media reports said the attack was detected in December but may have been under way for up to a year. Lawmakers said it had targeted the foreign ministry. One deputy who was briefed on the incident, said it appeared to have originated in Russia. The Kremlin could not immediately be reached for comment. It was the latest in a series of assaults aimed at Germany’s political institutions and key individuals. Security officials have blamed most of the previous attacks on a Russian hacking group APT28 that experts say has close ties to a Russian spy agency. Security experts have blamed the same group for an attack ahead of the 2016 U.S. presidential election. Economy Minister Brigitte Zypries said it would be“problematic” if Moscow were found to have launched the attack, as German media have reported. But she added:“At this moment there is no discussion of that.” Deputy Interior Minister Ole Schroeder told the RND newspaper group on Thursday that security officials had allowed the hackers to maintain“controlled” access to government networks so they could track the attack and how it was carried out. Panel head Schuster said it was too early to assess the damage, but his committee would meet again next week. Patrick Sensburg, another conservative member of the committee, told broadcaster ZDF it involved more complex software and targeted more sensitive data than a 2015 breach at parliament. Opposition lawmakers criticized the government for not informed the parliamentary oversight committee about the attack sooner. Committee member Konstantin von Notz, of the Greens, said the delay was“completely unacceptable”, and Andre Hahn, a member of the far-left Left party, said it was a clear violation of the law. The incident also revived debate about a push by top German intelligence officials for more legal authority to“hack back” in the event of cyber attacks from foreign powers. 
969130135696879616	2018-03-01 08:40:04	https://t.co/WarNRgwveY	Brazil Congress approves rules for Uber, other ride-hailing apps https://t.co/WarNRgwveY https://t.co/CU2Tp4UfL9	 BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazil’s lower house of Congress approved a weakened version of a bill late on Wednesday to regulate car-hailing apps like Uber but maintained a provision allowing local governments to institute rules for the services. The bill will now pass to President Michel Temer for signature or veto. Brazil’s Senate approved the bill last year under heavy lobbying from ride-hailing companies, voting to weaken regulations, including removing requirements for special red license plates for ride-hailing cars and for drivers to own their cars. The lower house of Congress accepted those amendments but voted to maintain a provision allowing for local governments to regulate the services, although local approval is not required for applications to operate in individual municipalities. Uber and other ride-hailing apps praised the latest version of the bill for responding to the concerns of its drivers and passengers. “Instead of prohibiting, the text regulates the activity of partner drivers and organizes criteria for apps to operate,” Uber said in a statement. Spain’s Cabify, which operates in Brazil, said the bill“puts Brazil on the forefront of regulation for individual passenger transportation service apps” and that it was“an achievement for the urban mobility sector.” 
969127659740585984	2018-03-01 08:30:14	https://t.co/7fDYH8ecVV	Israeli-U.S. teen indicted for bomb threats, hate crimes: U.S. Justice Department https://t.co/7fDYH8ecVV https://t.co/bHhcemCy3s	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A 19-year-old man has been indicted for hate crimes connected to threats against Jewish community centers, as well as threatening the Israeli embassy and cyberstalking, the U.S. Justice Department said on Wednesday. Michael Kadar was arrested in Israel last year and is awaiting trial there. U.S. and Israeli authorities have previously charged him with making thousands of threats, including to airports, schools and Jewish centers, in the United States in 2016 and early 2017. Kadar, who holds dual U.S.-Israeli citizenship, was indicted by grand juries in Florida, Georgia and the District of Columbia for making threats from January to March 2017, the Justice Department said in a statement. The statement did not say whether he would be extradited to the United States. Kadar is alleged to have telephoned the Anti-Defamation League with a bomb threat and making a bomb threat in an email to the Israeli embassy in Washington, both in March 2017, the Justice Department said. Kadar, who is Jewish, was indicted for allegedly calling police in January 2017 about a hoax hostage situation at a home in Athens, Georgia, which included a threat to kill responding officers. Kadar also faces a federal cyberstalking indictment in Georgia. In Florida, Kadar was charged with making multiple threatening calls about bomb threats and gun attacks against Jewish community centers throughout the state in January and February 2017. He also is alleged to have made bomb threats against the Orlando International Airport and a school. The hoax threats to the Jewish community centers forced widespread evacuations and raised fears of a resurgence in anti-Semitism. U.S. authorities have said in court documents that Kadar advertised his services on AlphaBay, a now-closed online black market, and offered to threaten any school for $30. The Justice Department shut AlphBay down in July 2017. Israeli authorities have accused him of earning about $240,000 worth of the digital currency Bitcoin after selling his threat services on the dark web. Kadar’s parents have said he has a brain tumor that caused autism and other mental problems, making him unable to understand the nature of his actions. If convicted, Kadar faces up to 20 years in prison for each hate crime charge and a maximum of 10 years for each bomb threat charge. The interstate threats charge, the hoax charge and cyberstalking charge call for up to five years in prison apiece. 
969127364612509696	2018-03-01 08:29:03	https://t.co/R3pWiFgMFo	New Zealand teenager tried to assassinate Queen Elizabeth in 1981: intelligence agency https://t.co/R3pWiFgMFo https://t.co/MkwlB5RCkt	 WELLINGTON/SYDNEY (Reuters) - New Zealand’s intelligence agency on Thursday confirmed for the first time that a teenager tried to assassinate Queen Elizabeth II during a visit to the southern city of Dunedin in 1981, sparking a police inquiry into how the incident was handled. Documents released by the New Zealand Security Intelligence Service (SIS) show the then 17-year-old Christopher Lewis shot at the Queen as she got out of her vehicle on the way to a science fair on Oct. 14 during her eight-day tour of the Commonwealth nation. “Lewis did indeed originally intend to assassinate the Queen, however did not have a suitable vantage point from which to fire, nor a sufficiently high-powered rifle for the range from the target,” said a 1997 SIS memo, that was declassified in February and sent to Reuters on Thursday. The documents were declassified in response to a request by Fairfax Media. Lewis, who intelligence documents described as a“severely disturbed” youth, was not charged with attempted murder or treason, adding to claims the incident was downplayed to prevent embarrassment to a country hosting a royal visit. He was instead charged with unlawful possession and discharge of a firearm. Members of the crowd in Dunedin and reporters heard the shot, but were initially told by police that the noise was from a falling sign or a car backfiring. “Current police investigations into the shots have been conducted discreetly and most media representatives probably have the impression that the noise was caused by a firework of some description,” said a November 1981 memo from SIS, also released on Thursday. According to intelligence documents, police kept a close eye on Lewis during a 1986 visit by the Queen to New Zealand, fearing that he was still a risk. The intelligence agency revelations have prompted a police inquiry into the matter, authorities said on Thursday. A New Zealand police spokeswoman said in a statement to Reuters that the police commissioner had ordered the case file be examined. More than a decade after the incident, Lewis was charged with the brutal murder of an Auckland mother and the abduction of her baby daughter, who was later dropped at a nearby church. According to multiple news reports at the time, Lewis electrocuted himself while in prison in 1997 awaiting the murder trial. He denied the murder charge in a suicide note. New Zealand has been independent of British rule since 1947, but retains the Queen as its constitutional monarch and head of state. She has visited the country as monarch 10 times, most recently in 2002. 
969127193946271744	2018-03-01 08:28:23	https://t.co/gSdanCXuZC	Russia may end cooperation with European Court of Human Rights: RIA https://t.co/gSdanCXuZC	 MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia is considering withdrawing from the European Convention on Human Rights and ending cooperation with the European Court of Human Rights, the RIA news agency reported on Thursday, citing unnamed government sources. The reason for considering withdrawing from the court was because of the fact that many of its decisions ran counter to Russia’s interests, the sources were cited as saying. 
969124075921641472	2018-03-01 08:15:59	https://t.co/Yf9u8a4bFG	Russia says civilians in Syria's Ghouta are asking to be evacuated: TASS https://t.co/Yf9u8a4bFG	 MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Russian military said on Thursday that civilians in Syria’s rebel-held eastern Ghouta had made numerous requests to be evacuated, the TASS news agency reported, citing Russian Major-General Vladimir Zolotukhin speaking to reporters in Damascus. TASS cited Zolotukhin as saying that rebels were continuing to shell the evacuation corridor from eastern Ghouta. 
969124075732963328	2018-03-01 08:15:59	https://t.co/PEN2WTD1m9	China angered with U.S.-Taiwan travel bill, adding to tensions https://t.co/PEN2WTD1m9	 BEIJING/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - China expressed anger on Thursday after the U.S. Senate passed a bill promoting closer U.S. ties with Taiwan, but the step drew praise from the self-ruled island which pledged to deepen cooperation. The move adds to tensions between China and the United States, already at loggerheads over trade, with President Xi Jinping’s close economic advisor Liu He in Washington this week to try and avert a trade war. Several top U.S. steel and aluminum executives have been invited to the White House later on Thursday for what could be a major trade announcement, according to two people familiar with the meeting. U.S. President Donald Trump has vowed to take steps to crack down on imports of steel and aluminum and has been considering imposing hefty tariffs on imports of the metals from China and other countries. Beijing considers democratic Taiwan to be a wayward province and integral part of“one China”, ineligible for state-to-state relations, and has never renounced the use of force to bring the island under its control. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said though the bill was not legally binding and seriously violates the“one China” principle. “China is strongly dissatisfied with this and resolutely opposes it, and has already lodged stern representations with the U.S. side,” she told a daily news briefing. The“one China” principle is the foundation for China-U.S. ties, Hua added. China urges the United States to cease official exchanges with Taiwan and“prudently and appropriately handle issues related to Taiwan to avoid seriously interfering with and damaging China-U.S. relations”, she said. The Senate passed the Taiwan Travel Act by unanimous consent. It passed the House of Representatives in January, also without opposition. The legislation only needs Trump’s signature to become law. The bill says it should be U.S. policy to allow officials at all levels to travel to Taiwan to meet their Taiwanese counterparts, permit high-level Taiwanese officials to enter the United States“under respectful conditions” and meet with U.S. officials, and encourage Taiwanese economic and cultural representatives to conduct business in the United States. White House officials did not immediately respond when asked if Trump planned to sign the legislation. It would be unusual for a president to veto a measure that passed unanimously. Taiwan’s Foreign Ministry thanked the United States for the unanimous support for the bill and for the U.S. government’s increasingly friendly and open attitude toward Taiwan. “The Foreign Ministry will keep developing an even more substantive cooperative relationship with the United States, to promote both sides’ joint values and mutually-beneficial interests,” it said. Taiwan’s Presidential Office said the United States was its most important international ally, and that it would discuss the matter with the United States and further strengthen relations. The United States has no formal ties with Taiwan but is bound by law to help it defend itself and is the island’s main source of arms. China regularly says Taiwan is the most sensitive issue in its ties with Washington. China’s hostility toward Taiwan has risen since the election as president of Tsai Ing-wen from the pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) in 2016. China suspects Tsai wants to push for formal independence, a red line for Communist Party leaders in Beijing, though she has said she wants to maintain the status quo and is committed to ensuring peace. On Wednesday, two former Taiwan presidents, Lee Teng-hui and Chen Shui-bian, backed a bid for a referendum on Taiwan independence next year, though Taiwan’s government has not supported the plan. Were such a vote to happen, China could feel it has to activate its Anti-Secession Law, which allows it to use force on Taiwan if deemed necessary to prevent the island from seceding. 
969120035091427328	2018-03-01 07:59:56	https://t.co/5nqthN9AeA	Death toll rises to 31 in PNG quake as weather and damage hamper relief effort https://t.co/5nqthN9AeA	 SYDNEY (Reuters) - The death toll from the strongest earthquake to strike Papua New Guinea’s rugged interior in almost a century has climbed to 31 and would probably rise further, officials said on Thursday, as damage to roads, runways and phone lines slowed relief efforts. Remote hamlets closest to the epicenter of the 7.5 magnitude quake in the Southern Highlands were buried, killing 13 people, said James Justin, a research officer at the Ministry of Petroleum and Energy in Port Moresby in an email, citing a two-way radio call from a mission station in the region. Most of the other confirmed fatalities were in or around the provincial capital of Mendi and the town of Tari 40 km (25 miles) from the epicenter, where aftershocks continue to be felt and people afraid their homes may yet collapse have been sleeping in their yards. “Tari is completely shut down,” Mark Mendai, head of the district’s Development Authority told Reuters by phone. “All the water tanks have been turned over and at the moment people are suffering a lack of fresh water, all the rivers are dirty,” he said.“The runway has some cracks, the district offices are all spoiled, all our roads within Tari are cracked, blocking traveling traffic.” A spokesman from the country’s National Disaster Centre said a preliminary damage assessment from the quake, which struck the mountainous Southern Highlands some 560 km (350 miles) northwest of the capital, Port Moresby, was still incomplete. (For a graphic on 'Papua New Guinea quake' click tmsnrt.rs/2ow1YLR) Australia has promised tarpaulins, water purification tablets, and water containers, and despatched a military C-130 transport plane to assist with aerial surveillance. Pictures showed collapsed buildings in Mendi and residents using shovels to clear away landslides. That left those injured in villages to the west unable to reach the general hospital, where wards were largely empty except for long-term patients, Wendy Tinaik, assistant to the hospital’s director, said by phone. Miners and oil and gas companies were also assessing damage to their infrastructure, including a 700-km (435-mile) gas pipeline that connects to a coastal liquefaction plant, but were hampered by bad weather according to Oil Search Ltd. Quake damage shut the region’s biggest airfield at Komo, built to supply remote Exxon Mobil Corp facilities, though bush airstrips were accessible and Mission Aviation Fellowship (MAF) evacuated four people to Mt Hagen. “As we flew and photographed all that we could see, we prayed for those below that had been affected,” said Connie-Lou Aebischer from MAF. “The majority of the landslides were in what appeared to be largely uninhabited mountainous regions, or at least sporadically inhabited, which was the saving grace through this ongoing instability in the earth.” (This version of the story has been refiled to fix typo in headline) 
969119307723616256	2018-03-01 07:57:02	https://t.co/THCipL7fq5	China's top steelmaking city extends level 2 pollution alert https://t.co/THCipL7fq5 https://t.co/2FeWtLcoCw	 BEIJING (Reuters) - China’s top steelmaking city of Tangshan on Thursday said it would extend a level 2 or“orange” pollution alert until further notice, leaving steel and coke plants under tighter restrictions. Tangshan, located in China’s northern Hebei province, had originally put the alert in place from Feb. 24-28 due to heavy smog. An orange alert, the second-most severe in China’s pollution warning system after red, is issued when forecast readings of particulate matter with a width of 2.5 microns, known as PM2.5, are above 200 microgams per cubic meters for three consecutive days, including one day above 300 micrograms. The alert last week ordered Tangshan sintering plants to stop production for 48 hours and then operate for a maximum of 12 hours before stopping again. Coke plants must extend their production time to over 48 hours, meaning less dust will be produced during the process. Factories in heavily polluted Tangshan have been forced to cut production by as much as 50 percent during China’s 2017/18 winter months as part of a targeted environmental protection campaign. The city, which accounts for about 12 percent of the country’s steel output, said last month it would extend restrictions on production after the end of the winter heating season on March 15. It plans to ask mills to cut utilization rates by 10-15 percent from March 16 to Nov. 14 to improve air quality. Shanghai’s most traded steel rebar contract was up 0.5 percent at 4,059 yuan ($639.91) a tonne at 0303 GMT, reaching its highest in nearly three months. 
969114431765532672	2018-03-01 07:37:40	https://t.co/rFEuDgBgx2	Death toll rises to 31 in PNG quake as weather and damage hampers relief effort https://t.co/rFEuDgBgx2	 SYDNEY (Reuters) - The death toll from the strongest earthquake to strike Papua New Guinea’s rugged interior in almost a century has climbed to 31 and would probably rise further, officials said on Thursday, as damage to roads, runways and phone lines slowed relief efforts. Remote hamlets closest to the epicenter of the 7.5 magnitude quake in the Southern Highlands were buried, killing 13 people, said James Justin, a research officer at the Ministry of Petroleum and Energy in Port Moresby in an email, citing a two-way radio call from a mission station in the region. Most of the other confirmed fatalities were in or around the provincial capital of Mendi and the town of Tari 40 km (25 miles) from the epicenter, where aftershocks continue to be felt and people afraid their homes may yet collapse have been sleeping in their yards. “Tari is completely shut down,” Mark Mendai, head of the district’s Development Authority told Reuters by phone. “All the water tanks have been turned over and at the moment people are suffering a lack of fresh water, all the rivers are dirty,” he said.“The runway has some cracks, the district offices are all spoiled, all our roads within Tari are cracked, blocking traveling traffic.” A spokesman from the country’s National Disaster Centre said a preliminary damage assessment from the quake, which struck the mountainous Southern Highlands some 560 km (350 miles) northwest of the capital, Port Moresby, was still incomplete. (For a graphic on 'Papua New Guinea quake' click tmsnrt.rs/2ow1YLR) Australia has promised tarpaulins, water purification tablets, and water containers, and despatched a military C-130 transport plane to assist with aerial surveillance. Pictures showed collapsed buildings in Mendi and residents using shovels to clear away landslides. That left those injured in villages to the west unable to reach the general hospital, where wards were largely empty except for long-term patients, Wendy Tinaik, assistant to the hospital’s director, said by phone. Miners and oil and gas companies were also assessing damage to their infrastructure, including a 700-km (435-mile) gas pipeline that connects to a coastal liquefaction plant, but were hampered by bad weather according to Oil Search Ltd. Quake damage shut the region’s biggest airfield at Komo, built to supply remote Exxon Mobil Corp facilities, though bush airstrips were accessible and Mission Aviation Fellowship (MAF) evacuated four people to Mt Hagen. “As we flew and photographed all that we could see, we prayed for those below that had been affected,” said Connie-Lou Aebischer from MAF. “The majority of the landslides were in what appeared to be largely uninhabited mountainous regions, or at least sporadically inhabited, which was the saving grace through this ongoing instability in the earth.” (This version of the story has been refiled to fix typo in headline) 
969111524513124353	2018-03-01 07:26:07	https://t.co/tR2jThOwhd	Cambodian PM denounces 'dogs' for burning his effigy in Australia https://t.co/tR2jThOwhd	 PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen, criticized by rights groups for a crackdown on the opposition and media, denounced protesters in Australia as dogs on Thursday for burning his effigy, days after threatening to beat them up. Hun Sen, who has ruled Cambodia for more than 30 years, has forced the closure of an English-language newspaper and the dissolution of the main opposition party and jailed government critics. Rights groups and Western nations have decried the crackdown ahead of a general election set for July. Hun Sen last week threatened to beat up protesters if they burnt his image during an upcoming ASEAN-Australia Summit on March 17. That prompted a Cambodian community in Australia to burn his effigy on Saturday and release images online. “This is an insult,” Hun Sen said at a ceremony in Kompong Cham province on Thursday.“It is tough to bite back when a dog bites our leg,” Hun Sen said, adding that his trip to Australia would go as planned. Hun Sen’s threat to beat up protesters was met with condemnation in Australia. “These are outrageous statements,” Clare O’Neil, an Australian MP, said in parliament on Thursday. “We are living in this beautiful democratic country. Those rights need to be extended to all Australians, including those of Cambodian descent.” Hun Sen has frequently said he wants to remain in power for at least another decade. The dissolution of the opposition Cambodia National Rescue Party eliminated a major obstacle to his re-election ahead of the July election. 
969110580949811201	2018-03-01 07:22:22	https://t.co/IbCSm9JZcA	Russia says U.S. has set up about 20 military bases in Syria: RIA https://t.co/IbCSm9JZcA	 MOSCOW (Reuters) - The United States has set up around 20 military bases in Syria on territory controlled by the Kurds, an official from Russia’s Security Council said on Thursday, the RIA news agency reported. The official, Alexander Venediktov, an aide to Security Council Secretary Nikolai Patrushev, also said Washington was supplying the Kurds with the most advanced weapons, according to RIA. 
969102221584592897	2018-03-01 06:49:09	https://t.co/qvvevJiW6q	Geneva airport closed by icy 'beast from the east' https://t.co/qvvevJiW6q	 ZURICH (Reuters) - The airport in the Swiss city of Geneva closed for several hours on Thursday due to bitterly cold weather that has hit many parts of Europe this week with snow and icy winds, causing travel chaos. The airport reopened at 1000 GMT for departures and will accept arrivals from 1200 GMT, the airport said in a statement on its mobile app, which showed more than 40 flights from Geneva had been canceled, as well as dozens arrivals. A Siberian weather system forecasters have called the“beast from the east” brought snow, strong winds and the coldest temperatures for years to many regions across Europe. Geneva’s temperatures are set to rise later on Thursday, but the freeze is expected to continue elsewhere. Geneva airport recommended passengers check with their airlines on whether upcoming flights would be scheduled for departure. 
969097463096381440	2018-03-01 06:30:14	https://t.co/E0SxPueH4F	Alibaba unit invests $150 million in India's Zomato https://t.co/E0SxPueH4F https://t.co/FId9sIEJvC	 MUMBAI (Reuters) - A unit of China’s Alibaba Group Holding Ltd has invested $150 million in Zomato, valuing the Indian food search and delivery service at more than $1 billion, the companies said on Thursday. Ant Financial Services Group, Alibaba’s payment affiliate, is also buying $50 million worth of shares in secondary purchases as part of the transaction. Zomato, which provides services across 24 countries, said it will use the funds to improve products and technology. 
969092425854734336	2018-03-01 06:10:13	https://t.co/fqIGP4XrEx	Armenian parliament set to elect Sarkissian as national president https://t.co/fqIGP4XrEx	 YEREVAN (Reuters) - Armenia’s parliament is set to elect Armen Sarkissian on Friday as national president to succeed Serzh Sarksyan, who opposition leaders say could become prime minister and continue to wield power. Sarkissian’s election to a single seven-year term is unopposed because the ruling Republican Party supports him even though he is not a member of any party. One opposition party says it will back him while another has failed to gather sufficient votes to present its own candidate and will vote against. Armenia seceded from the Soviet Union in 1991 but remains dependent on Russia for aid and investment. Many Armenians accuse the government of corruption and mishandling an economy. The country is in line with some other former Soviet republics and countries in eastern Europe in moving away from direct democracy and towards strong central leadership, according to analysts. Sarksyan became president at an election in 2008 and nominated former prime minister Sarkissian in January to succeed him as his term neared its end. The legislature can elect a president with a three-quarters majority under the terms of a constitution approved in 2015 in a referendum that effectively abolishes direct presidential elections. Under that constitution, however, the presidency will become largely ceremonial and power will shift to the prime minister and parliament. “If I‘m elected, I will put all my efforts and my experience into the solution of national problems,” Sarkissian told the parliament on Thursday. Members of the ruling party said Sarkissian, 64, a businessman and Yerevan’s ambassador to Britain, was the best candidate for the post given his experience as a diplomat and a manager as well as ties abroad. One opposition faction decided to vote against. “Your affiliation with a (ruling) political team and a responsibility, which you take, put us on different side fo barricades,” said opposition MP Ararat Mirzoyan. Sarksyan denies that the new constitution was engineered to allow him to continue to dominate Armenia, a country of around three million people. But many members of the ruling party say Sarksyan would be the best candidate for prime minister given his experience, especially in negotiations over neighboring Azerbaijan’s breakaway Nagorno-Karabakh region. Fighting between ethnic Azeris and Armenian separatists backed by Armenia first erupted in 1991 and a ceasefire was agreed in 1994. But Azerbaijan and Armenia accuse each other of violence around Nagorno-Karabakh and along their common border. Clashes over control of Nagorno-Karabakh, which lies inside Azerbaijan but is controlled by ethnic Armenians, have intensified in the past three years and turned into a violent flare-up in April 2016. Armenia’s ruling party won parliamentary elections last April with 49 percent of the vote while the opposition Tsarukyan Alliance took 27 percent. 
969088412954382336	2018-03-01 05:54:17	https://t.co/5VWintrNN6	Singapore's planned terror response stokes concerns over press freedom https://t.co/5VWintrNN6	 SINGAPORE (Reuters) - A proposed law in Singapore that would allow authorities to ban the transmission of images from terror attacks and reports about security operations has drawn criticism from non-government bodies and security experts as a curb on press freedom. Under the proposed law, authorities could prohibit anyone from taking videos or photographs of the area of a terror attack or transmitting them and could also ban the communication of text or audio messages about the security operations in the area. The wealthy city state is ranked as one of the world’s safest countries, but it has stepped up its terror-fighting capability in recent years as militant activity has increased in Southeast Asia. The law prescribes fines or prison terms for failure to abide by a“communications stop” order approved by the home affairs minister and activated by the police commissioner. Singapore’s home affairs ministry said the provision aims to prevent information leaks to terrorists that could risk the lives of security officers and those embroiled in an attack. Some security experts have praised the plan. In an email response to a Reuters request for comment, the home affairs ministry said:“It is not meant to restrict press freedom or public access to information. “The order can only be made by the commissioner of police, after the minister has issued the activation order, and only if the commissioner deems it necessary for security operations.” France-based Reporters Without Borders, which promotes and defends press freedom, said though that the‘communications stop order’ would be a“serious breach” of press freedom. The Committee to Protect Journalists, a U.S.-based independent, non-profit organization, made a similar criticism. “No one can contest the need for special measures in case of a terrorist attack,” Daniel Bastard, the Asia-Pacific head of Reporters Without Borders, said in an email to Reuters. “But this must be dealt with at the level of police and anti-terrorist squad procedures. And above all, it is not the role of the Ministry of Home Affairs to determine what journalists can broadcast or not.” Reporters Without Borders ranks Singapore 151st out of 180 countries in its World Press Freedom Index. The move comes as Singapore considers legislation to fight fake news, which critics say could further hinder press freedom already limited by laws on what may be said or published. Singapore’s minister of law, K. Shanmugam, has said that keeping falsehoods out of public discourse would make freedom of speech more meaningful. “It is hard to see this proposed law separate from efforts by the state to strengthen and consolidate its legislative controls over independent media sources,” said Ian Wilson, a counter-terrorism specialist at Australia’s Murdoch University. Some security experts applauded the proposed law, saying it could start an important dialogue about media practices around counter terrorism efforts. “Governments should work with media to ensure they do not compromise security,” said Rohan Gunaratna, a terrorism expert at Singapore’s S.Rajaratnam School of International Studies. “Media personnel should be trained to make them understand that their reporting should neither sensationalize terrorism nor unwittingly help the terrorists and cause loss of life and property,” he told Reuters. 
969084840455884801	2018-03-01 05:40:05	https://t.co/mzzXzVz7ZU	Spotify plans to list shares, fend off Apple and Amazon https://t.co/mzzXzVz7ZU https://t.co/QXxOHNotDA	 (In Feb. 28 story, corrects to“$22.6 billion” from“$22.5 billion” and to“177 million” from“178 billion” in paragraph 28) By Stephen Nellis and Nivedita Bhattacharjee (Reuters) - Music streaming service Spotify on Wednesday filed for a direct listing of its shares, laying out financial data for the first time that cheered some analysts but led others to question how it could turn a profit from its growing subscriber base. Spotify, which wants to trade as SPOT on the New York Stock Exchange, is taking an unusual path to the U.S. public markets, with a direct listing that will let investors and employees sell shares without the company raising new capital or hiring a Wall Street bank or broker to underwrite the offering. Because the company will not issue any new shares, it did not specify a listing price. Based on private transactions, it is valued at roughly $19 billion, according to Reuters calculations. Spotify, launched in 2008 and available in more than 60 countries, is the biggest music streaming company in the world and counts services from Apple Inc (AAPL.O), Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) and Alphabet Inc’s< GOOGL.O> Google as its main rivals. In the filing, Spotify laid out detailed financial data for the first time, showing rising revenue and relatively steady operating costs, which analysts took as a positive. Revenue rose 39 percent to 4.09 billion euros ($4.99 billion) in 2017, from 2.95 billion euros a year earlier. Its operating loss widened to 378 million euros in 2017 from 349 million euros. Its net loss ballooned 129 percent in 2017, driven mostly by financing costs related to a 2016 deal in which Sweden-based Spotify raised $1 billion in debt that would convert to shares upon an initial public offering. “The revenue continues to grow but in particular their costs are growing slower than revenue, which is exactly what you expect in a business like this,” said Jay Ritter, an expert in initial public offerings and professor at the University of Florida. Spotify compared its aspirations to the reach of Facebook (FB.O) and YouTube.“We believe the universality of music gives us the opportunity to reach many of the over 3.6 billion internet users globally,” it said. With 71 million premium subscribers globally, Spotify has about twice as many paying customers as music streaming runner up Apple, with 36 million. Including those who listen to advertising-supported streams, Spotify has about 159 million monthly average users. Amazon Music Unlimited has 16 million paying subscribers, and Pandora Media Inc (P.N) has 5.48 million total subscribers. Google has not said how many subscribers it has to Google Play, its music streaming service. Spotify’s premium subscription costs $9.99 a month, but it said it saw great potential in its ad-supported service, which Apple does not offer. “With our ad-supported service, we believe there is a large opportunity to grow users and gain market share from traditional terrestrial radio,” Spotify said. The net proportion of subscribers who left Spotify’s paid-for service, or churn, fell to 5.1 percent of paying customers at the end of 2017, from 6.9 percent at the start of 2016, the company said. “This has been a question we’ve been wondering for a long time: how sustainable is Spotify’s model? This is the very first time we’re seeing public disclosure about churn, and the news there is really good,” said Larry Miller, head of the music business program at New York University’s Steinhardt School. Spotify calculated that customers brought in 3.6 times more revenue over their life as a user than the company spent on marketing to attract them, as of the end of 2017, helping boost free cash flow to 109 million euros by the end of last year. Still, in going head to head against Apple, Amazon and others, Spotify is“competing against companies that never need to make a dime on music as a standalone business and that in fact use it to drive other aspects of their business,” Miller said. Apple and Alphabet also control the two main operating systems used by smartphones, iOS and Android. They and Amazon are all developing computer assistants, such as Amazon’s Alexa and Apple’s Siri, that could give the bigger companies advantages. “Many of our competitors enjoy competitive advantages such as greater name recognition, legacy operating histories, and larger marketing budgets, as well as greater financial, technical, human, and other resources,” Spotify said in its filing. Apple has launched massive marketing campaigns around its service and added subscribers rapidly in the last three years.“I don’t think there’s any doubt that the pace of competition this year has quickened,” Miller said. Spotify has a powerful ally, in the music arm of China’s Tencent Holdings Ltd (0700.HK). The companies in December said they would buy minority stakes in each other, helping increase exposure to each other’s core markets. A direct listing does not dilute ownership, as would happen with a conventional initial public offering, and saves hundreds of millions of dollars in underwriting fees. But it also frees existing owners from any lockup period restricting them from selling their shares following the listing. Underwriters that provide price stability for new listings are not used in a direct listing, which could mean a volatile start for Spotify shares in public. Shares trade privately in a wide band. Spotify is valued between $16.8 billion and $22.6 billion, based on recent ordinary share prices between $95 and $127.50 in the private markets in February and 177 million shares estimated outstanding by the end of February, according to its filing. Synovus Trust portfolio manager Dan Morgan described Spotify as“interesting,” but questioned how quickly it might become profitable. “How can Spotify monetize its user base beyond a $5-$15 monthly subscription fee?,” Morgan asked. 
969076057637867520	2018-03-01 05:05:11	https://t.co/lRcZrO7Qi0	U.S. envoy tells Guatemala president: We back U.N. graft body, chief https://t.co/lRcZrO7Qi0	 GUATEMALA CITY (Reuters) - U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley told Guatemalan President Jimmy Morales on Wednesday that Washington supports a U.N.-backed anti-graft body and its commissioner, who Morales has tried to oust after investigators targeted him. Haley said during a visit to Guatemala City Morales had not asked her for help to remove the head of the decade-old International Commission against Impunity (CICIG), Ivan Velasquez, a veteran Colombian prosecutor. “I told him that we supported CICIG and supported the commissioner,” Haley told two reporters traveling with her in the poor, violent Central American country. She said she encouraged Morales to continue his own anti-corruption efforts, which she said“were not getting heard.” Haley told Morales the Guatemalan people support CICIG and it was“in his best interest” to continue backing the body. Guatemala’s attorney general and CICIG jointly sought in August to investigate Morales, a former comedian, over the illegal financing allegation. Morales declared Velasquez“persona non grata” two days later. A CICIG investigation into allegations of illicit campaign financing, which followed separate graft probes into members of the president’s family, had threatened Morales with impeachment. He escaped that fate. Guatemalan Foreign Minister Sandra Jovel met U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres, who has the power to remove Velasquez, earlier this month. Guterres expressed shock in August at Morales’ attempt to expel Velasquez. Morales won office in 2015 running on a platform of honest governance after former president Otto Perez Molina was forced to resign and was imprisoned in a multi-million dollar graft case stemming from a CICIG investigation. Haley also met Velasquez and Guatemala Attorney General Thelma Aldana on Wednesday. “I think CICIG can improve on a lot of fronts,” said Haley, adding that it should not be politicized. The United States has spent $44.5 million in funding on CICIG since it was established in 2007. “I told them they should be like the FBI ... everybody knows they do their job but they do it quietly,” she said.“They don’t need to be in the paper every day.” Many politicians in Guatemala consider the foreign-led body, which is unusual among U.N. bodies for its powers to bring cases to prosecutors, to be a violation of national sovereignty. Anti-corruption activists credit it with cleaning up government. Senior CICIG official Osvaldo Lapuente said earlier on Wednesday:“At the end of the day we’re trying to strengthen democracy here in Guatemala, we think the United States is an important ally for us.” 
969076057579098112	2018-03-01 05:05:11	https://t.co/qW7RSvvtRb	New Zealand teenager tried to assassinate Queen Elizabeth in 1981: intelligence agency https://t.co/qW7RSvvtRb	 WELLINGTON/SYDNEY (Reuters) - New Zealand’s intelligence agency on Thursday confirmed for the first time that a teenager tried to assassinate Queen Elizabeth II during a visit to the southern city of Dunedin in 1981, sparking a police inquiry into how the incident was handled. Documents released by the New Zealand Security Intelligence Service (SIS) show the then 17-year-old Christopher Lewis shot at the Queen as she got out of her vehicle on the way to a science fair on Oct. 14 during her eight-day tour of the Commonwealth nation. “Lewis did indeed originally intend to assassinate the Queen, however did not have a suitable vantage point from which to fire, nor a sufficiently high-powered rifle for the range from the target,” said a 1997 SIS memo, that was declassified in February and sent to Reuters on Thursday. The documents were declassified in response to a request by Fairfax Media. Lewis, who intelligence documents described as a“severely disturbed” youth, was not charged with attempted murder or treason, adding to claims the incident was downplayed to prevent embarrassment to a country hosting a royal visit. He was instead charged with unlawful possession and discharge of a firearm. Members of the crowd in Dunedin and reporters heard the shot, but were initially told by police that the noise was from a falling sign or a car backfiring. “Current police investigations into the shots have been conducted discreetly and most media representatives probably have the impression that the noise was caused by a firework of some description,” said a November 1981 memo from SIS, also released on Thursday. According to intelligence documents, police kept a close eye on Lewis during a 1986 visit by the Queen to New Zealand, fearing that he was still a risk. The intelligence agency revelations have prompted a police inquiry into the matter, authorities said on Thursday. A New Zealand police spokeswoman said in a statement to Reuters that the police commissioner had ordered the case file be examined. More than a decade after the incident, Lewis was charged with the brutal murder of an Auckland mother and the abduction of her baby daughter, who was later dropped at a nearby church. According to multiple news reports at the time, Lewis electrocuted himself while in prison in 1997 awaiting the murder trial. He denied the murder charge in a suicide note. New Zealand has been independent of British rule since 1947, but retains the Queen as its constitutional monarch and head of state. She has visited the country as monarch 10 times, most recently in 2002. 
969069740265295872	2018-03-01 04:40:05	https://t.co/jDlhAJ6Veb	Walmart joins Dick's Sporting Goods in raising age to buy guns https://t.co/jDlhAJ6Veb https://t.co/vvOiZbBOyd	 WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Walmart Inc (WMT.N), the largest U.S. retailer, joined Dick’s Sporting Goods Inc (DKS.N) in raising the minimum age to purchase firearms to 21 after the massacre at a Florida high school that has reopened a fierce debate over gun control in America. Walmart said that“in light of recent events” it was raising the age for purchasers of firearms and ammunition to 21 from 18. The retailer is also was removing items from its website that resemble assault rifles, including non-lethal airsoft guns and toys. Walmart stopped selling assault firearms and accessories in 2015 and only sells handguns in Alaska. Dick’s, a U.S. retailer of camping supplies, sporting goods and guns, will stop selling assault rifles and high-capacity magazines. It will not sell any guns to people under age 21, Dick’s chief executive, Ed Stack, said in an open letter on the company’s website. The announcements came the same day that classes resumed at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, where 17 people, mostly students, were killed two weeks ago in one of the deadliest U.S. mass shootings. The accused gunman, 19-year-old Nikolas Cruz, legally purchased a weapon at Dick’s in November, although not the type used in the shooting, Stack said. Cruz, a former student at Stoneman Douglas, is accused of using an AR-15 assault-style weapon to carry out the killing. The massacre spurred a youth-led wave of protests, and state and national officials are considering whether to pass stricter gun control measures. The powerful National Rifle Association traditionally opposes such curbs, citing the right to bear arms under the U.S. Constitution’s Second Amendment. Dick’s removed assault-style weapons from its Dick’s-branded stores after the 2012 shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut that killed 20 first graders and six adults, but continued selling them through another retail brand. Wednesday’s move takes them out of its 35 Field & Stream outlets as well, Stack said, adding the measure would be permanent. Some analysts said the 2012 decision did not hurt the retailer’s sales, likely giving company executives confidence to make Wednesday’s move. Stack said he knew the company’s decision would upset some customers, but he cited the passionate response by the students and families in Parkland. “We have heard you,” he said. Stack said in his letter that Dick’s respects the Second Amendment and law-abiding gun owners but was obliged to address a national gun epidemic that is killing too many children. After the Parkland shooting, it was clear there were not enough systemic protections to prevent gun sales to people who are potential threats, Stack said, adding that Congress should tighten background checks to include relevant mental health information. Dick’s, based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, operates about 715 Dick’s-branded stores across the United States. It was the latest company to take action after the Florida shooting. Other businesses have cut ties with the NRA and gun manufacturers. Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O), the world’s largest online retailer, has long prohibited the sale of firearms and explosives on its websites, as well as ammunition and gun accessories in most cases. It declined comment on the issue on Wednesday. EBay (EBAY.O) said its policy prohibits the sale of firearms and high-capacity magazines of more than 10 rounds. Since the Florida shooting, gun-control supporters have called on Amazon as well as Roku, Apple Inc (AAPL.O) and others to drop the National Rifle Association’s programming from their streaming services. Outdoor goods retailer Bass Pro Shops, which acquired Cabelas Inc last year and sells guns under both retail brands, did not respond to requests for comment. Package delivery company FedEx Corp (FDX.N) declined to comment on whether it would change its firearms shipping policy after the Florida shooting, while rival United Parcel Service Inc (UPS.N) said it was not changing its policies. 
969067261297340416	2018-03-01 04:30:14	https://t.co/XKQ2LzeS9o	Brazil Congress approves rules for Uber, other ride-hailing apps https://t.co/XKQ2LzeS9o https://t.co/kKWch7wUDg	 BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazil’s lower house of Congress approved a weakened version of a bill late on Wednesday to regulate car-hailing apps like Uber but maintained a provision allowing local governments to institute rules for the services. The bill will now pass to President Michel Temer for signature or veto. Brazil’s Senate approved the bill last year under heavy lobbying from ride-hailing companies, voting to weaken regulations, including removing requirements for special red license plates for ride-hailing cars and for drivers to own their cars. The lower house of Congress accepted those amendments but voted to maintain a provision allowing for local governments to regulate the services, although local approval is not required for applications to operate in individual municipalities. Uber and other ride-hailing apps praised the latest version of the bill for responding to the concerns of its drivers and passengers. “Instead of prohibiting, the text regulates the activity of partner drivers and organizes criteria for apps to operate,” Uber said in a statement. Spain’s Cabify, which operates in Brazil, said the bill“puts Brazil on the forefront of regulation for individual passenger transportation service apps” and that it was“an achievement for the urban mobility sector.” 
969066573842604037	2018-03-01 04:27:30	https://t.co/Dc8XpkntM8	Thai tourism body says it opposes 'sex tourism' https://t.co/Dc8XpkntM8	 BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thailand’s tourism body has said in a statement that it“strongly opposes any form of sex tourism” as it hopes to welcome a record number of holiday-makers this year. Known for its beaches, Buddhist temples and world-famous cuisine, Thailand is consistently voted one of the world’s top destinations. It expects to welcome a record 37.55 million tourists this year. But it is also known for sex. Although prostitution is illegal in Thailand, it is tolerated and brothels frequented by Thais and foreigners can be found in most major cities. Thai police on Monday arrested a group of 10 Russians who were running a sex training class for their compatriots in the seaside town of Pattaya, and have charged them with working in Thailand without permission. “The Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT) ensures that its marketing strategy and policy to move Thailand forward as the‘Quality Destination’ has stepped in the right direction ... and strongly opposes any form of sex tourism,” the TAT said in a statement late on Wednesday. Signs offering“soapy massages” - bubble baths given to brothel clients that usually end with sex - and go-go bars have helped to bolster Thailand’s reputation as a sex destination. There are around 123,530 sex workers in Thailand, according to a 2014 UNAIDS report. Thailand and sex tourism have become so synonymous that last month British Foreign Minister Boris Johnson alluded to the issue during a Brexit speech. “... more than a million people ... go to Thailand every year where our superb consular services deal with some of the things that they get up to there,” said Johnson. In 2016, Thailand’s then-tourism minister said she was pushing to rid the country of its ubiquitous brothels and wanted Thailand to be about“quality tourism”. That pledge was followed by police raids on some of the biggest establishments providing sex services in the capital Bangkok. But experts say ridding the country of an industry that is so entrenched will be extremely difficult. The TAT statement this week follows tension between Thailand and Gambia after Gambia’s tourism minister was reported to have told tourists last month to go to Thailand for sex rather than visit the West African country. That prompted Thailand’s foreign ministry to file a formal letter of protest with consular offices representing Gambia. Last year, Thailand’s tourism industry recorded its highest revenue in history, raking in $53.76 billion, a 12 percent increase from 2016. 
969056111985856513	2018-03-01 03:45:55	https://t.co/G6C1z8eQ0w	Australia’s Sydney Harbor Bridge sees first same sex wedding https://t.co/G6C1z8eQ0w	 SYDNEY (Reuters) - They met in passing while trying to lose weight but on Thursday Australian men Warren Orlandi and Pauly Phillips made history by becoming the first same sex couple to get married on top of the Sydney Harbor Bridge. The couple took their vows in front of family and friends gathered on the structure dubbed the“coat hanger”, 134 meters (439 feet) above the city’s main harbor, two days before the 40th anniversary of the Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras. The wedding is a fitting personal milestone for Orlandi especially. When he began losing weight in 2013 he was more than 370 kgs (815 lbs) and set himself the goal of being fit enough to climb the famous bridge. He ultimately lost more than 250 kgs (551 lbs). Australia became the 26th nation to legalize same-sex marriage in December 2017, a watershed moment in a country where some states held homosexual activity to be illegal until twenty years ago. (This version of the story has been refiled to fix punctuation in third paragraph) 
969054642574364672	2018-03-01 03:40:05	https://t.co/h688CrXSNn	PSG's Neymar to undergo surgery in Brazil - club https://t.co/h688CrXSNn https://t.co/5IKrof7VLC	 PARIS (Reuters) - Paris St Germain forward Neymar will undergo surgery in Brazil this week after he suffered a fractured metatarsal and a sprained ankle, the French club said on Wednesday. “After tests, and with the player’s agreement, it has been decided that surgery is the best option,” PSG said in a statement.“Neymar Jr will be operated on in Brazil at the end of the week.” The operation will be performed by the Brazil national team doctor and means the 26-year-old will miss next week’s Champions League match against Real Madrid. PSG trail Real 3-1 ahead of the last 16 second-leg game in Paris on March 6. Neymar’s father predicted the injury would keep his son out for between six to eight weeks, meaning he would return to action in plenty time for the World Cup finals in Russia. The five-times World Cup winners kick off their campaign against Switzerland on June 17 and then face Costa Rica and Serbia. Neymar missed PSG’s 3-0 win over Olympique Marseille in the French Cup on Wednesday night but he later posted a message on Instagram: “Obstacles should not impede you,” he wrote alongside a picture taken moments after he was injured.“If you come up against a wall don’t give up. Find a way to climb it.” Neymar, who became the world’s most expensive player last August when PSG paid 222 million euros ($271 million) to sign him from Barcelona, has scored 28 goals and provided 16 assists for the Ligue 1 leaders this season. In addition to missing PSG’s seasons-defining match against Real, Neymar will also sit out Brazil’s friendlies against Russia and Germany in March. ($1 = 0.8200 euros) 
969050150567063552	2018-03-01 03:22:14	https://t.co/WBBPcOJUgU	Exclusive: U.S. mulls sanctions on Venezuela to put pressure on Maduro - source https://t.co/WBBPcOJUgU	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration is considering imposing sanctions on a military-run Venezuelan oil services company and restricting insurance coverage for Venezuelan oil shipments to increase pressure on socialist President Nicolas Maduro, a U.S. official said. With Maduro running for another term in an election that Washington and its allies regard as a sham, the United States is weighing sanctions that would target Venezuela’s vital oil sector beyond what has been done before, the official told Reuters on Wednesday. Some measures could come before the vote and others could be imposed afterwards. The official, who is close to U.S. internal deliberations on Venezuela policy and who spoke on condition of anonymity, would not rule out an eventual full-scale ban on Venezuelan oil shipments to the United States, among the toughest of oil-related sanctions. “I think (it would cause) a fairly strong shock to the oil market in the short term,” the official said. The official stressed that no decisions have been made and that any U.S. action would take into consideration potential harm to ordinary Venezuelans, already suffering from food shortages and hyperinflation, and the country’s neighbors as well as the impact on the U.S. oil industry and consumers. Venezuela’s Information Ministry did not respond to a request for comment on potential further sanctions. Maduro, himself subject to sanctions last year, regularly laughs off Washington’s disapproval and blames the U.S.“empire” for his country’s economic woes, saying it is trying to undermine Venezuela’s leftist government. Venezuela was the fourth largest supplier of crude oil and products to the United States in 2017, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration. Its crude oil sales to the United States last year were the lowest since 1991, according to Thomson Reuters trade flows data. “Oil sanctions are not taken lightly,” the official said. “This would be a fairly strong escalation for U.S. policy, whether it’s a complete oil sanction or salami slices of different graduated steps.” President Donald Trump’s administration is also considering possible sanctions against additional military and political figures, including Socialist Party No. 2 Diosdado Cabello, the official said. Experts say sanctions on individuals have had little or no impact on the Venezuelan government’s policies. Washington’s crafting of new sanctions comes as Venezuela’s main opposition coalition is boycotting the election, citing“fraudulent” conditions. Venezuela’s election board postponed the presidential vote from April 22 to the second half of May on Thursday after an agreement between the government and some opposition parties. Critics had accused Venezuelan authorities of holding the vote early in the year to wrong-foot the opposition. The U.S. official had said before news of the date change that even if Venezuelan authorities delayed the election by a month or two, it was not likely to prompt Washington to hold back on sanctions. The best tool for making the Venezuelan government feel economic pain, U.S. government sources say, is through“sectoral” sanctions, such as financial measures announced in August that barred U.S. banks from any new debt deals with Venezuelan authorities or state-run oil giant PDVSA. Venezuela’s foreign minister, Jorge Arreaza, said in Geneva on Tuesday that U.S. sanctions are making foreign debt renegotiation more difficult and causing“panic” at global banks. Among the possible new U.S. targets is Camimpeg, Venezuela’s military-run oil services firm, the official said. Camimpeg provides PDVSA with assistance in drilling, logistics and security and was founded by the military in 2016 although little is known about its activities. The opposition says the armed forces are a nest of corruption and accuse Maduro of trying to buy the support of military chiefs by giving them increasing control of the OPEC nation’s crude reserves, the world’s largest. Another option would be sanctions aimed at putting restrictions on insurance coverage for oil tankers and oil cargos involving PDVSA, the official said. Oil exports are typically protected by insurance on tankers as well as on the cargo. Without insurance, a vessel cannot navigate in international waters, which means Venezuela’s oil exports would likely be curtailed. Sanctions on cargo insurance would also hurt because PDVSA has a limited tanker fleet. The Trump administration is still considering blocking the sale of lighter U.S. crude and refined products that Venezuela mixes with its heavy crude and then exports, the official told Reuters. “There’s a host of additional sanctions that could be imposed. The president has all those before him,” U.S. Senator Marco Rubio said in an interview with Reuters. Rubio has pushed for Trump to take a tougher line on Venezuela than former President Barack Obama. In a commentary in the Miami Herald, Rubio called for a“united front of disaffected government insiders and military personnel, with popular support from the Venezuelan people, to remove Maduro.” The U.S. official interviewed by Reuters reiterated the administration’s stance that it is not seeking“regime change.” The Venezuelan government did not respond to a request for comment on Rubio’s remarks. Maduro and other senior officials have frequently accused the United States of trying to provoke a coup. The Trump administration has also pressed Cuba, Venezuela’s Communist-ruled ally, to stop“propping up” Maduro, the U.S. official said. Cuba has long depended on Caracas for cut-rate oil supplies that have fallen off amid Venezuela’s crisis. Cuba has provided Venezuela with doctors and other services. U.S. authorities have said that includes a political and security advisory role. Asked whether Washington could impose sanctions on Cuban officials, the U.S. official said,“I’m not prepared to comment on that,” but added that the administration was “looking at all options” necessary to pressure Venezuela. The Cuban government did not respond to a request for comment. 
969047961383686144	2018-03-01 03:13:32	https://t.co/f7CqY2Xuxs	Israeli-U.S. teen indicted for bomb threats, hate crimes: U.S. Justice Department https://t.co/f7CqY2Xuxs	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A 19-year-old man has been indicted for hate crimes connected to threats against Jewish community centers, as well as threatening the Israeli embassy and cyberstalking, the U.S. Justice Department said on Wednesday. Michael Kadar was arrested in Israel last year and is awaiting trial there. U.S. and Israeli authorities have previously charged him with making thousands of threats, including to airports, schools and Jewish centers, in the United States in 2016 and early 2017. Kadar, who holds dual U.S.-Israeli citizenship, was indicted by grand juries in Florida, Georgia and the District of Columbia for making threats from January to March 2017, the Justice Department said in a statement. The statement did not say whether he would be extradited to the United States. Kadar is alleged to have telephoned the Anti-Defamation League with a bomb threat and making a bomb threat in an email to the Israeli embassy in Washington, both in March 2017, the Justice Department said. Kadar, who is Jewish, was indicted for allegedly calling police in January 2017 about a hoax hostage situation at a home in Athens, Georgia, which included a threat to kill responding officers. Kadar also faces a federal cyberstalking indictment in Georgia. In Florida, Kadar was charged with making multiple threatening calls about bomb threats and gun attacks against Jewish community centers throughout the state in January and February 2017. He also is alleged to have made bomb threats against the Orlando International Airport and a school. The hoax threats to the Jewish community centers forced widespread evacuations and raised fears of a resurgence in anti-Semitism. U.S. authorities have said in court documents that Kadar advertised his services on AlphaBay, a now-closed online black market, and offered to threaten any school for $30. The Justice Department shut AlphBay down in July 2017. Israeli authorities have accused him of earning about $240,000 worth of the digital currency Bitcoin after selling his threat services on the dark web. Kadar’s parents have said he has a brain tumor that caused autism and other mental problems, making him unable to understand the nature of his actions. If convicted, Kadar faces up to 20 years in prison for each hate crime charge and a maximum of 10 years for each bomb threat charge. The interstate threats charge, the hoax charge and cyberstalking charge call for up to five years in prison apiece. 
969047961316614144	2018-03-01 03:13:32	https://t.co/YZhpBQrAQ3	Australia’s Sydney Harbour Bridge sees first same sex wedding https://t.co/YZhpBQrAQ3	 SYDNEY (Reuters) - They met in passing while trying to lose weight but on Thursday Australian men Warren Orlandi and Pauly Phillips made history by becoming the first same sex couple to get married on top of the Sydney Harbor Bridge. The couple took their vows in front of family and friends gathered on the structure dubbed the“coat hanger”, 134 meters (439 feet) above the city’s main harbor, two days before the 40th anniversary of the Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras. The wedding is a fitting personal milestone for Orlandi especially. When he began losing weight in 2013 he was more than 370 kgs (815 lbs) and set himself the goal of being fit enough to climb the famous bridge. He ultimately lost more than 250 kgs (551 lbs). Australia became the 26th nation to legalize same-sex marriage in December 2017, a watershed moment in a country where some states held homosexual activity to be illegal until twenty years ago. (This version of the story has been refiled to fix punctuation in third paragraph) 
969045678403084288	2018-03-01 03:04:28	https://t.co/h8ZR86jxHB	South Korean president lashes Japan over wartime use of 'comfort women' https://t.co/h8ZR86jxHB	 SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean President Moon Jae-in described Japan’s wartime use of“comfort women” as a“crime against humanity” on Thursday in some of his strongest comments yet, sparking an immediate protest from his key ally in containing North Korea. Moon said during a speech marking a national holiday commemorating Korean resistance to Japanese occupation - his first since taking office last year - that Japan was in no position to declare the emotionally charged issue settled. “To resolve the comfort women issue, the Japanese Government, the perpetrator, should not say the matter is closed,” Moon said. “The issue of a crime against humanity committed in time of war cannot be closed with just a word. A genuine resolution of unfortunate history is to remember it and learn a lesson from it.” His comments drew an immediate rebuke from Tokyo. Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga described Moon’s comments as“extremely regrettable”. Suga, speaking at a regular briefing, also urged cooperation between South Korea and Japan to tackle the threat posed by North Korea. The two Koreas have pursued a thaw in relations that began ahead of last month’s Winter Olympics in South Korea, but Seoul remains a key part of the international push to increase pressure on Pyongyang to abandon its nuclear weapons and ballistic missile programs. Japan and South Korea share a bitter history that includes Japan’s 1910-45 colonization of the peninsula and the use of“comfort women”, Japan’s euphemism for women - many of them Korean - forced to work in its wartime brothels. Japan apologized to the women and provided a 1 billion yen ($9.4 million) fund to help them under a 2015 deal with Moon’s conservative predecessor, but South Korea has recently sought to revisit the issue. “These details were agreed by South Korea and Japan and we find it unacceptable and extremely regrettable,” Suga said. Moon, speaking at the site of a former jail where Korean independence fighters were imprisoned by Japanese forces, said South Korea was not looking for“special treatment” from Tokyo. However, he hoped Japan pursued“sincere self-reflection” and“squarely face the truth of history and justice with the universal conscience of humanity”. Japan also formally complained on Monday after South Korea’s foreign minister raised the issue at the top U.N. rights body, warning that it should not be allowed to harm bilateral relations at a critical time in East Asia. A South Korean panel set up to investigate the deal concluded late last year that the agreement failed to meet the needs of the thousands of girls and women forced to work in Japan’s military brothels. Over the objections of some in his conservative base, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe went on to visit South Korea during last month’s Winter Olympics, but he restated Tokyo’s opposition to revising the 2015 agreement, telling Moon the deal was a promise between nations and the basis of two-way ties. On Thursday Moon said South Korea considered Japan one of its closest neighbors and hoped to be able to move forward together. “I hope Japan will be able to genuinely reconcile with its neighbors on which it inflicted suffering and will walk the path of peaceful coexistence and prosperity together,” he said. 
969045678323322881	2018-03-01 03:04:28	https://t.co/sFFkeaqwAy	Senate passes Taiwan travel bill that has angered China https://t.co/sFFkeaqwAy	 BEIJING/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - China expressed anger on Thursday after the U.S. Senate passed a bill promoting closer U.S. ties with Taiwan, but the step drew praise from the self-ruled island which pledged to deepen cooperation. The move adds to tensions between China and the United States, already at loggerheads over trade, with President Xi Jinping’s close economic advisor Liu He in Washington this week to try and avert a trade war. Several top U.S. steel and aluminum executives have been invited to the White House later on Thursday for what could be a major trade announcement, according to two people familiar with the meeting. U.S. President Donald Trump has vowed to take steps to crack down on imports of steel and aluminum and has been considering imposing hefty tariffs on imports of the metals from China and other countries. Beijing considers democratic Taiwan to be a wayward province and integral part of “one China”, ineligible for state-to-state relations, and has never renounced the use of force to bring the island under its control. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said though the bill was not legally binding and seriously violates the “one China” principle. “China is strongly dissatisfied with this and resolutely opposes it, and has already lodged stern representations with the U.S. side,” she told a daily news briefing. The “one China” principle is the foundation for China-U.S. ties, Hua added. China urges the United States to cease official exchanges with Taiwan and “prudently and appropriately handle issues related to Taiwan to avoid seriously interfering with and damaging China-U.S. relations”, she said. The Senate passed the Taiwan Travel Act by unanimous consent. It passed the House of Representatives in January, also without opposition. The legislation only needs Trump’s signature to become law. The bill says it should be U.S. policy to allow officials at all levels to travel to Taiwan to meet their Taiwanese counterparts, permit high-level Taiwanese officials to enter the United States “under respectful conditions” and meet with U.S. officials, and encourage Taiwanese economic and cultural representatives to conduct business in the United States. White House officials did not immediately respond when asked if Trump planned to sign the legislation. It would be unusual for a president to veto a measure that passed unanimously. TAIWAN PRAISES “JOINT VALUES” Taiwan’s Foreign Ministry thanked the United States for the unanimous support for the bill and for the U.S. government’s increasingly friendly and open attitude toward Taiwan. “The Foreign Ministry will keep developing an even more substantive cooperative relationship with the United States, to promote both sides’ joint values and mutually-beneficial interests,” it said. Taiwan’s Presidential Office said the United States was its most important international ally, and that it would discuss the matter with the United States and further strengthen relations. The United States has no formal ties with Taiwan but is bound by law to help it defend itself and is the island’s main source of arms. China regularly says Taiwan is the most sensitive issue in its ties with Washington. China’s hostility toward Taiwan has risen since the election as president of Tsai Ing-wen from the pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) in 2016. China suspects Tsai wants to push for formal independence, a red line for Communist Party leaders in Beijing, though she has said she wants to maintain the status quo and is committed to ensuring peace. On Wednesday, two former Taiwan presidents, Lee Teng-hui and Chen Shui-bian, backed a bid for a referendum on Taiwan independence next year, though Taiwan’s government has not supported the plan. Were such a vote to happen, China could feel it has to activate its Anti-Secession Law, which allows it to use force on Taiwan if deemed necessary to prevent the island from seceding. 
969043498115756032	2018-03-01 02:55:48	https://t.co/kQyjp6fGK9	China's top paper says reform does not mean life-long presidency https://t.co/kQyjp6fGK9	 BEIJING (Reuters) - Reforms to China’s constitution to remove term limits for the presidency does not mean life-long terms, the ruling Communist Party’s official People’s Daily said on Thursday, after a surge of concern that Xi Jinping may stay in power forever. The party made the announcement on Sunday, setting the stage for Xi to stay in office indefinitely should he wish, prompting accusations from some in the country that China is set to become another North Korea. The amendment will be approved at this month’s annual meeting of China’s largely rubber stamp parliament, which is stacked with delegates loyal to the party who will not challenge its proposal. In a lengthy commentary, the People’s Daily said the idea was an “important move” to cement the party’s leadership in every aspect. “This amendment does not mean changing the retirement system for party and national leaders, and does not mean a life-long term system for leading officials,” the paper wrote. It pointed out that the party’s constitution, which is different from the national constitution, clearly states that leaders cannot keep their offices forever and that if their health does not hold up they should retire. The rules for who heads the party, the military and the state - all positions Xi currently holds - are all the same, the paper added. “It is a system designed to accord with the national condition and ensure long-term peace and stability for the party and the country,” it said. The party has had an unwritten rule that senior officials cannot be promoted once they reach the age of 68, though the party has said that this rule is exactly that - unwritten. There has been heated speculation since the end of a once-every-five-years party congress in October about the fate of a close Xi ally, former top graft buster Wang Qishan, who stepped down from the elite Standing Committee at the congress, having reached the age of 69. But he is expected to be appointed vice president at parliament, with a specific role dealing with the Trump administration. The move is significant because if Wang does not retire, that would set a precedent for Xi, now 64, to stay in power after he reaches what is normally considered retirement age. Xi will be formally elected to his second term as president at parliament, which opens on Monday. He began his second term as party boss in October. 
969040271265722368	2018-03-01 02:42:59	https://t.co/d5qNtbxoD1	China's Tangshan extends level 2 pollution alert https://t.co/d5qNtbxoD1	 BEIJING (Reuters) - China’s top steelmaking city of Tangshan on Thursday said it would extend a level 2 or “orange” pollution alert until further notice, leaving steel and coke plants under tighter restrictions. Tangshan, located in China’s northern Hebei province, had originally put the alert in place from Feb. 24-28 due to heavy smog. An orange alert, the second-most severe in China’s pollution warning system after red, is issued when forecast readings of particulate matter with a width of 2.5 microns, known as PM2.5, are above 200 microgams per cubic meters for three consecutive days, including one day above 300 micrograms. The alert last week ordered Tangshan sintering plants to stop production for 48 hours and then operate for a maximum of 12 hours before stopping again. Coke plants must extend their production time to over 48 hours, meaning less dust will be produced during the process. Factories in heavily polluted Tangshan have been forced to cut production by as much as 50 percent during China’s 2017/18 winter months as part of a targeted environmental protection campaign. The city, which accounts for about 12 percent of the country’s steel output, said last month it would extend restrictions on production after the end of the winter heating season on March 15. It plans to ask mills to cut utilization rates by 10-15 percent from March 16 to Nov. 14 to improve air quality. Shanghai’s most traded steel rebar contract was up 0.5 percent at 4,059 yuan ($639.91) a tonne at 0303 GMT, reaching its highest in nearly three months. 
969039584276439040	2018-03-01 02:40:15	https://t.co/jYW9V7t2DY	Salesforce profit beats on strong cloud business https://t.co/jYW9V7t2DY https://t.co/cJVXuGJ3Ql	 (Reuters) - Salesforce.com Inc (CRM.N) posted a quarterly profit that topped Wall Street targets on Wednesday fueled by growth in its cloud-based sales and marketing software. Shares of the company, which have risen nearly 14 percent this year, were up slightly at $117 in extended trading. The San Francisco-based company has benefited from the growing trend among companies switching to cloud-based services due to lower costs and high level of scalability. Revenue from Sales Cloud, its flagship product which allows companies to store data, monitor progress and simplify business processes, rose nearly 16 percent to $931.8 million. Sales Cloud is the largest contributor to the company’s subscription and support revenue. Salesforce Chief Operating Officer Keith Block told Reuters that growth was“driven by accelerating demand and execution across every industry that we’re in.” Subscription and support revenue, which accounts for more than half of the total revenue, rose nearly 26 percent to $2.66 billion, beating the average analyst estimate of $2.59 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Salesforce forecast first-quarter adjusted profit of 43 cents to 44 cents per share and revenue of $2.93 billion to $2.94 billion. Analysts on average were expecting a profit of 37 cents per share on revenue of $2.9 billion for the first quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The company’s outlook for the year ahead reflects a bump courtesy of the new U.S. tax laws, Salesforce Chief Financial officer Mark Hawkins told Reuters.“That definitely is a favorable effect with that rate change,” he said. Salesforce’s deferred revenue, which is used by subscription-based software businesses to measure future business, rose 28 percent year-over-year to $7.09 billion, beating analysts’ average expectations of $6.7 billion, according to financial and data analytics firm FactSet. The company reported a net income of about $67.6 million, or 9 cents per share, in the fourth quarter ended Jan. 31, compared with a loss of $51.4 million, or 7 cents per share, a year earlier. Total revenue rose 24.3 percent to $2.85 billion. Analysts on average were expecting a profit of 33 cents per share and revenue of $2.81 billion. Salesforce holds more than 18 percent of the global customer relationship management software market, followed by Oracle with 9.4 percent, according to 2016 figures provided by research firm IDC. The company can still grow by taking business from competitors and it is operating in an expanding market, said Joe Tenebruso, analyst with the Motley Fool. “Salesforce is iterating faster than their competitors, and they’re continuing to take share,” Tenebruso said.“They’re able to integrate the latest tech offerings, such as artificial intelligence, without the need of their customers to purchase new hardware, which is a powerful advantage.” Excluding items, the company earned 35 cents per share. 
969034152661184512	2018-03-01 02:18:40	https://t.co/jagLVoJylk	Philippines says any South China Sea energy deal must be with Chinese company, not government https://t.co/jagLVoJylk	 MANILA (Reuters) - Any potential deals between Manila and Beijing on energy exploration in the South China Sea should be agreed with a company and not the Chinese government, a senior Philippine official said on Thursday. China claims most of the South China Sea, a key trade route and home to areas that are believed to hold large quantities of oil and natural gas. Along with China, parts of the South China Sea are subject to competing claims from Brunei, Malaysia, Taiwan, Vietnam and the Philippines. “We might enter into an agreement with a Chinese-owned corporation, not the Chinese state itself,” Harry Roque, the spokesman for President Rodrigo Duterte, told ANC news channel. The two countries last month agreed to set up a special panel to work out how they can jointly explore offshore oil and gas in areas both sides claim, without needing to address the touchy issue of sovereignty. Pursuing a joint project would be extremely complex and sensitive, as sharing oil and gas reserves could be seen as endorsing the other countries’ claims. “We are not entering into a sovereign agreement for exploration. It will be an agreement, if we do, between two corporate entities,” Roque said. Duterte said late Wednesday that China had proposed joint exploration that was“like co-ownership” and better than the two fighting over it. Roque on Thursday stressed during a news briefing that the issue was about joint exploration and exploitation as a practical solution for the Philippines to access resources without conflicts over sovereignty. He said Duterte was using co-ownership as an analogy to try to simplify the issue. The Philippines suspended exploration in the Reed Bank in 2014 to pursue a legal challenge to China’s territorial claims. Included in a 2016 ruling by the Permanent Court of Arbitration in the Hague was a clarification of Manila’s sovereign right to access offshore oil and gas fields, including the Reed Bank, within its 200 mile Exclusive Economic Zone. Negotiations are ongoing with a Chinese state-owned company, Roque said, declining to name the entity. The Philippines, China’s CNOOC Ltd and state-owned PetroVietnam jointly surveyed the Reed Bank in 2003 to 2008. Roque said, however, there were some doubts that a joint agreement would work because China did not favor joint activities. The Philippines’ ties with China have warmed under Duterte, who has put aside territorial disputes in exchange for trade opportunities and pledged financing for infrastructure projects. 
969032931380486144	2018-03-01 02:13:49	https://t.co/MHuUvaDc7s	Japan in no position to declare 'comfort women' issue settled: South Korea's Moon https://t.co/MHuUvaDc7s	 SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean President Moon Jae-in described Japan’s wartime use of “comfort women” as a “crime against humanity” on Thursday in some of his strongest comments yet, sparking an immediate protest from his key ally in containing North Korea. Moon said during a speech marking a national holiday commemorating Korean resistance to Japanese occupation - his first since taking office last year - that Japan was in no position to declare the emotionally charged issue settled. “To resolve the comfort women issue, the Japanese Government, the perpetrator, should not say the matter is closed,” Moon said. “The issue of a crime against humanity committed in time of war cannot be closed with just a word. A genuine resolution of unfortunate history is to remember it and learn a lesson from it.” His comments drew an immediate rebuke from Tokyo. Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga described Moon’s comments as “extremely regrettable”. Suga, speaking at a regular briefing, also urged cooperation between South Korea and Japan to tackle the threat posed by North Korea. The two Koreas have pursued a thaw in relations that began ahead of last month’s Winter Olympics in South Korea, but Seoul remains a key part of the international push to increase pressure on Pyongyang to abandon its nuclear weapons and ballistic missile programs. Japan and South Korea share a bitter history that includes Japan’s 1910-45 colonization of the peninsula and the use of “comfort women”, Japan’s euphemism for women - many of them Korean - forced to work in its wartime brothels. Japan apologized to the women and provided a 1 billion yen ($9.4 million) fund to help them under a 2015 deal with Moon’s conservative predecessor, but South Korea has recently sought to revisit the issue. “These details were agreed by South Korea and Japan and we find it unacceptable and extremely regrettable,” Suga said. Moon, speaking at the site of a former jail where Korean independence fighters were imprisoned by Japanese forces, said South Korea was not looking for “special treatment” from Tokyo. However, he hoped Japan pursued “sincere self-reflection” and “squarely face the truth of history and justice with the universal conscience of humanity”. Japan also formally complained on Monday after South Korea’s foreign minister raised the issue at the top U.N. rights body, warning that it should not be allowed to harm bilateral relations at a critical time in East Asia. A South Korean panel set up to investigate the deal concluded late last year that the agreement failed to meet the needs of the thousands of girls and women forced to work in Japan’s military brothels. Over the objections of some in his conservative base, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe went on to visit South Korea during last month’s Winter Olympics, but he restated Tokyo’s opposition to revising the 2015 agreement, telling Moon the deal was a promise between nations and the basis of two-way ties. On Thursday Moon said South Korea considered Japan one of its closest neighbors and hoped to be able to move forward together. “I hope Japan will be able to genuinely reconcile with its neighbors on which it inflicted suffering and will walk the path of peaceful coexistence and prosperity together,” he said. 
969030979372376064	2018-03-01 02:06:03	https://t.co/nHOROoLd9p	'Forgetful' Myanmar witness in @Reuters reporters' case writes key detail on his hand: https://t.co/nHOROoLd9p https://t.co/oTZ9KhE1en	 YANGON (Reuters) - A witness in the case of two Reuters reporters jailed in Myanmar told a courtroom on Wednesday that he wrote notes on his hand about where the pair were arrested to jog his memory while giving testimony. The location of the arrests has emerged as a key point of contention in the proceedings to decide whether Wa Lone, 31, and Kyaw Soe Oo, 27, will be charged under the colonial-era Official Secrets Act, which carries a maximum penalty of 14 years in prison. At issue is whether they were arrested immediately after a pre-arranged meeting with police, or at a routine traffic stop. The reporters were detained on Dec. 12, after they said they were invited to dine with two police officers at a restaurant. On Wednesday, prosecution witness Kyaw Shein, a civilian neighborhood-level local official, said he was present when they were arrested at a police checkpoint, several hundred meters from the restaurant. His account of the arrest largely matched earlier testimony of police officers, who have told the court the reporters were arrested after they were stopped and searched at a checkpoint at the junction of No. 3 Main Road and Nilar Road, northern Yangon, by officers who were unaware they were journalists. The reporters have told relatives and their lawyers they were arrested almost immediately after being handed some papers at the Saung Yeik Mon restaurant by two police officers they had not met before. During cross examination, defense lawyer Than Zaw Aung asked Kyaw Shein to confirm that he had looked at his hand when asked by the prosecutor to state the place of arrest. Kyaw Shein first told the court he had written the name of one of the reporters on his hand to aid his memory. Lawyer Than Zaw Aung then reached through the wooden bars of the witness stand and turned Kyaw Shein’s left hand over. The judge also asked the witness to show him his hand. The defense lawyer then read for the record that the writing on his hand read:“Thet Oo Maung” - an alias for Wa Lone - and below it“No. 3 road and Nilar road junction”. Asked if someone had told him to write the address where police say the arrest took place, Kyaw Shein said no. He wrote on his hand because he was“forgetful”, he said. The government prosecutor, Kyaw Min Aung, declined to answer questions when approached by a Reuters reporter after the hearing on Wednesday. Government spokespeople have declined to comment on the case, citing the ongoing court proceedings. During Kyaw Shein’s testimony, the judge asked the court stenographer to record that the witness was taking a long time to respond to questions. Earlier on Wednesday, another civilian witness, Htay Htay Myint, owner of the Saung Yeik Mon, testified that she did not recognize Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo. She also said she was not aware of any dinner meeting, or of any arrest outside her restaurant that night. On cross-examination, she said she did not see the two reporters in her restaurant on Dec. 12, although she also said that from her position at the cash desk she would not have seen guests sitting at tables outside the restaurant. The two reporters had been working on a Reuters investigation into the killing of 10 Rohingya Muslim men who were buried in a mass grave in northern Rakhine state after being hacked to death or shot by ethnic Rakhine Buddhist villagers and soldiers. The military excavated the shallow grave in December, days after the reporters’ arrests, saying they had received a tip-off. Authorities are taking action against 10 members of the security forces and six villagers, according to a government spokesman. A handcuffed Wa Lone told reporters at the court that authorities would not have uncovered the killing if they had not got information from the reporters. “The role of an independent media is crucial to solve the Rakhine crisis,” Wa Lone said.“If we are not reporting about the right information, the government will not know the real situation on the ground.” Myanmar’s ambassador to the United Nations, Hau Do Suan, said this month that the journalists were not arrested for reporting a story, but were accused of“illegally possessing confidential government documents”. The judge adjourned the proceedings until March 7. 
969025330743824384	2018-03-01 01:43:37	https://t.co/QxMYCjRm3Z	Senate passes Taiwan travel bill that worried China https://t.co/QxMYCjRm3Z	 BEIJING/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - China expressed anger on Thursday after the U.S. Senate passed a bill promoting closer U.S. ties with Taiwan, but the step drew praise from the self-ruled island which pledged to deepen cooperation. The move adds to tensions between China and the United States, already at loggerheads over trade, with President Xi Jinping’s close economic advisor Liu He in Washington this week to try and avert a trade war. Several top U.S. steel and aluminum executives have been invited to the White House later on Thursday for what could be a major trade announcement, according to two people familiar with the meeting. U.S. President Donald Trump has vowed to take steps to crack down on imports of steel and aluminum and has been considering imposing hefty tariffs on imports of the metals from China and other countries. Beijing considers democratic Taiwan to be a wayward province and integral part of“one China”, ineligible for state-to-state relations, and has never renounced the use of force to bring the island under its control. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said though the bill was not legally binding and seriously violates the“one China” principle. “China is strongly dissatisfied with this and resolutely opposes it, and has already lodged stern representations with the U.S. side,” she told a daily news briefing. The“one China” principle is the foundation for China-U.S. ties, Hua added. China urges the United States to cease official exchanges with Taiwan and“prudently and appropriately handle issues related to Taiwan to avoid seriously interfering with and damaging China-U.S. relations”, she said. The Senate passed the Taiwan Travel Act by unanimous consent. It passed the House of Representatives in January, also without opposition. The legislation only needs Trump’s signature to become law. The bill says it should be U.S. policy to allow officials at all levels to travel to Taiwan to meet their Taiwanese counterparts, permit high-level Taiwanese officials to enter the United States“under respectful conditions” and meet with U.S. officials, and encourage Taiwanese economic and cultural representatives to conduct business in the United States. White House officials did not immediately respond when asked if Trump planned to sign the legislation. It would be unusual for a president to veto a measure that passed unanimously. Taiwan’s Foreign Ministry thanked the United States for the unanimous support for the bill and for the U.S. government’s increasingly friendly and open attitude toward Taiwan. “The Foreign Ministry will keep developing an even more substantive cooperative relationship with the United States, to promote both sides’ joint values and mutually-beneficial interests,” it said. Taiwan’s Presidential Office said the United States was its most important international ally, and that it would discuss the matter with the United States and further strengthen relations. The United States has no formal ties with Taiwan but is bound by law to help it defend itself and is the island’s main source of arms. China regularly says Taiwan is the most sensitive issue in its ties with Washington. China’s hostility toward Taiwan has risen since the election as president of Tsai Ing-wen from the pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) in 2016. China suspects Tsai wants to push for formal independence, a red line for Communist Party leaders in Beijing, though she has said she wants to maintain the status quo and is committed to ensuring peace. On Wednesday, two former Taiwan presidents, Lee Teng-hui and Chen Shui-bian, backed a bid for a referendum on Taiwan independence next year, though Taiwan’s government has not supported the plan. Were such a vote to happen, China could feel it has to activate its Anti-Secession Law, which allows it to use force on Taiwan if deemed necessary to prevent the island from seceding. 
969024439273783298	2018-03-01 01:40:04	https://t.co/9uPUxo9VBf	Facebook's Sandberg uses investor meeting to urge gender equality https://t.co/9uPUxo9VBf https://t.co/Mj0RMnEYVC	 SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Facebook Inc Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg brought her message about workplace gender equality to a typically male domain on Wednesday, urging attendees at an investor conference to improve mentoring of junior female colleagues. Sandberg, the No. 2 executive at the world’s largest social media network, took a break from answering questions about privacy and Facebook’s role in elections to address what she called an important moment for women given recent scandals over sexual harassment. “Go back and be loud and clear, especially if you are a male, that you are committed to mentoring women. It will make a huge difference,” Sandberg said at the Morgan Stanley 2018 Technology, Media & Telecom Conference. Sandberg, 48, published a memoir about female empowerment,“Lean In,” in 2013. It became a bestseller and ignited debate over women’s opportunities in the professional world. It was not immediately clear how the audience reacted. Morgan Stanley barred media from the conference, although it allowed Facebook to broadcast audio on an investor website. Sandberg, near the close of her appearance, said she wanted to use the remaining time to address a topic no one had asked about.“Investors, you guys have a lot of power,” she said. She cited survey research that said nearly half of male managers feared meetings with junior female colleagues, even as they accepted meetings with male colleagues. The result is unequal, she said. If managers“don’t feel comfortable having dinner with women, then they shouldn’t have dinner with men,” Sandberg said. 
969021982300925953	2018-03-01 01:30:18	https://t.co/KqhYRDxcFp	Spotify files for direct listing on New York Stock Exchange https://t.co/KqhYRDxcFp https://t.co/REl0GDV8h7	 (In Feb. 28 story, corrects to“$22.6 billion” from“$22.5 billion” and to“177 million” from“178 billion” in paragraph 28) By Stephen Nellis and Nivedita Bhattacharjee (Reuters) - Music streaming service Spotify on Wednesday filed for a direct listing of its shares, laying out financial data for the first time that cheered some analysts but led others to question how it could turn a profit from its growing subscriber base. Spotify, which wants to trade as SPOT on the New York Stock Exchange, is taking an unusual path to the U.S. public markets, with a direct listing that will let investors and employees sell shares without the company raising new capital or hiring a Wall Street bank or broker to underwrite the offering. Because the company will not issue any new shares, it did not specify a listing price. Based on private transactions, it is valued at roughly $19 billion, according to Reuters calculations. Spotify, launched in 2008 and available in more than 60 countries, is the biggest music streaming company in the world and counts services from Apple Inc (AAPL.O), Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) and Alphabet Inc’s< GOOGL.O> Google as its main rivals. In the filing, Spotify laid out detailed financial data for the first time, showing rising revenue and relatively steady operating costs, which analysts took as a positive. Revenue rose 39 percent to 4.09 billion euros ($4.99 billion) in 2017, from 2.95 billion euros a year earlier. Its operating loss widened to 378 million euros in 2017 from 349 million euros. Its net loss ballooned 129 percent in 2017, driven mostly by financing costs related to a 2016 deal in which Sweden-based Spotify raised $1 billion in debt that would convert to shares upon an initial public offering. “The revenue continues to grow but in particular their costs are growing slower than revenue, which is exactly what you expect in a business like this,” said Jay Ritter, an expert in initial public offerings and professor at the University of Florida. Spotify compared its aspirations to the reach of Facebook (FB.O) and YouTube.“We believe the universality of music gives us the opportunity to reach many of the over 3.6 billion internet users globally,” it said. With 71 million premium subscribers globally, Spotify has about twice as many paying customers as music streaming runner up Apple, with 36 million. Including those who listen to advertising-supported streams, Spotify has about 159 million monthly average users. Amazon Music Unlimited has 16 million paying subscribers, and Pandora Media Inc (P.N) has 5.48 million total subscribers. Google has not said how many subscribers it has to Google Play, its music streaming service. Spotify’s premium subscription costs $9.99 a month, but it said it saw great potential in its ad-supported service, which Apple does not offer. “With our ad-supported service, we believe there is a large opportunity to grow users and gain market share from traditional terrestrial radio,” Spotify said. The net proportion of subscribers who left Spotify’s paid-for service, or churn, fell to 5.1 percent of paying customers at the end of 2017, from 6.9 percent at the start of 2016, the company said. “This has been a question we’ve been wondering for a long time: how sustainable is Spotify’s model? This is the very first time we’re seeing public disclosure about churn, and the news there is really good,” said Larry Miller, head of the music business program at New York University’s Steinhardt School. Spotify calculated that customers brought in 3.6 times more revenue over their life as a user than the company spent on marketing to attract them, as of the end of 2017, helping boost free cash flow to 109 million euros by the end of last year. Still, in going head to head against Apple, Amazon and others, Spotify is“competing against companies that never need to make a dime on music as a standalone business and that in fact use it to drive other aspects of their business,” Miller said. Apple and Alphabet also control the two main operating systems used by smartphones, iOS and Android. They and Amazon are all developing computer assistants, such as Amazon’s Alexa and Apple’s Siri, that could give the bigger companies advantages. “Many of our competitors enjoy competitive advantages such as greater name recognition, legacy operating histories, and larger marketing budgets, as well as greater financial, technical, human, and other resources,” Spotify said in its filing. Apple has launched massive marketing campaigns around its service and added subscribers rapidly in the last three years.“I don’t think there’s any doubt that the pace of competition this year has quickened,” Miller said. Spotify has a powerful ally, in the music arm of China’s Tencent Holdings Ltd (0700.HK). The companies in December said they would buy minority stakes in each other, helping increase exposure to each other’s core markets. A direct listing does not dilute ownership, as would happen with a conventional initial public offering, and saves hundreds of millions of dollars in underwriting fees. But it also frees existing owners from any lockup period restricting them from selling their shares following the listing. Underwriters that provide price stability for new listings are not used in a direct listing, which could mean a volatile start for Spotify shares in public. Shares trade privately in a wide band. Spotify is valued between $16.8 billion and $22.6 billion, based on recent ordinary share prices between $95 and $127.50 in the private markets in February and 177 million shares estimated outstanding by the end of February, according to its filing. Synovus Trust portfolio manager Dan Morgan described Spotify as“interesting,” but questioned how quickly it might become profitable. “How can Spotify monetize its user base beyond a $5-$15 monthly subscription fee?,” Morgan asked. 
969015331145515008	2018-03-01 01:03:53	https://t.co/tHOuEiFmPh	Haiti, U.N. clash over probe into alleged misuse of Petrocaribe funds https://t.co/tHOuEiFmPh	 PORT-AU-PRINCE (Reuters) - A diplomatic row has erupted between the Haitian government and the United Nations over comments made by a senior U.N. official cheering an investigation into the alleged misuse of Venezuela-sponsored Petrocaribe funds by previous administrations. Haiti recalled its ambassador to the U.N. on Tuesday, and summoned Susan D. Page, the special representative and head of the United Nations Mission for Justice Support in Haiti (MINUJUSTH), to explain comments she reportedly made applauding a criminal probe into the alleged siphoning of Petrocaribe money. Haiti’s foreign minister, Antonio Rodrigue, said in a statement on Tuesday that Page had exceeded her authority and that her comments reflect an“attitude harmful to the political and institutional stability acquired during the past few years.” The case is the latest example of governments across the Americas - including Guatemala and Honduras - chafing at criticisms by U.N. bodies, which have highlighted lackluster efforts to tackle corruption, human rights abuses or impunity. Haiti has a long tradition of corruption, and international partners and anti-graft watchdogs have often blamed Haitian politicians for failing to crack down on the scourge. Last weekend, local media reported that Page said the U.N.’s Haitian justice mission welcomed the assignment of judges to probe possible acts of corruption with Petrocaribe funds during the administrations of former presidents Rene Preval and Michel Martelly, between 2008 and 2016. Current President Jovenel Moise, who is from the same party as Martelly, has faced criticism for not pursuing corruption as actively as he had vowed to. Page was quoted as saying she saluted“the initiative and active role of Haitian citizens and civil society engaged in the fight against corruption and impunity. Their actions demonstrate that the population defends accountability and justice.” Reuters was unable to reach Page. Venezuela’s Petrocaribe scheme, launched in 2005, has furnished about 12 Caribbean states with oil supplies under a flexible credit mechanism, obliging them to pay cash for part of every shipment and finance the rest at low interest rates, or buy it with goods like food and clothing. A collapse in oil prices, however, has caused a recession in Venezuela, and stalled many of the Petrocaribe shipments. 
969015330961010688	2018-03-01 01:03:52	https://t.co/Wb1quQ7Whq	Wife of ex-president of Honduras arrested on graft charges: officials https://t.co/Wb1quQ7Whq	 TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - Police arrested the wife of former Honduran President Porfirio Lobo on Wednesday on corruption charges including siphoning funds from social works programs for the poor, officials said. Rosa Elena Bonilla was detained at her residence on the outskirts of the capital Tegucigalpa, officials said. Police also arrested her brother-in-law and seized documents pertaining to graft accusations. Ana Maria Calderon, interim head of the Organization of American States’ (OAS) Mission to Support the Fight against Corruption and Impunity in Honduras (MACCIH) said Bonilla and others had embezzled 16 million lempiras ($680,000). “Mrs. Bonilla is accused, along with other former officials, ... [of] having created a money laundering network to hide money from the state that was earmarked for social works,” Calderon said. Late last year, Bonilla denied the corruption allegations after voluntarily testifying before prosecutors in the case. Her lawyer did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Wednesday. Calderon said Bonilla used part of the money to pay for family members’ educational fees and personal surgeries. Corruption scandals have led to a string of arrests in Central America in recent years, thanks to growing pressure from activists and backing from foreign powers. Bonilla was detained a day after U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley visited Honduras to talk about drug trafficking and corruption. Among the funds suspected of being embezzled were about $255,000 donated by Taiwan in 2013 for medical equipment, building materials for poor families and job programs, officials said. Bonilla is also being investigated by prosecutors for suspected anomalies in $330,000 that was designated for the purchase of shoes and uniforms for poor children, officials said. Earlier this month, the head of an anti-corruption commission backed by the Organization of American States resigned, citing a lack of support from authorities. Lobo was elected in late 2009 after a military coup ousted then-President Manuel Zelaya, and he served until 2014. The couple’s son, Fabio Lobo, was sentenced to 24 years in prison by a U.S. court last year after pleading guilty to charges of conspiring to import cocaine into the United States. 
969009344569380867	2018-03-01 00:40:05	https://t.co/uvg17JxOaI	Facebook says finds no new evidence Russia interfered in Brexit referendum https://t.co/uvg17JxOaI https://t.co/s1NG7DidXy	 (Reuters) - Facebook Inc has told a British parliamentary committee that further investigations have found no new evidence that Russia used social media to interfere in the June 2016 referendum in which Britain voted to leave the European Union. Facebook UK policy director Simon Milner in a letter on Wednesday told the House of Commons Committee on Digital, Culture Media and Sport that the latest investigation the company undertook in mid-January to try to“identify clusters of coordinated Russian activity around the Brexit referendum that were not identified previously” had been unproductive. Using the same methodology that Facebook used to identify U.S. election-related social media activity conducted by a Russian propaganda outfit called the Internet Research Agency, Milner said the social network had reviewed both Facebook accounts and“the activity of many thousands of advertisers in the campaign period” leading up to the June 23, 2016 referendum. He said they had“found no additional coordinated Russian-linked accounts or Pages delivering ads to the UK regarding the EU Referendum during the relevant period, beyond the minimal activity we previously disclosed.” At a hearing on social media political activity that the parliamentary committee held in Washington earlier in February, Milner had promised the panel it would disclose more results of its latest investigation by the end of February. At the same hearing, Juniper Downs, YouTube’s global head of public policy, said that her company had“conducted a thorough investigation around the Brexit referendum and found no evidence of Russian interference.” In his letter to the committee, Facebook’s Milner acknowledged that the minimal results in the company’s Brexit review contrasted with the results of Facebook inquiries into alleged Russian interference in U.S. politics. The company’s US investigation results, Milner said,“comport with the recent indictments” Justice Department special counsel Robert Mueller issued against Russian individuals and entities. Following its Washington hearing, committee chairman Damian Collins MP said his committee expected to finish a report on its inquiry into Social Media and Fake News in late March and that the report is likely to include recommendations for new British laws or regulations regarding social media content. These could include measures to clarify the companies’ legal liability for material they distribute and their obligations to address social problems the companies content could engender, he said. 
969006896219869186	2018-03-01 00:30:21	https://t.co/mel2p7ONYg	Dick's Sporting Goods bans some gun sales, urges Congress to act https://t.co/mel2p7ONYg https://t.co/TKVxGtNgiC	 WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Walmart Inc (WMT.N), the largest U.S. retailer, joined Dick’s Sporting Goods Inc (DKS.N) in raising the minimum age to purchase firearms to 21 after the massacre at a Florida high school that has reopened a fierce debate over gun control in America. Walmart said that“in light of recent events” it was raising the age for purchasers of firearms and ammunition to 21 from 18. The retailer is also was removing items from its website that resemble assault rifles, including non-lethal airsoft guns and toys. Walmart stopped selling assault firearms and accessories in 2015 and only sells handguns in Alaska. Dick’s, a U.S. retailer of camping supplies, sporting goods and guns, will stop selling assault rifles and high-capacity magazines. It will not sell any guns to people under age 21, Dick’s chief executive, Ed Stack, said in an open letter on the company’s website. The announcements came the same day that classes resumed at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, where 17 people, mostly students, were killed two weeks ago in one of the deadliest U.S. mass shootings. The accused gunman, 19-year-old Nikolas Cruz, legally purchased a weapon at Dick’s in November, although not the type used in the shooting, Stack said. Cruz, a former student at Stoneman Douglas, is accused of using an AR-15 assault-style weapon to carry out the killing. The massacre spurred a youth-led wave of protests, and state and national officials are considering whether to pass stricter gun control measures. The powerful National Rifle Association traditionally opposes such curbs, citing the right to bear arms under the U.S. Constitution’s Second Amendment. Dick’s removed assault-style weapons from its Dick’s-branded stores after the 2012 shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut that killed 20 first graders and six adults, but continued selling them through another retail brand. Wednesday’s move takes them out of its 35 Field & Stream outlets as well, Stack said, adding the measure would be permanent. Some analysts said the 2012 decision did not hurt the retailer’s sales, likely giving company executives confidence to make Wednesday’s move. Stack said he knew the company’s decision would upset some customers, but he cited the passionate response by the students and families in Parkland. “We have heard you,” he said. Stack said in his letter that Dick’s respects the Second Amendment and law-abiding gun owners but was obliged to address a national gun epidemic that is killing too many children. After the Parkland shooting, it was clear there were not enough systemic protections to prevent gun sales to people who are potential threats, Stack said, adding that Congress should tighten background checks to include relevant mental health information. Dick’s, based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, operates about 715 Dick’s-branded stores across the United States. It was the latest company to take action after the Florida shooting. Other businesses have cut ties with the NRA and gun manufacturers. Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O), the world’s largest online retailer, has long prohibited the sale of firearms and explosives on its websites, as well as ammunition and gun accessories in most cases. It declined comment on the issue on Wednesday. EBay (EBAY.O) said its policy prohibits the sale of firearms and high-capacity magazines of more than 10 rounds. Since the Florida shooting, gun-control supporters have called on Amazon as well as Roku, Apple Inc (AAPL.O) and others to drop the National Rifle Association’s programming from their streaming services. Outdoor goods retailer Bass Pro Shops, which acquired Cabelas Inc last year and sells guns under both retail brands, did not respond to requests for comment. Package delivery company FedEx Corp (FDX.N) declined to comment on whether it would change its firearms shipping policy after the Florida shooting, while rival United Parcel Service Inc (UPS.N) said it was not changing its policies. 
968994558968238081	2018-02-28 23:41:20	https://t.co/oLNKN0BW5Z	Senators will try to pull U.S. from Yemen war https://t.co/oLNKN0BW5Z	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. lawmakers unveiled plans on Wednesday to use a decades-old law to force a Senate vote on whether to pull the country out of a foreign conflict, in this case the civil war in Yemen. Republican Senator Mike Lee, independent Bernie Sanders and Democrat Chris Murphy said they would make the first attempt to take advantage of a provision in the 1973 War Powers Act that allows any senator to introduce a resolution on whether to withdraw U.S. armed forces from a conflict not authorized by Congress. Their action was the latest salvo in an ongoing battle between the U.S. Congress and the White House over control of military conflicts. “We believe that, as Congress has not declared war or authorized military force, this conflict (in Yemen) is unconstitutional and unauthorized,” Sanders told a news conference. Lawmakers have argued for years that Congress has ceded too much authority over the military to the White House. Under the Constitution, Congress — not the president — has the authority to declare war. But divisions over how much control they should exert over the Pentagon have stymied efforts to pass new war authorizations. Democratic and Republican presidents have said a 2001 authorization for the fight against al Qaeda and its affiliates justifies the Afghanistan war and the fight against Islamic State in Syria. But Senate aides said that authorization did not apply in Yemen. It was not immediately clear how the resolution would move forward without support from the Republican leadership. Spokesmen for Majority Leader Mitch McConnell did not immediately respond to a request for comment. A Saudi-led coalition supported by the United States has been fighting the Iran-aligned Houthi movement in Yemen since 2015 to try to restore president Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi to power. The war’s heavy toll on civilians has long been a sore point with the U.S. Congress, triggering threats to block assistance to the Saudi-led coalition. U.S. forces are backing the coalition by refueling its aircraft and providing some intelligence support. U.S. officials have declined to say precisely how many U.S. forces are on the ground in Yemen, citing security concerns. The war has killed more than 10,000 people, displaced more than 2 million and driven Yemen — already the poorest country on the Arabian Peninsula — to the verge of widespread famine. 
968994247268536320	2018-02-28 23:40:06	https://t.co/EFXhPH9QsP	Germany says its government computers secure after 'isolated' hack https://t.co/EFXhPH9QsP https://t.co/YexQGKGZZ0	 BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany said on Wednesday hackers had breached its government computer network with an isolated attack that had been brought under control and which security officials were investigating. A spokesman for the German Interior Ministry said the affected government agencies had taken appropriate measures to investigate the incident and protect data. “The attack was isolated and brought under control within the federal administration,” which oversees government computer networks, he said in a statement, adding that the authorities were addressing the incident“with high priority and significant resources”. The spokesman said he could give no further details immediately due to security and analysis measures that were still under way. He did not comment on German media reports that the attack was launched by Russian hacker group APT28, which had already attacked the German parliament in 2015. The reports said the group managed to steal data from the Foreign and Defence Ministries in the latest attack. The ministry did not say when the attack took place. German media reported it happened in December. German security sources said authorities had been aware of the incident for some time, but the Defence Ministry and the German military were not affected. Jens Zimmermann, the Social Democrats’ (SPD) spokesman for digital issues, said the German parliament’s Digital Agenda committee had agreed unanimously to hold an extraordinary meeting, likely to be on Thursday. “The federal government must inform parliament comprehensively,” he tweeted. German Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen declined to comment about the reports during an appearance in London. News of the attack on German government computers comes after repeated warnings by German intelligence officials about possible meddling by Russia in last year’s federal election. The head of the German domestic intelligence agency last year said such attacks had not occurred, but the risk of interference remained until a new government is in place. Germany’s Social Democrats are voting by postal ballot on an agreement to form another“grand coalition” with Chancellor Angela Merkel’s conservatives, with the results to be made public on Sunday. If they reject the tie-up, Germany could face new elections or the formation of a minority government for the first time in its post-war history. Western governments and security experts have linked the hacking group known as APT28 or Fancy Bear to a Russian spy agency, and have blamed it for operations including an attack on the Democratic National Committee ahead of the 2016 U.S. elections and the German lower house of parliament in 2015. German officials have blamed APT28 for the May 2015 hack of the German lower house of parliament, the Bundestag, and other cyber attacks aimed at political groups, Merkel and other individuals, or institutions. Moscow has previously denied in any way having been involved in cyber attacks on the German political establishment. Top German intelligence officials have urged lawmakers to give them greater legal authority to“hack back” in the event of cyber attacks from foreign powers. 
968991765964447744	2018-02-28 23:30:14	https://t.co/rbRnnI5S2z	Google's shopping rivals call for action from EU antitrust watchdog https://t.co/rbRnnI5S2z https://t.co/CwbTn7yhmJ	 BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Google competitors have called for further action by European Union antitrust regulators to ensure the Alphabet-owned (GOOGL.O) firm treats rivals offering shopping services equally. Last year, Google said it would allow competitors to bid for ads at the top of a search page, giving them the chance to compete on equal terms, after the European Commission fined it a record 2.4 billion euros ($2.9 billion). “Google’s remedy proposal is, on its face, non-compliant with the prohibition decision,” a group of 19 rivals said in a letter to European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager. Google said it was complying with the EU order. British price comparison site Foundem, whose complaint triggered the EU investigation, France’s Twenga and rivals in travel search, digital mapping and publishing were among the signatories to the letter to Vestager. “Google’s current remedy proposal is no better than Google’s Commitment proposals under Commissioner Almunia, and in some ways may be worse,” the group said, referring to Vestager’s predecessor who tried to get Google to settle without a fine. The EU competition authority said it was aware of the concerns and has sought feedback from both rivals and Google. “The letter raises several arguments that the Commission has already been looking at as part of its ongoing assessment of Google’s measures,” an authority spokesman said on Wednesday. Google spokesman Al Verney said the U.S. company was giving competitors a fair chance. “As required, comparison shopping services have the same opportunity as Google Shopping to show shopping ads from merchants on Google’s search results pages,” Verney said. Google could be fined up to 5 percent of its average daily worldwide turnover if it fails to comply with the EU order. EU regulators hit Microsoft with an 899 million euro ($1.1 billion)penalty in 2008 for not complying with a 2004 ruling and another 561 million euro fine in 2013 for not complying with a 2009 decision. 
968985428371148800	2018-02-28 23:05:03	https://t.co/0Cg8l3y3zM	'Forgetful' Myanmar witness in @Reuters reporters' case writes key detail on his hand: https://t.co/0Cg8l3y3zM https://t.co/nIe1cRZN79	 YANGON (Reuters) - A witness in the case of two Reuters reporters jailed in Myanmar told a courtroom on Wednesday that he wrote notes on his hand about where the pair were arrested to jog his memory while giving testimony. The location of the arrests has emerged as a key point of contention in the proceedings to decide whether Wa Lone, 31, and Kyaw Soe Oo, 27, will be charged under the colonial-era Official Secrets Act, which carries a maximum penalty of 14 years in prison. At issue is whether they were arrested immediately after a pre-arranged meeting with police, or at a routine traffic stop. The reporters were detained on Dec. 12, after they said they were invited to dine with two police officers at a restaurant. On Wednesday, prosecution witness Kyaw Shein, a civilian neighborhood-level local official, said he was present when they were arrested at a police checkpoint, several hundred meters from the restaurant. His account of the arrest largely matched earlier testimony of police officers, who have told the court the reporters were arrested after they were stopped and searched at a checkpoint at the junction of No. 3 Main Road and Nilar Road, northern Yangon, by officers who were unaware they were journalists. The reporters have told relatives and their lawyers they were arrested almost immediately after being handed some papers at the Saung Yeik Mon restaurant by two police officers they had not met before. During cross examination, defense lawyer Than Zaw Aung asked Kyaw Shein to confirm that he had looked at his hand when asked by the prosecutor to state the place of arrest. Kyaw Shein first told the court he had written the name of one of the reporters on his hand to aid his memory. Lawyer Than Zaw Aung then reached through the wooden bars of the witness stand and turned Kyaw Shein’s left hand over. The judge also asked the witness to show him his hand. The defense lawyer then read for the record that the writing on his hand read:“Thet Oo Maung” - an alias for Wa Lone - and below it“No. 3 road and Nilar road junction”. Asked if someone had told him to write the address where police say the arrest took place, Kyaw Shein said no. He wrote on his hand because he was“forgetful”, he said. The government prosecutor, Kyaw Min Aung, declined to answer questions when approached by a Reuters reporter after the hearing on Wednesday. Government spokespeople have declined to comment on the case, citing the ongoing court proceedings. During Kyaw Shein’s testimony, the judge asked the court stenographer to record that the witness was taking a long time to respond to questions. Earlier on Wednesday, another civilian witness, Htay Htay Myint, owner of the Saung Yeik Mon, testified that she did not recognize Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo. She also said she was not aware of any dinner meeting, or of any arrest outside her restaurant that night. On cross-examination, she said she did not see the two reporters in her restaurant on Dec. 12, although she also said that from her position at the cash desk she would not have seen guests sitting at tables outside the restaurant. The two reporters had been working on a Reuters investigation into the killing of 10 Rohingya Muslim men who were buried in a mass grave in northern Rakhine state after being hacked to death or shot by ethnic Rakhine Buddhist villagers and soldiers. The military excavated the shallow grave in December, days after the reporters’ arrests, saying they had received a tip-off. Authorities are taking action against 10 members of the security forces and six villagers, according to a government spokesman. A handcuffed Wa Lone told reporters at the court that authorities would not have uncovered the killing if they had not got information from the reporters. “The role of an independent media is crucial to solve the Rakhine crisis,” Wa Lone said.“If we are not reporting about the right information, the government will not know the real situation on the ground.” Myanmar’s ambassador to the United Nations, Hau Do Suan, said this month that the journalists were not arrested for reporting a story, but were accused of“illegally possessing confidential government documents”. The judge adjourned the proceedings until March 7. 
968979145857347585	2018-02-28 22:40:05	https://t.co/N0FzwSs6sV	PSG's Neymar to undergo surgery in Brazil - club https://t.co/N0FzwSs6sV https://t.co/T5R3fYUCKA	 PARIS (Reuters) - Paris St Germain forward Neymar will undergo surgery in Brazil this week after he suffered a fractured metatarsal and a sprained ankle, the French club said on Wednesday. “After tests, and with the player’s agreement, it has been decided that surgery is the best option,” PSG said in a statement.“Neymar Jr will be operated on in Brazil at the end of the week.” The operation will be performed by the Brazil national team doctor and means the 26-year-old will miss next week’s Champions League match against Real Madrid. PSG trail Real 3-1 ahead of the last 16 second-leg game in Paris on March 6. Neymar’s father predicted the injury would keep his son out for between six to eight weeks, meaning he would return to action in plenty time for the World Cup finals in Russia. The five-times World Cup winners kick off their campaign against Switzerland on June 17 and then face Costa Rica and Serbia. Neymar missed PSG’s 3-0 win over Olympique Marseille in the French Cup on Wednesday night but he later posted a message on Instagram: “Obstacles should not impede you,” he wrote alongside a picture taken moments after he was injured.“If you come up against a wall don’t give up. Find a way to climb it.” Neymar, who became the world’s most expensive player last August when PSG paid 222 million euros ($271 million) to sign him from Barcelona, has scored 28 goals and provided 16 assists for the Ligue 1 leaders this season. In addition to missing PSG’s seasons-defining match against Real, Neymar will also sit out Brazil’s friendlies against Russia and Germany in March. ($1 = 0.8200 euros) 
968978453751128064	2018-02-28 22:37:20	https://t.co/DIPlQWhI5H	Venezuela presidential hopeful wants Wall Street economist on team https://t.co/DIPlQWhI5H	 CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuelan presidential candidate Henri Falcon said on Wednesday he would like a Wall Street economist, who sees dollarization as the solution for hyper-inflation in Venezuela, to play a big role on his team if he wins the upcoming election. Falcon said Francisco Rodriguez, a Venezuelan who is chief economist at Torino Capital and advising him informally, would be the ideal leader of his economic team should he defeat socialist President Nicolas Maduro. “What is the cancer of Venezuela, apart from the government? The economy. So the economy is for specialists,” he told Reuters during an interview at his new offices in Caracas. “Francisco is a man with many qualifications, but he is also a politician recognized internally and abroad ... We need to build a really good team led by a great economist, that’s Francisco Rodriguez.” Rodriguez, one of the most influential analysts of Venezuela’s dysfunctional economy, has recently been suggesting the bolivar currency should be scrapped for the U.S. dollar as an extreme measure to fix runaway inflation by stopping the government from printing excess money. Rodriguez also believes Venezuela - in the fifth year of crippling recession that has left millions hungry and created widespread shortages - would receive major help from international loan bodies like the World Bank and International Monetary Fund under a new government. Speaking to Reuters earlier on Wednesday on the sidelines of a Caracas forum, Rodriguez confirmed he was giving informal advice to Falcon.“I’m a friend, I respect him,” he said. He told the forum Falcon would make an excellent president.“This country cannot survive six more years of Nicolas Maduro, this country doesn’t deserve that,” he added. Falcon, a former state governor who has broken with an opposition boycott to run against Maduro, said he would prioritize repairing relations with Washington should he win the vote slated for April 22. While most analysts give him little chance, some recent polls actually put him ahead of Maduro in voter preferences. “The United States would have a potential ally in a new Venezuelan government,” said Falcon, who defines himself as a center-leftist in favor of both market-friendly policies and strong welfare protection programs. Falcon implied he disagreed with possible U.S. oil sanctions against OPEC member Venezuela, saying he opposed any measures that“end up hurting the poor.” U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration has already slapped some individual sanctions on officials it deems guilty of rights abuses or eroding democracy in Venezuela, and has also imposed measures to block new financing for the government. It is pondering measures against the oil sector if Maduro does not improve conditions for the election, which critics say has been rigged to legitimize“dictatorship.” Falcon, a 56-year-old former military man who supported the ruling socialists until a 2010 split, has drawn the wrath of Venezuela’s opposition coalition by throwing his hat into the ring and undercutting their boycott policy. “Abstention is no use,” he said, pointing to past boycotts that had given the socialists big uncontested wins and arguing that 80 percent of Venezuelans wanted change. “In world history, at least for the last two centuries, no government has won an election at a time of hyper-inflation,” he added, citing the price of a box of eggs equivalent to nearly two-thirds of the minimum monthly wage. Prices in Venezuela rose more than 4,000 percent in the 12 months to the end of January, according to estimates by the country’s opposition-led National Assembly, broadly in line with independent economists’ figures. Falcon is demanding improved election conditions, including a later vote date, U.N. observers, an end to“harassment” of Maduro opponents, and the removal of government handout booths known as“red spots” to curry favor with voters often set up near polling centers. Without guarantees, he may withdraw his candidacy. Falcon said he would like veteran Venezuelan politician Eduardo Fernandez, a former presidential candidate for opposition party COPEI, to be his foreign minister. He would not be drawn on specific economic policy ideas, beyond saying he wanted to prioritize tackling inflation and supported a unified currency exchange system instead of the current mix of government and black market rates. 
968976690612498432	2018-02-28 22:30:20	https://t.co/YVNiWzOamh	Salesforce profit beats on strong cloud business https://t.co/YVNiWzOamh https://t.co/Au8u9gjvzP	 (Reuters) - Salesforce.com Inc (CRM.N) posted a quarterly profit that topped Wall Street targets on Wednesday fueled by growth in its cloud-based sales and marketing software. Shares of the company, which have risen nearly 14 percent this year, were up slightly at $117 in extended trading. The San Francisco-based company has benefited from the growing trend among companies switching to cloud-based services due to lower costs and high level of scalability. Revenue from Sales Cloud, its flagship product which allows companies to store data, monitor progress and simplify business processes, rose nearly 16 percent to $931.8 million. Sales Cloud is the largest contributor to the company’s subscription and support revenue. Salesforce Chief Operating Officer Keith Block told Reuters that growth was“driven by accelerating demand and execution across every industry that we’re in.” Subscription and support revenue, which accounts for more than half of the total revenue, rose nearly 26 percent to $2.66 billion, beating the average analyst estimate of $2.59 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Salesforce forecast first-quarter adjusted profit of 43 cents to 44 cents per share and revenue of $2.93 billion to $2.94 billion. Analysts on average were expecting a profit of 37 cents per share on revenue of $2.9 billion for the first quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The company’s outlook for the year ahead reflects a bump courtesy of the new U.S. tax laws, Salesforce Chief Financial officer Mark Hawkins told Reuters.“That definitely is a favorable effect with that rate change,” he said. Salesforce’s deferred revenue, which is used by subscription-based software businesses to measure future business, rose 28 percent year-over-year to $7.09 billion, beating analysts’ average expectations of $6.7 billion, according to financial and data analytics firm FactSet. The company reported a net income of about $67.6 million, or 9 cents per share, in the fourth quarter ended Jan. 31, compared with a loss of $51.4 million, or 7 cents per share, a year earlier. Total revenue rose 24.3 percent to $2.85 billion. Analysts on average were expecting a profit of 33 cents per share and revenue of $2.81 billion. Salesforce holds more than 18 percent of the global customer relationship management software market, followed by Oracle with 9.4 percent, according to 2016 figures provided by research firm IDC. The company can still grow by taking business from competitors and it is operating in an expanding market, said Joe Tenebruso, analyst with the Motley Fool. “Salesforce is iterating faster than their competitors, and they’re continuing to take share,” Tenebruso said.“They’re able to integrate the latest tech offerings, such as artificial intelligence, without the need of their customers to purchase new hardware, which is a powerful advantage.” Excluding items, the company earned 35 cents per share. 
968973764804440065	2018-02-28 22:18:42	https://t.co/1uHQ717dWs	Saudi crown prince's visit to U.S. to include several cities: source https://t.co/1uHQ717dWs	 RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman is expected to travel to the United States for a visit from March 19 to the first week of April, a Saudi official said on Wednesday. A Saudi government source said earlier the prince was expected to visit Washington, New York and Boston, adding that the details of the trip had yet to be finalized. The Saudi official said other stops would include Houston and San Francisco. Prince Mohammed was named heir to the throne last summer, pushing aside his older cousin Mohammed bin Nayef. Prince Mohammed will also begin a visit to Britain on March 7, which will include talks with Prime Minister Theresa May on topics such as extremism and societal reform. 
968969285069627393	2018-02-28 22:00:54	https://t.co/4Rd7yEu4Nb	Venezuela presidential hopeful Falcon wants Wall Street economist on team https://t.co/4Rd7yEu4Nb	 CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuelan presidential candidate Henri Falcon said on Wednesday he would like a Wall Street economist, who sees dollarization as the solution for hyper-inflation in Venezuela, to play a big role on his team if he wins the upcoming election. Falcon said Francisco Rodriguez, a Venezuelan who is chief economist at Torino Capital and advising him informally, would be the ideal leader of his economic team should he defeat socialist President Nicolas Maduro. “What is the cancer of Venezuela, apart from the government? The economy. So the economy is for specialists,” he told Reuters during an interview at his new offices in Caracas. “Francisco is a man with many qualifications, but he is also a politician recognized internally and abroad ... We need to build a really good team led by a great economist, that’s Francisco Rodriguez.” Rodriguez, one of the most influential analysts of Venezuela’s dysfunctional economy, has recently been suggesting the bolivar currency should be scrapped for the U.S. dollar as an extreme measure to fix runaway inflation by stopping the government from printing excess money. Rodriguez also believes Venezuela - in the fifth year of crippling recession that has left millions hungry and created widespread shortages - would receive major help from international loan bodies like the World Bank and International Monetary Fund under a new government. Speaking to Reuters earlier on Wednesday on the sidelines of a Caracas forum, Rodriguez confirmed he was giving informal advice to Falcon. “I‘m a friend, I respect him,” he said. He told the forum Falcon would make an excellent president. “This country cannot survive six more years of Nicolas Maduro, this country doesn’t deserve that,” he added. Falcon, a former state governor who has broken with an opposition boycott to run against Maduro, said he would prioritize repairing relations with Washington should he win the vote slated for April 22. While most analysts give him little chance, some recent polls actually put him ahead of Maduro in voter preferences. “The United States would have a potential ally in a new Venezuelan government,” said Falcon, who defines himself as a center-leftist in favor of both market-friendly policies and strong welfare protection programs. Falcon implied he disagreed with possible U.S. oil sanctions against OPEC member Venezuela, saying he opposed any measures that “end up hurting the poor.” U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration has already slapped some individual sanctions on officials it deems guilty of rights abuses or eroding democracy in Venezuela, and has also imposed measures to block new financing for the government. It is pondering measures against the oil sector if Maduro does not improve conditions for the election, which critics say has been rigged to legitimize “dictatorship.” Falcon, a 56-year-old former military man who supported the ruling socialists until a 2010 split, has drawn the wrath of Venezuela’s opposition coalition by throwing his hat into the ring and undercutting their boycott policy. “Abstention is no use,” he said, pointing to past boycotts that had given the socialists big uncontested wins and arguing that 80 percent of Venezuelans wanted change. “In world history, at least for the last two centuries, no government has won an election at a time of hyper-inflation,” he added, citing the price of a box of eggs equivalent to nearly two-thirds of the minimum monthly wage. Prices in Venezuela rose more than 4,000 percent in the 12 months to the end of January, according to estimates by the country’s opposition-led National Assembly, broadly in line with independent economists’ figures. Falcon is demanding improved election conditions, including a later vote date, U.N. observers, an end to “harassment” of Maduro opponents, and the removal of government handout booths known as “red spots” to curry favor with voters often set up near polling centers. Without guarantees, he may withdraw his candidacy. Falcon said he would like veteran Venezuelan politician Eduardo Fernandez, a former presidential candidate for opposition party COPEI, to be his foreign minister. He would not be drawn on specific economic policy ideas, beyond saying he wanted to prioritize tackling inflation and supported a unified currency exchange system instead of the current mix of government and black market rates. 
968965062034587648	2018-02-28 21:44:07	https://t.co/KB79nu5T70	Google launches Slack competitor Hangouts Chat https://t.co/KB79nu5T70 https://t.co/1Eo7L0uBC9	 SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Google released an update to its internet chat tool Hangouts on Wednesday, aiming to make it suitable in workplaces so the Alphabet Inc unit can compete with business software makers including Microsoft Corp and Slack Technologies Inc. Hangouts Chat supports instant messaging across devices between workers, including group conversations. It also allows users to integrate widgets to access data from other corporate software in a chat window. Google announced the service last March, but told Reuters it would be available to all customers for the first time on Wednesday. Hangouts Chat sits in Google’s G Suite, a workplace software package that includes email and word-processing tools, for which more than 4 million businesses globally pay as much as $25 per user each month. [L1N1OB23X] Hangouts launched as a free service in 2013. But Google began tuning it for businesses when the company expanded enterprise sales efforts and sought to bring customers many of the same features it has internally. “I see this as the second incantation of Hangouts,” Scott Johnston, director of product management at Google, said in an interview.“We want to move toward helping people move faster at work.” But businesses have other options. Chat app Slack has signed up 50,000 paying teams as workers adopt more robust alternatives to email for long-distance communications. Microsoft’s Teams provides similar functionality in its Office 365 package, which is well ahead of G Suite in customers. Microsoft held about 37 percent, and Slack about 5 percent, of the nearly $2 billion global market for collaboration software in 2016, according to research firm IDC. Google is keeping a free version of Hangouts as it does for Gmail and Docs. The paid version of Hangouts supports group conversations with up to 8,000 participants. Messages save indefinitely by default, though granular controls are available. Companies can link their databases with Hangouts Chat. For instance, teams at Google have integrated their bug-tracking, employee directory and IT support systems. Or customers can pick among integrations with software from Salesforce.com Inc, Dialpad Inc and Kayak. They also can use Google-developed artificial intelligence services, such as a meeting scheduler tool that sets group meeting times based on its understanding of individuals’ work habits. Google is bringing similar artificial intelligence to its calendar software, with a system that suggests a meeting location after analyzing a company’s conference room listings and seating chart. Hangouts Chat also pairs with Hangouts Meet, teleconferencing software that Google released last year. 
968961579290124291	2018-02-28 21:30:17	https://t.co/aLvd0yuoQq	Facebook CFO says news feed changes will not have profound impact on ads https://t.co/aLvd0yuoQq https://t.co/U9qDA3z9ln	 SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Facebook Inc Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg brought her message about workplace gender equality to a typically male domain on Wednesday, urging attendees at an investor conference to improve mentoring of junior female colleagues. Sandberg, the No. 2 executive at the world’s largest social media network, took a break from answering questions about privacy and Facebook’s role in elections to address what she called an important moment for women given recent scandals over sexual harassment. “Go back and be loud and clear, especially if you are a male, that you are committed to mentoring women. It will make a huge difference,” Sandberg said at the Morgan Stanley 2018 Technology, Media & Telecom Conference. Sandberg, 48, published a memoir about female empowerment,“Lean In,” in 2013. It became a bestseller and ignited debate over women’s opportunities in the professional world. It was not immediately clear how the audience reacted. Morgan Stanley barred media from the conference, although it allowed Facebook to broadcast audio on an investor website. Sandberg, near the close of her appearance, said she wanted to use the remaining time to address a topic no one had asked about.“Investors, you guys have a lot of power,” she said. She cited survey research that said nearly half of male managers feared meetings with junior female colleagues, even as they accepted meetings with male colleagues. The result is unequal, she said. If managers“don’t feel comfortable having dinner with women, then they shouldn’t have dinner with men,” Sandberg said. 
968957520051163136	2018-02-28 21:14:09	https://t.co/AA2ISDZxp4	'Forgetful' Myanmar witness in @Reuters reporters' case writes key detail on his hand: https://t.co/AA2ISDZxp4 https://t.co/9R6aLVpO5e	 YANGON (Reuters) - A witness in the case of two Reuters reporters jailed in Myanmar told a courtroom on Wednesday that he wrote notes on his hand about where the pair were arrested to jog his memory while giving testimony. The location of the arrests has emerged as a key point of contention in the proceedings to decide whether Wa Lone, 31, and Kyaw Soe Oo, 27, will be charged under the colonial-era Official Secrets Act, which carries a maximum penalty of 14 years in prison. At issue is whether they were arrested immediately after a pre-arranged meeting with police, or at a routine traffic stop. The reporters were detained on Dec. 12, after they said they were invited to dine with two police officers at a restaurant. On Wednesday, prosecution witness Kyaw Shein, a civilian neighborhood-level local official, said he was present when they were arrested at a police checkpoint, several hundred meters from the restaurant. His account of the arrest largely matched earlier testimony of police officers, who have told the court the reporters were arrested after they were stopped and searched at a checkpoint at the junction of No. 3 Main Road and Nilar Road, northern Yangon, by officers who were unaware they were journalists. The reporters have told relatives and their lawyers they were arrested almost immediately after being handed some papers at the Saung Yeik Mon restaurant by two police officers they had not met before. During cross examination, defense lawyer Than Zaw Aung asked Kyaw Shein to confirm that he had looked at his hand when asked by the prosecutor to state the place of arrest. Kyaw Shein first told the court he had written the name of one of the reporters on his hand to aid his memory. Lawyer Than Zaw Aung then reached through the wooden bars of the witness stand and turned Kyaw Shein’s left hand over. The judge also asked the witness to show him his hand. The defense lawyer then read for the record that the writing on his hand read:“Thet Oo Maung” - an alias for Wa Lone - and below it“No. 3 road and Nilar road junction”. Asked if someone had told him to write the address where police say the arrest took place, Kyaw Shein said no. He wrote on his hand because he was“forgetful”, he said. The government prosecutor, Kyaw Min Aung, declined to answer questions when approached by a Reuters reporter after the hearing on Wednesday. Government spokespeople have declined to comment on the case, citing the ongoing court proceedings. During Kyaw Shein’s testimony, the judge asked the court stenographer to record that the witness was taking a long time to respond to questions. Earlier on Wednesday, another civilian witness, Htay Htay Myint, owner of the Saung Yeik Mon, testified that she did not recognize Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo. She also said she was not aware of any dinner meeting, or of any arrest outside her restaurant that night. On cross-examination, she said she did not see the two reporters in her restaurant on Dec. 12, although she also said that from her position at the cash desk she would not have seen guests sitting at tables outside the restaurant. The two reporters had been working on a Reuters investigation into the killing of 10 Rohingya Muslim men who were buried in a mass grave in northern Rakhine state after being hacked to death or shot by ethnic Rakhine Buddhist villagers and soldiers. The military excavated the shallow grave in December, days after the reporters’ arrests, saying they had received a tip-off. Authorities are taking action against 10 members of the security forces and six villagers, according to a government spokesman. A handcuffed Wa Lone told reporters at the court that authorities would not have uncovered the killing if they had not got information from the reporters. “The role of an independent media is crucial to solve the Rakhine crisis,” Wa Lone said.“If we are not reporting about the right information, the government will not know the real situation on the ground.” Myanmar’s ambassador to the United Nations, Hau Do Suan, said this month that the journalists were not arrested for reporting a story, but were accused of“illegally possessing confidential government documents”. The judge adjourned the proceedings until March 7. 
968948952879063041	2018-02-28 20:40:07	https://t.co/5ir2snW7WW	Spotify files for direct listing of up to $1 billion https://t.co/5ir2snW7WW https://t.co/d0BOk8SFtX	 (In Feb. 28 story, corrects to“$22.6 billion” from“$22.5 billion” and to“177 million” from“178 billion” in paragraph 28) By Stephen Nellis and Nivedita Bhattacharjee (Reuters) - Music streaming service Spotify on Wednesday filed for a direct listing of its shares, laying out financial data for the first time that cheered some analysts but led others to question how it could turn a profit from its growing subscriber base. Spotify, which wants to trade as SPOT on the New York Stock Exchange, is taking an unusual path to the U.S. public markets, with a direct listing that will let investors and employees sell shares without the company raising new capital or hiring a Wall Street bank or broker to underwrite the offering. Because the company will not issue any new shares, it did not specify a listing price. Based on private transactions, it is valued at roughly $19 billion, according to Reuters calculations. Spotify, launched in 2008 and available in more than 60 countries, is the biggest music streaming company in the world and counts services from Apple Inc (AAPL.O), Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) and Alphabet Inc’s< GOOGL.O> Google as its main rivals. In the filing, Spotify laid out detailed financial data for the first time, showing rising revenue and relatively steady operating costs, which analysts took as a positive. Revenue rose 39 percent to 4.09 billion euros ($4.99 billion) in 2017, from 2.95 billion euros a year earlier. Its operating loss widened to 378 million euros in 2017 from 349 million euros. Its net loss ballooned 129 percent in 2017, driven mostly by financing costs related to a 2016 deal in which Sweden-based Spotify raised $1 billion in debt that would convert to shares upon an initial public offering. “The revenue continues to grow but in particular their costs are growing slower than revenue, which is exactly what you expect in a business like this,” said Jay Ritter, an expert in initial public offerings and professor at the University of Florida. Spotify compared its aspirations to the reach of Facebook (FB.O) and YouTube.“We believe the universality of music gives us the opportunity to reach many of the over 3.6 billion internet users globally,” it said. With 71 million premium subscribers globally, Spotify has about twice as many paying customers as music streaming runner up Apple, with 36 million. Including those who listen to advertising-supported streams, Spotify has about 159 million monthly average users. Amazon Music Unlimited has 16 million paying subscribers, and Pandora Media Inc (P.N) has 5.48 million total subscribers. Google has not said how many subscribers it has to Google Play, its music streaming service. Spotify’s premium subscription costs $9.99 a month, but it said it saw great potential in its ad-supported service, which Apple does not offer. “With our ad-supported service, we believe there is a large opportunity to grow users and gain market share from traditional terrestrial radio,” Spotify said. The net proportion of subscribers who left Spotify’s paid-for service, or churn, fell to 5.1 percent of paying customers at the end of 2017, from 6.9 percent at the start of 2016, the company said. “This has been a question we’ve been wondering for a long time: how sustainable is Spotify’s model? This is the very first time we’re seeing public disclosure about churn, and the news there is really good,” said Larry Miller, head of the music business program at New York University’s Steinhardt School. Spotify calculated that customers brought in 3.6 times more revenue over their life as a user than the company spent on marketing to attract them, as of the end of 2017, helping boost free cash flow to 109 million euros by the end of last year. Still, in going head to head against Apple, Amazon and others, Spotify is“competing against companies that never need to make a dime on music as a standalone business and that in fact use it to drive other aspects of their business,” Miller said. Apple and Alphabet also control the two main operating systems used by smartphones, iOS and Android. They and Amazon are all developing computer assistants, such as Amazon’s Alexa and Apple’s Siri, that could give the bigger companies advantages. “Many of our competitors enjoy competitive advantages such as greater name recognition, legacy operating histories, and larger marketing budgets, as well as greater financial, technical, human, and other resources,” Spotify said in its filing. Apple has launched massive marketing campaigns around its service and added subscribers rapidly in the last three years.“I don’t think there’s any doubt that the pace of competition this year has quickened,” Miller said. Spotify has a powerful ally, in the music arm of China’s Tencent Holdings Ltd (0700.HK). The companies in December said they would buy minority stakes in each other, helping increase exposure to each other’s core markets. A direct listing does not dilute ownership, as would happen with a conventional initial public offering, and saves hundreds of millions of dollars in underwriting fees. But it also frees existing owners from any lockup period restricting them from selling their shares following the listing. Underwriters that provide price stability for new listings are not used in a direct listing, which could mean a volatile start for Spotify shares in public. Shares trade privately in a wide band. Spotify is valued between $16.8 billion and $22.6 billion, based on recent ordinary share prices between $95 and $127.50 in the private markets in February and 177 million shares estimated outstanding by the end of February, according to its filing. Synovus Trust portfolio manager Dan Morgan described Spotify as“interesting,” but questioned how quickly it might become profitable. “How can Spotify monetize its user base beyond a $5-$15 monthly subscription fee?,” Morgan asked. 
968946497244065794	2018-02-28 20:30:21	https://t.co/RFeDlIpFje	Facebook expands presence in jobs market https://t.co/RFeDlIpFje https://t.co/ELgN2MguXG	 (Reuters) - Facebook Inc said on Wednesday it was expanding the jobs section on its social network, as it looks to compete in a market dominated by Microsoft Corp’s LinkedIn. The expansion marks the tool’s international rollout a year after it was launched in the United States and Canada. The tool will now be available to users in 40 countries, Facebook said in a statement. The company also said it plans to invest about $1 billion in its teams, technology and new programs in 2018. 
968944399878184960	2018-02-28 20:22:01	https://t.co/RSnUQoTHO0	Ex-Odebrecht head in Peru says he donated to president's campaign: lawyer https://t.co/RSnUQoTHO0	 LIMA (Reuters) - A former executive of scandal-plagued Brazilian builder Odebrecht [ODBES.UL] told prosecutors investigating the company in Peru that he gave money to President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski’s 2011 election campaign, an attorney for opposition party leader Keiko Fujimori said on local television on Wednesday. The prosecutors traveled to Brazil this week to question the executive, Jorge Barata, about 2011 campaign contributions that they suspect were part of money laundering and graft schemes. Barata was once the head of Odebrecht’s operations in Peru and is now cooperating with prosecutors about bribes that the company acknowledged paying to secure contracts. Fujimori’s attorney, Giuliana Loza, said Barata also told prosecutors that he gave money to two members of Fujimori’s party in her 2011 campaign. “We’re going to ask for their respective explanations,” Loza told journalists in Brazil in comments broadcast on local TV channel Canal N. Kuczynski and Fujimori, Kuczynski’s chief political rival, have repeatedly denied taking any money from Odebrecht. On Wednesday, Kuczynski said on Twitter that he never received a donation from Barata for his campaigns, and that he was not in charge of finances in his failed 2011 presidential bid. His office declined further comment. In comments to journalists in Lima on Wednesday, Fujimori denied that any money from Odebrecht found its way into her party. She called for prosecutors to close the money laundering probe into her. As president, Kuczynski has immunity from prosecution and can only be formally investigated once he leaves office. Kuczynski’s term is scheduled to end in 2021, but lawmakers in the opposition-controlled Congress have been discussing holding a new vote to remove Kuczynski. A vote in December after he failed to reveal his past business ties to Odebrecht failed passage by just eight votes. Odebrecht has been at the center of Latin America’s biggest graft scandal since acknowledging in a late 2016 leniency deal that it had bribed officials in a dozen countries, including Peru. Two former Peruvian presidents, Ollanta Humala and Alejandro Toledo, have been ensnared in the scandal. Prosecutors allege that Humala, who is now in pre-trial detention, laundered money for Odebrecht by taking campaign contributions earned through graft. Toledo, under whom Kuczynski served as finance minister and prime minister, is accused of taking a $20 million bribe from Odebrecht. Barata’s testimony has been central to both investigations. Humala and Toledo deny taking money from Odebrecht. Reuters could not independently confirm what Barata told prosecutors this week. The lead prosecutor on the case, Rafael Vela, told reporters in Brazil that he could not discuss details. 
968941944419340288	2018-02-28 20:12:16	https://t.co/wgzD2yHpWM	Facebook says finds no new evidence Russia interfered in Brexit referendum https://t.co/wgzD2yHpWM	 (Reuters) - Facebook Inc has told a British parliamentary committee that further investigations have found no new evidence that Russia used social media to interfere in the June 2016 referendum in which Britain voted to leave the European Union. Facebook UK policy director Simon Milner in a letter on Wednesday told the House of Commons Committee on Digital, Culture Media and Sport that the latest investigation the company undertook in mid-January to try to “identify clusters of coordinated Russian activity around the Brexit referendum that were not identified previously” had been unproductive. Using the same methodology that Facebook used to identify U.S. election-related social media activity conducted by a Russian propaganda outfit called the Internet Research Agency, Milner said the social network had reviewed both Facebook accounts and “the activity of many thousands of advertisers in the campaign period” leading up to the June 23, 2016 referendum. He said they had “found no additional coordinated Russian-linked accounts or Pages delivering ads to the UK regarding the EU Referendum during the relevant period, beyond the minimal activity we previously disclosed.” At a hearing on social media political activity that the parliamentary committee held in Washington earlier in February, Milner had promised the panel it would disclose more results of its latest investigation by the end of February. At the same hearing, Juniper Downs, YouTube’s global head of public policy, said that her company had “conducted a thorough investigation around the Brexit referendum and found no evidence of Russian interference.” In his letter to the committee, Facebook’s Milner acknowledged that the minimal results in the company’s Brexit review contrasted with the results of Facebook inquiries into alleged Russian interference in U.S. politics. The company’s US investigation results, Milner said, “comport with the recent indictments” Justice Department special counsel Robert Mueller issued against Russian individuals and entities. Following its Washington hearing, committee chairman Damian Collins MP said his committee expected to finish a report on its inquiry into Social Media and Fake News in late March and that the report is likely to include recommendations for new British laws or regulations regarding social media content. These could include measures to clarify the companies’ legal liability for material they distribute and their obligations to address social problems the companies content could engender, he said. 
968938368175366152	2018-02-28 19:58:03	https://t.co/uNROZFevTL	Colombia's president questions whether to end ELN peace talks over attacks https://t.co/uNROZFevTL	 BOGOTA (Reuters) - Colombia’s President Juan Manuel Santos said on Wednesday he is torn over whether to break peace talks with the Marxist ELN rebels following a series of attacks that have killed scores of police and military personnel. Another five soldiers were killed and more than 10 wounded early on Tuesday in a bomb attack by the National Liberation Army (ELN) near the border with Venezuela. The latest attack comes after eight police officers were killed in January. “I’m in that dilemma. What should I do with the ELN? Keep insisting or do as the public wants, because today the public is in favor of breaking the dialogues,” Santos said during an event in the coastal city of Cartagena. “How many lives does will it cost if I break the dialogues at this moment and how many lives are we going to save if we keep insisting?” he said. Santos suspended peace talks with the ELN in January, after the end of the two sides’ first-ever bilateral ceasefire, when the rebels immediately resumed attacks on security forces and oil pipelines. Santos criticized the group for its inconsistency after it called a four-day unilateral ceasefire for legislative elections next month and then the very next day launched an attack that killed the soldiers. “Where’s the coherence? I ask, where’s the coherence?” he said. The 2,000-strong group was founded by radical Roman Catholic priests in 1964. More than 220,000 people have been killed during Colombia’s conflict. The United States and European Union consider the ELN a terrorist group. The ELN has participated in peace talks in the past but each time, the discussions have failed. 
968934675665313792	2018-02-28 19:43:23	https://t.co/EXbAETkkyt	British police arrest three in fatal Leicester blast https://t.co/EXbAETkkyt	 (Reuters) - British police have arrested three men on suspicion of manslaughter related to an explosion that killed five people in the city of Leicester on Sunday evening. The three men, all in their 30s, were being questioned by detectives, police said in a statement on Wednesday. “Whilst we will not disclose further details at this stage, we stress that there remains no evidence that the events of Sunday night are in any way terrorist related”, police said. The blast in the central English city, which also injured five others, ripped through a building, destroying a convenience store on the ground floor and a two-storey apartment above. 
968933846652727296	2018-02-28 19:40:05	https://t.co/Y4LbsWRcpY	Dick's Sporting Goods bans some gun sales, urges Congress to act https://t.co/Y4LbsWRcpY https://t.co/MvZ2ymx8iZ	 WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Walmart Inc (WMT.N), the largest U.S. retailer, joined Dick’s Sporting Goods Inc (DKS.N) in raising the minimum age to purchase firearms to 21 after the massacre at a Florida high school that has reopened a fierce debate over gun control in America. Walmart said that“in light of recent events” it was raising the age for purchasers of firearms and ammunition to 21 from 18. The retailer is also was removing items from its website that resemble assault rifles, including non-lethal airsoft guns and toys. Walmart stopped selling assault firearms and accessories in 2015 and only sells handguns in Alaska. Dick’s, a U.S. retailer of camping supplies, sporting goods and guns, will stop selling assault rifles and high-capacity magazines. It will not sell any guns to people under age 21, Dick’s chief executive, Ed Stack, said in an open letter on the company’s website. The announcements came the same day that classes resumed at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, where 17 people, mostly students, were killed two weeks ago in one of the deadliest U.S. mass shootings. The accused gunman, 19-year-old Nikolas Cruz, legally purchased a weapon at Dick’s in November, although not the type used in the shooting, Stack said. Cruz, a former student at Stoneman Douglas, is accused of using an AR-15 assault-style weapon to carry out the killing. The massacre spurred a youth-led wave of protests, and state and national officials are considering whether to pass stricter gun control measures. The powerful National Rifle Association traditionally opposes such curbs, citing the right to bear arms under the U.S. Constitution’s Second Amendment. Dick’s removed assault-style weapons from its Dick’s-branded stores after the 2012 shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut that killed 20 first graders and six adults, but continued selling them through another retail brand. Wednesday’s move takes them out of its 35 Field & Stream outlets as well, Stack said, adding the measure would be permanent. Some analysts said the 2012 decision did not hurt the retailer’s sales, likely giving company executives confidence to make Wednesday’s move. Stack said he knew the company’s decision would upset some customers, but he cited the passionate response by the students and families in Parkland. “We have heard you,” he said. Stack said in his letter that Dick’s respects the Second Amendment and law-abiding gun owners but was obliged to address a national gun epidemic that is killing too many children. After the Parkland shooting, it was clear there were not enough systemic protections to prevent gun sales to people who are potential threats, Stack said, adding that Congress should tighten background checks to include relevant mental health information. Dick’s, based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, operates about 715 Dick’s-branded stores across the United States. It was the latest company to take action after the Florida shooting. Other businesses have cut ties with the NRA and gun manufacturers. Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O), the world’s largest online retailer, has long prohibited the sale of firearms and explosives on its websites, as well as ammunition and gun accessories in most cases. It declined comment on the issue on Wednesday. EBay (EBAY.O) said its policy prohibits the sale of firearms and high-capacity magazines of more than 10 rounds. Since the Florida shooting, gun-control supporters have called on Amazon as well as Roku, Apple Inc (AAPL.O) and others to drop the National Rifle Association’s programming from their streaming services. Outdoor goods retailer Bass Pro Shops, which acquired Cabelas Inc last year and sells guns under both retail brands, did not respond to requests for comment. Package delivery company FedEx Corp (FDX.N) declined to comment on whether it would change its firearms shipping policy after the Florida shooting, while rival United Parcel Service Inc (UPS.N) said it was not changing its policies. 
968931392334848000	2018-02-28 19:30:20	https://t.co/q5mP90g9K3	In Japan, Twitter sees a surge of users - and revenue https://t.co/q5mP90g9K3 https://t.co/NCYJXCSCet	 TOKYO/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Riding a wave of new users, improved advertising options and an embrace of video content by users and advertisers alike, Twitter Inc’s (TWTR.N) revenue has leaped in Japan, helping lead the company to its first quarterly profit. Earlier this month Twitter reported that sales in Japan jumped 34 percent in the last three months of 2017, compared with a year earlier, to $106 million. In Japan, Twitter’s success in converting users into revenue - a problem that has vexed the social network since its founding - has raised hopes it might lead to broader growth across the company. Investors and analysts, however, point to Japan-specific factors that may not be replicable elsewhere. The company seems to be innovating at a local level instead of simply localizing U.S. services, as is common at other tech firms, said Ryo Sakai, a senior planner for the interactive media division at Asatsu-DK Inc (9747.T), Japan’s third-largest advertising agency. “I get the impression that Twitter has, in the past year or two, been responding flexibly to advertisers’ requests,” he said. At the same time, the company has attracted more eyes in Japan: user numbers rose to about 45 million in October from about 40 million just over a year earlier. The reasons for that are complex, but ad industry executives say Twitter’s policy of allowing aliases and the idea of tweeting - sometimes translated as“muttering” in Japanese - allows Japanese users to express their opinions in a culture that tends to be outwardly reserved. “There is an ease to anonymity,” says Motohiko Tokuriki, chief marketing officer at Agile Media Network, which advises companies on the use of social media. Twitter has moved beyond text and pictures, offering rich video advertising options and providing an alternative to rivals such as Facebook Inc (FB.O), says Shinya Kobori, manager for the Twitter group at Dentsu Digital Inc, part of Japan’s largest advertising agency, Dentsu Inc (4324.T). The popularity of video on Twitter has been evident during the Winter Olympics. National broadcaster NHK’s video of figure skater Yuzuru Hanyu’s gold-medal-winning short program was watched more than 4 million times and shared 125,000 times. Facebook, which lagged home-grown rival Mixi Inc (2121.T) in the early days of social networks, has failed to dominate Japan as it has in the United States and Europe. Twitter now makes $2.36 per Japanese user, compared with $5.97 per user in the United States, according to data from the fourth quarter of 2017. That is nearly twice the $1.24 in revenue per non-U.S. user overall. Twitter has continued to grow its Japanese mobile user base over the last 18 months even as Facebook struggles to expand its app users numbers, data from Nielsen shows. And for advertisers targeting a population that has tuned out television, Twitter offers an attractive option: around three quarters of Japanese students over the age of 18 use it, compared with around a quarter on Facebook, according to Nielsen. With smartphones“overwhelmingly” used for social activities like watching video, demand for video advertising has been“explosive” says Masahiro Ajisawa, Japan-based senior director at Twitter Client Solutions. Japanese consumers were late to embrace smartphones but have accelerated their purchases, with domestic sales hitting a record high of 32 million units last year, data from the Tokyo-based MM Research Institute shows. Under the Twitter model, advertisers pay to push their tweets into the feeds of users who may watch the video, retweet to their followers or click through to the advertiser’s website. Many of the websites of traditional media lack the latest ad options, and video-savvy net media have not taken root to the same extent in Japan as in countries like the U.S., said Yoshiya Nakamura, executive analyst at Nielsen Digital.Digital spending is on the rise, with the ad market for internet media growing 15 percent to 1.5 trillion yen in 2017 - its fourth straight year of double-digit expansion - compared with a 2.3 percent fall to 2.8 trillion yen for traditional media, according to Dentsu. The importance of Japan to Twitter is reflected by its choice to be one of three countries, along with the U.S. and the U.K., chosen for Twitter’s new“promote mode,” a subscription service that allows smaller business to pay to boost their tweets. Although Twitter expects its Japan growth to continue, it is less clear whether the success will be replicable elsewhere. One possibility could be the Middle East, where revenue per user remains low despite a large number of users, said Ross Gerber, chief executive of U.S. investment firm Gerber Kawasaki. 
968930506304905222	2018-02-28 19:26:49	https://t.co/W5zQl4WCJ8	German ministry sees benefit in keeping fighter jet expertise in Europe https://t.co/W5zQl4WCJ8	 BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany’s defense ministry said on Wednesday that its plan to give priority to the European fighter jet over U.S. competitors in a competition to replace aging Tornado jets would retain aircraft expertise in Europe and continue use of a proven system. The German Defence Ministry, in a letter to a Greens lawmaker, acknowledged that the German air force’s strategy recommended parallel use of two different fighter jet models, but said that was“not a binding guideline.” The ministry said in December that the Eurofighter Typhoon was the leading candidate to replace its Tornado jets beginning in 2025. It said it did not share the view of German air force chief Georg Muellner, who had indicated he preferred Lockheed Martin Corp’s stealthy F-35 fighter jet. Its latest comments came after Greens lawmaker Tobias Lindner asked the ministry to explain that position, and how it jarred with the air force’s strategy to operate two different models of fighter jets, aimed at ensuring the ability to continue operations in the event of fleet-wide grounding. Deputy Defence Minister Ralf Brauksiepe told Lindner a final decision on the Tornado replacement would be made only after a comprehensive assessment of data provided by the aircraft manufacturers. He said the ministry intended to buy a combat aircraft that was already available on the market, and would look primarily at the Eurofighter, as well as the Lockheed F-35 and the F-15E and F/A-18E/F fighter jets built by Boeing Co. “A possible purchase of the Eurofighter would ensure the retention of military aircraft expertise in Germany and Europe, and value creation in our own country,” he said in the letter.“The weapons system has already been introduced to the Bundeswehr (armed forces) and is being successfully used.” Those factors, he said, would have to be“considered” in the assessment of the different aircraft. Lindner said the ministry’s preferential treatment of the Eurofighter underscored the problem affecting many large procurement programs.“There is a tendency to give preference to domestically developed (weapons) and value creation at home over options that are already available on the market and therefore likely less risky,” he said. Lindner said recent German procurement programs showed that focusing too much on industrial policy factors could lead to poorly performing contracts. The multination European A400M program, for instance, has faced huge cost overruns and technical challenges. Brauksiepe’s letter comes shortly after the U.S. government told European Union nations that it and other non-EU countries should play a“robust” role in European defense integration, including access to future procurement contracts. U.S. officials have provided classified briefings on the Lockheed and Boeing jets to German military officials as they prepare to launch a competition to replace the current fleet of around 90 Tornado jets - a deal that will be worth billions of euros to the winning bidder. 
968923981658099714	2018-02-28 19:00:53	https://t.co/xbHWSp1Wob	EU says to regulate Northern Irish trade unless Britain acts fast https://t.co/xbHWSp1Wob	 BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union on Wednesday laid out how it would regulate Northern Ireland’s trade if no better solution was found in the fast-closing window before Britain’s departure from the EU, prompting furious reactions in London and Belfast. Brussels’ chief negotiator Michel Barnier, presenting the EU’s draft of an exit treaty for Britain, denied that the proposal, intended to avoid a disruptive EU-UK“hard border” on the island of Ireland, would loosen Northern Ireland’s constitutional ties to the rest of the United Kingdom. But British leader Theresa May told her parliament that no prime minister could ever agree to these terms as they would“threaten the constitutional integrity of the UK”. The hardline Democratic Unionist (DUP) allies in Belfast on whom she relies for a slim majority denounced the EU draft as“constitutionally unacceptable” and“economically catastrophic” as it would distance Northern Ireland from mainland Britain. Establishing a“common regulatory area” with Ireland and 26 other EU states, as the draft treaty proposes, would in effect keep the British province in a customs union with the bloc. “Northern Ireland shall be considered to be part of the customs territory of the Union,” read the draft, which some diplomats characterised as a clear bid by Brussels to seize the initiative and drive negotiations forward on its terms. Barnier said Britons should not be surprised by a text that merely translated an interim accord with London into legal language. And he said the border proposal was only a“backstop” solution, which could be changed if Britain offered alternatives along the lines of those it hinted at during talks in December. Britain’s vote to leave the EU has undermined one of the pillars of a 1998 settlement that ended decades of violence in Northern Ireland between mostly Catholic Irish nationalists and Protestant unionists favouring continued union with Britain. In Dublin, Foreign Minister Simon Coveney echoed Barnier, saying the draft was“absolutely faithful” to the December accord and“should not be a surprise to anybody”. Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said it was up to May and the DUP to come up with their own solutions if they did not like it. Barnier rammed home that“time is short” before Britain will be out of the EU in exactly 13 months. He called on May to“pick up the pace” of negotiations so that a withdrawal treaty, including terms for keeping the status quo during a two-year transition, could be agreed this autumn and ratified by March. As the rhetoric on both sides has taken a more irritable turn, and negotiations have stalled since the interim accords in December, Barnier said he was“preparing for every situation” in case Britain, the continent’s second-biggest economy, lurches out of the Union without a deal after 46 years. One EU diplomat said Barnier and his team had“switched gear into attack mode” and had agreed with Dublin on a tactic to push Britain on from December’s fudge on the Irish border. Britain wants the border issue settled as part of an overall EU-UK trade deal which Brussels will only start discussing with it in April. May, who will lay out her vision for the future trading relationship with the EU on Friday, said she would work to protect UK unity in the negotiations. She again ruled out an EU-UK customs union - something that her Labour opponents advocate as a way to avoid disruptive controls at the Irish land border. “Overall the work has been progressing well in recent weeks,” her spokesman said.“This is just a draft document ... and we will be having discussions where we don’t agree in the coming months.” Unionists fear new barriers with the British mainland could increase the chances of Ireland, which broke from British rule a century ago, absorbing Northern Ireland, most of whose 1.8 million people are entitled to Irish, and hence EU, citizenship. Barnier conceded there might be new checks on trade between Northern Ireland and the mainland - but definitely no“border”. The Democratic Unionist Party’s Nigel Dodds, however, said Barnier’s“ludicrous” plan“will not go anywhere”. Barnier dismissed suggestions that the draft was an attempt to“shock” Britons into concluding a deal, insisting that his sole goal was to avoid a disorderly divorce.“There is no arrogance here,” he said. The draft treaty sees a joint EU-British committee overseeing the arrangements but the European Court of Justice remaining the ultimate authority to resolve disputes. Asked why the draft made no mention of a section in December’s EU-UK joint report that there should be no regulatory divergence between Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Barnier said it was because that was an internal British matter. He restated his view that the proposals for future trade that May is expected to make on Friday - to maintain a mixture of common and different regulations with the EU - were not acceptable.“There will be no cherry-picking,” he said. Barnier said he would engage in a new round of negotiations next week and would also meet leaders of Northern Ireland. He also said“significant divergences” remained in talks on a transition period, and so a deal, which both sides hope to clinch in March to calm business nerves, was“not a given”. Supporters of Brexit argue that Britain will benefit from no longer being bound by EU rules and can do more trade with the rest of the world, while opponents say the prospect of new barriers to trade in Europe is already damaging its economy. May’s government got a boost on Wednesday when Japanese carmaker Toyota confirmed plans to build a new model in England. 
968923979762339840	2018-02-28 19:00:53	https://t.co/nRsSlRaGvF	Turkey hands journalist serving life sentence another five years https://t.co/nRsSlRaGvF	 ISTANBUL (Reuters) - A Turkish court handed an additional jail term to prominent journalist Ahmet Altan for terrorism charges on Wednesday, state media said, two weeks after he was sentenced to life in prison in a case that has drawn international censure of Ankara. Altan, his brother and four other journalists were sentenced this month for aiding plotters of a 2016 failed coup, charges they deny. The Altan brothers were accused of giving coded messages on a television talk show a day before the coup attempt. The verdict drew criticism from rights groups and international bodies, including the United Nations. It is widely seen as the latest example of a crackdown under President Tayyip Erdogan. Since the coup more than 50,000 people have been jailed and more than 150,000 sacked or suspended from their jobs. On Wednesday, a court sentenced Altan to a total of five years and 11 months on two different charges related to an article he wrote for the Haberdar news website, the state-run Anadolu news agency said. The court ruled the language he used to describe the Kurdish conflict in southeast Turkey - where he wrote of “children” digging trenches to fight Turkish soldiers - attempted to portray the actions of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) as innocent, Anadolu said. The PKK, considered a terrorist organization by the United States, the European Union and Turkey, has waged a three-decade insurgency in the largely Kurdish southeast. The court also ruled the same article had insulted Erdogan, Anadolu said. Insulting the president is a crime in Turkey. Hours after the verdict was announced, Britain’s Guardian newspaper published an open letter signed by 38 Nobel laureates, including Kazuo Ishiguro and J.M. Coetzee, addressed to President Tayyip Erdogan. It described the evidence against the Altan brothers and the four others who were sentenced to life as “insubstantial”. “All these writers had spent their careers opposing coups and militarism of any sort, and yet were charged with aiding an armed terrorist organization and staging a coup,” it said, calling for their acquittal and Turkey’s return to rule of law. Altan, a well known journalist and author who had previously been editor of the now-defunct liberal newspaper Taraf, was detained for some 17 months before his life sentence was handed down this month. “We will spend the rest of our lives alone in a cell that is three meters long and three meters wide. We will be taken out to see sunlight for one hour a day,” he wrote in a New York Times essay published on Wednesday. “We will never be pardoned and we will die in a prison cell.” (Corrects paragraph eight to read sentenced to life, not sentenced to death.) 
968921227783036928	2018-02-28 18:49:57	https://t.co/ajZsomYtFr	Germany says its government computers secure after 'isolated' hack https://t.co/ajZsomYtFr	 BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany said on Wednesday hackers had breached its government computer network with an isolated attack that had been brought under control and which security officials were investigating. A spokesman for the German Interior Ministry said the affected government agencies had taken appropriate measures to investigate the incident and protect data. “The attack was isolated and brought under control within the federal administration,” which oversees government computer networks, he said in a statement, adding that the authorities were addressing the incident“with high priority and significant resources”. The spokesman said he could give no further details immediately due to security and analysis measures that were still under way. He did not comment on German media reports that the attack was launched by Russian hacker group APT28, which had already attacked the German parliament in 2015. The reports said the group managed to steal data from the Foreign and Defence Ministries in the latest attack. The ministry did not say when the attack took place. German media reported it happened in December. German security sources said authorities had been aware of the incident for some time, but the Defence Ministry and the German military were not affected. Jens Zimmermann, the Social Democrats’ (SPD) spokesman for digital issues, said the German parliament’s Digital Agenda committee had agreed unanimously to hold an extraordinary meeting, likely to be on Thursday. “The federal government must inform parliament comprehensively,” he tweeted. German Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen declined to comment about the reports during an appearance in London. News of the attack on German government computers comes after repeated warnings by German intelligence officials about possible meddling by Russia in last year’s federal election. The head of the German domestic intelligence agency last year said such attacks had not occurred, but the risk of interference remained until a new government is in place. Germany’s Social Democrats are voting by postal ballot on an agreement to form another“grand coalition” with Chancellor Angela Merkel’s conservatives, with the results to be made public on Sunday. If they reject the tie-up, Germany could face new elections or the formation of a minority government for the first time in its post-war history. Western governments and security experts have linked the hacking group known as APT28 or Fancy Bear to a Russian spy agency, and have blamed it for operations including an attack on the Democratic National Committee ahead of the 2016 U.S. elections and the German lower house of parliament in 2015. German officials have blamed APT28 for the May 2015 hack of the German lower house of parliament, the Bundestag, and other cyber attacks aimed at political groups, Merkel and other individuals, or institutions. Moscow has previously denied in any way having been involved in cyber attacks on the German political establishment. Top German intelligence officials have urged lawmakers to give them greater legal authority to“hack back” in the event of cyber attacks from foreign powers. 
968919893402890240	2018-02-28 18:44:38	https://t.co/sw9TgfNVO0	EU to prepare joint stance on future ties with Britain from next week https://t.co/sw9TgfNVO0	 BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The 27 remaining nations of the European Union will start working on how they see their future ties with Britain next week, officials and diplomats said, as they pile pressure on London over the slow pace of Brexit negotiations. The chairman of EU leaders, Donald Tusk, will meet British Prime Minister Theresa May in London on Thursday, a day after the bloc’s Brexit negotiator weakened sterling by issuing another warning to Britain, which is due to leave the bloc in March 2019. May is due to make a policy speech on Friday to outline what sort of relationship London wants with the EU after Brexit and a subsequent transition period, which the bloc wants to see ending at the end of 2020. But the EU, frustrated by weeks of prodding London to present its stance with little sign of success, has now decided to move on with its internal preparations on future ties. It will only take into account what it has heard from Britain so far, namely that it will be leaving the bloc’s single market and customs union eventually as well. “I expect Tusk to be ready with these draft guidelines on the future framework early next week,” said his spokesman, Preben Aamann. EU states would then work on the document to have it approved by their 27 leaders when they next meet in Brussels on March 22-23. The bloc has dismissed London’s proposals on the matter so far as“pure illusion” and said that they would not prevent a border between Ireland - an EU state - and Britain’s province of Northern Ireland, which both sides have vowed to avoid. EU Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier on Wednesday presented a more advanced contingency plan for Ireland, drawing fire from Britain for proposing that Northern Ireland remain closely linked with the EU, which could loosen its ties with the UK. “Let’s see what May says on Friday. If it’s another speech about what they don’t want, then this is not helpful. What we are looking for is constructive proposals,” a senior EU diplomat said. “Since they’ve come up with nothing, we will present something. We will put forward a proposal of a free trade agreement. And they won’t like that either. So we will have a lot of things on the table.” Brussels hopes the EU will be able to agree rules on the transition period with Britain in March and open negotiations on the future relationship from April. Negotiators for both sides are due to hold a week of talks in Brussels next week. 
968918753449824262	2018-02-28 18:40:07	https://t.co/uiYYMhggoi	Google's shopping rivals call for action from EU antitrust watchdog https://t.co/uiYYMhggoi https://t.co/7B7dpFgawF	 BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Google competitors have called for further action by European Union antitrust regulators to ensure the Alphabet-owned (GOOGL.O) firm treats rivals offering shopping services equally. Last year, Google said it would allow competitors to bid for ads at the top of a search page, giving them the chance to compete on equal terms, after the European Commission fined it a record 2.4 billion euros ($2.9 billion). “Google’s remedy proposal is, on its face, non-compliant with the prohibition decision,” a group of 19 rivals said in a letter to European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager. Google said it was complying with the EU order. British price comparison site Foundem, whose complaint triggered the EU investigation, France’s Twenga and rivals in travel search, digital mapping and publishing were among the signatories to the letter to Vestager. “Google’s current remedy proposal is no better than Google’s Commitment proposals under Commissioner Almunia, and in some ways may be worse,” the group said, referring to Vestager’s predecessor who tried to get Google to settle without a fine. The EU competition authority said it was aware of the concerns and has sought feedback from both rivals and Google. “The letter raises several arguments that the Commission has already been looking at as part of its ongoing assessment of Google’s measures,” an authority spokesman said on Wednesday. Google spokesman Al Verney said the U.S. company was giving competitors a fair chance. “As required, comparison shopping services have the same opportunity as Google Shopping to show shopping ads from merchants on Google’s search results pages,” Verney said. Google could be fined up to 5 percent of its average daily worldwide turnover if it fails to comply with the EU order. EU regulators hit Microsoft with an 899 million euro ($1.1 billion)penalty in 2008 for not complying with a 2004 ruling and another 561 million euro fine in 2013 for not complying with a 2009 decision. 
968916272326078464	2018-02-28 18:30:15	https://t.co/8O6YGqczMO	Facebook's EU regulator says WhatsApp yet to resolve data sharing issue https://t.co/8O6YGqczMO https://t.co/bbW1ZDO1iH	 DUBLIN (Reuters) - WhatsApp has still not brought forward proposals to address EU regulators’ concerns over the messaging service’s sharing of user data with parent company Facebook, Facebook’s European regulator said on Wednesday. The popular messaging service changed its privacy policy over a year ago to start sharing users’ phone numbers and other information with Facebook. That drew widespread regulatory scrutiny across Europe, and WhatsApp subsequently suspended the data sharing for EU users. The Irish data protection authority (DPC) - which has jurisdiction over Facebook because the company’s European headquarters are in Dublin - said last April it hoped to reach a deal with WhatsApp on the data sharing in a matter of months. With no proposals forthcoming, the DPC said it had maintained its insistence that WhatsApp’s EU personal data not be shared with Facebook for the management of advertising campaigns and product enhancement purposes until it was satisfied there was a lawful basis for doing so. “At this point the ball is in their court to bring forward what would be a credible process to legitimize the processing and no such options to this point have been presented to us,” Ireland’s Data Protection Commissioner Helen Dixon told Reuters in an interview. “In fact WhatsApp reconfirmed with us recently that moving into GDPR in May, it would continue to observe the pause on processing of data for these purposes,” she said, referring to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) which from May will require firms to give customers more control over their online information. European Union privacy regulators criticized WhatsApp in October for not resolving the concerns, a year after they first issued a warning. A spokeswoman for Facebook Ireland was not immediately available for comment. The DPC also said it was approaching a conclusion in its investigation into a massive 2014 data breach at U.S. Internet company Yahoo - now part of Oath - that led to the theft of data from 500 million users. Yahoo, whose assets were mostly acquired by Verizon Communications Inc last year, only revealed in late 2016 that hackers had stolen the data in 2014, prompting criticism from U.S. politicians into the delay in notifying customers. “We’re literally in the final stages of completing that report, it’s very imminent at this stage,” Dixon said, adding the results would be given to Oath and that her office also intended to publish a summary of its findings. 
968916093938126848	2018-02-28 18:29:33	https://t.co/Wz2LchltEU	Civilians killed as armed groups clash in Libyan south https://t.co/Wz2LchltEU	 BENGHAZI, Libya (Reuters) - Fighting between rival armed groups in the southern Libyan city of Sabha has left at least six civilians dead and wounded others, including women and children, a medical official said on Wednesday. Sporadic clashes between the Sixth Division, which is attached to the eastern-based Libyan National Army (LNA), and rival fighters from the Tebu ethnic group, started around Feb. 4, said Osama al-Wafi, a spokesman at Sabha’s main hospital. The fighting has led to fears of an escalation of violence in Libya’s impoverished south, where the LNA has been trying to expand its influence and has clashed with groups aligned with the internationally recognized government in the capital, Tripoli. The LNA is aligned with a rival government based in Libya’s east. Sabha, about 660 km (410 miles) south of Tripoli, has been a hub for the smuggling of African migrants and other contraband towards Libya’s Mediterranean coast. It has seen occasional bouts of fighting linked to the wider conflict that developed after the country’s 2011 uprising. The Sixth Division is largely composed of fighters from the Awlad Suleiman tribe. It is loyal to LNA leader Khalifa Haftar, who named new brigade commanders for the division this month. Chadian and Sudanese fighters present in the area for several years and stationed outside the city had also been drawn into the fighting, according to a local security official. One civilian was killed on Wednesday and at least four people were wounded, including two fighters and a child, said Wafi. The hospital had also been hit by shelling though this had not caused casualties, he said. Earlier, at least five civilians had been killed and nine wounded, including women and children, Wafi said. A Sabha resident contacted by Reuters said that some families living near the site of the most recent clashes had been displaced. Elsewhere in the city shops were open, though there was a shortage of medical supplies and fuel had only been available on the black market for the past four months, leading to long power cuts, he said. 
968916093917126656	2018-02-28 18:29:33	https://t.co/paV9XNBt2D	EU, US officials plan Berlin talks on Iran nuclear deal: source https://t.co/paV9XNBt2D	 BERLIN (Reuters) - European and U.S. officials are planning to meet in Berlin in March for talks on Iran’s 2015 nuclear deal with world powers, a German Foreign Ministry source said on Wednesday. Another European diplomat said the meeting would take place on March 15. Hailed as key to stopping Iran from building a nuclear bomb, the deal lifted economic sanctions in exchange for Tehran limiting its nuclear program. It was signed by the United States, China, France, Russia, Britain, Germany and the European Union. But U.S. President Donald Trump has long railed against the deal for reasons including its limited duration and the fact it does not cover Iran’s ballistic missile program. Trump has threatened to pull out of the agreement unless European allies help“fix” it with a follow-up accord. Britain, France and Germany have called on Trump to uphold the pact. [nL8N1P61V9] Iran says its nuclear program is only for peaceful purposes and that it will stick to the accord as long as the other signatories respect it but will“shred” the deal if Washington pulls out. 
968912173668995074	2018-02-28 18:13:58	https://t.co/zKl9N1iwB1	EU considering majority voting on foreign affairs decisions: Germany https://t.co/zKl9N1iwB1	 LONDON (Reuters) - The European Union is considering making foreign policy decisions subject to majority votes, rather than requiring the unanimous agreement of all members states as at present, German defense minister Ursula von der Leyen said on Wednesday. “We are thinking about perhaps moving towards a majority vote in diplomacy and foreign affairs so that we can respond rapidly to crises and speak with one voice, one European voice,” von der Leyen said at a London School of Economics German Symposium event. “And so you cannot be blocked by the one country who doesn’t want you to utter anything in the direction (that) Europe wants to speak.” Turning to Germany military spending which was sharply curtailed after the end of the Cold War but ramped up again after Russia’s annexation of the Crimea region in 2014, Von der Leyen said it would take years to bring the armed forces up to standard. “The whole modernization process will have to go on over years in Germany - and many, many other countries too. That is what we are debating.” A German defense ministry report earlier this week found that less than half of submarines, warplanes and some key weapons were ready for use. [nL8N1QH61Y] Asked about German media reports on a cyber attack launched by Russian hacker group APT28, von der Leyen declined to comment. [nB4N1N902H] The reports said the group, which had already attacked the German parliament in 2015, managed to steal data from the foreign and defense ministries in the latest hack. Germany has confirmed it is investigating a cyber attack that affected government computer networks, but said the incident had been brought under control. 
968910804690128897	2018-02-28 18:08:31	https://t.co/aUtgNhINJB	Saudi court jails rights activist over tweets https://t.co/aUtgNhINJB	 DUBAI (Reuters) - A Saudi court sentenced human rights activist Issa al-Nukheifi to six years in prison on Wednesday over tweets critical of the government, a rights group said, confirming a Saudi newspaper report. Saudi newspaper Okaz said the defendant, who it did not identify, was accused of criticizing Saudi Arabia’s intervention in neighboring Yemen, insulting the government and objecting to its decisions, criminal proceedings and security procedures. ALQST, a London-based Saudi rights group, identified the defendant as Issa al-Nukheifi, an activist who was detained in December 2016. It condemned the conviction and sentencing. Amnesty International called for his immediate release. “Instead of engaging with activists on reforms, the authorities are going after them one by one, with almost all of the country’s human rights activists now silenced or imprisoned,” Dana Ahmed, the group’s campaigner on Saudi Arabia, said. The Saudi Ministry of Interior declined to comment on Nukheifi’s case. Okaz reported that his sentence was also for re-tweeting anti-government accounts and simultaneously receiving money transfers from a prisoner still serving a sentence. Nukheifi was sentenced to six years of prison and, following his release, a six year ban on social media as well as a six year travel ban outside of the country. Nukheifi was previously arrested, tried and sentenced to prison for similar offences, an Amnesty report said. He was detained in 2012 and released in April 2016, only to be arrested eight months later. On Tuesday, ALQST published a letter by Nukheifi from custody addressed to Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. “I was very happy listening to your speeches and interviews where you call for freedom of expression and respecting human rights, which is what we call for and work with you to achieve,” he wrote. “I am writing to you from inside my imprisonment, having been detained for asking for these (steps).” In September, the arrest by Saudi authorities of some 30 clerics, intellectuals and activists was condemned by another group, Human Rights Watch. Its Middle East director Sarah Leah Whitson said at the time that the arrests were a sign that “Mohammed bin Salman has no real interest in improving his country’s record on free speech and the rule of law”. Crown Prince Mohammed has rocketed to the pinnacle of power in Saudi Arabia, pushing a reform agenda called Vision 2030 aimed at weaning the country off oil and introducing social reforms. Critics say he is not doing enough to liberalize politics in a country where the king enjoys absolute authority. In a Washington Post article published on Wednesday, when the crown prince was asked whether he might release human rights activists before his visit to the United States next month, the paper reported him as saying that Saudi standards were different to American ones and “if it works, don’t fix it”. The paper said he added later through an aide that he would consider reforms in this area, as in others. 
968906849092358145	2018-02-28 17:52:48	https://t.co/4eW8QdnMIa	EU, U.S. officials plan Berlin talks on Iran nuclear deal: source https://t.co/4eW8QdnMIa	 BERLIN (Reuters) - European and U.S. officials are planning to meet in Berlin in March for talks on Iran’s 2015 nuclear deal with world powers, a German Foreign Ministry source said on Wednesday. Another European diplomat said the meeting would take place on March 15. Hailed as key to stopping Iran from building a nuclear bomb, the deal lifted economic sanctions in exchange for Tehran limiting its nuclear program. It was signed by the United States, China, France, Russia, Britain, Germany and the European Union. But U.S. President Donald Trump has long railed against the deal for reasons including its limited duration and the fact it does not cover Iran’s ballistic missile program. Trump has threatened to pull out of the agreement unless European allies help“fix” it with a follow-up accord. Britain, France and Germany have called on Trump to uphold the pact. [nL8N1P61V9] Iran says its nuclear program is only for peaceful purposes and that it will stick to the accord as long as the other signatories respect it but will“shred” the deal if Washington pulls out. 
968904192441143297	2018-02-28 17:42:15	https://t.co/J2KMoarZ38	Germany confirms hack of government computers, says incident under control https://t.co/J2KMoarZ38	 BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany said on Wednesday hackers had breached its government computer network with an isolated attack that had been brought under control and which security officials were investigating. A spokesman for the German Interior Ministry said the affected government agencies had taken appropriate measures to investigate the incident and protect data. “The attack was isolated and brought under control within the federal administration,” which oversees government computer networks, he said in a statement, adding that the authorities were addressing the incident “with high priority and significant resources”. The spokesman said he could give no further details immediately due to security and analysis measures that were still under way. He did not comment on German media reports that the attack was launched by Russian hacker group APT28, which had already attacked the German parliament in 2015. The reports said the group managed to steal data from the Foreign and Defence Ministries in the latest attack. The ministry did not say when the attack took place. German media reported it happened in December. German security sources said authorities had been aware of the incident for some time, but the Defence Ministry and the German military were not affected. Jens Zimmermann, the Social Democrats’ (SPD) spokesman for digital issues, said the German parliament’s Digital Agenda committee had agreed unanimously to hold an extraordinary meeting, likely to be on Thursday. “The federal government must inform parliament comprehensively,” he tweeted. German Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen declined to comment about the reports during an appearance in London. News of the attack on German government computers comes after repeated warnings by German intelligence officials about possible meddling by Russia in last year’s federal election. The head of the German domestic intelligence agency last year said such attacks had not occurred, but the risk of interference remained until a new government is in place. Germany’s Social Democrats are voting by postal ballot on an agreement to form another “grand coalition” with Chancellor Angela Merkel’s conservatives, with the results to be made public on Sunday. If they reject the tie-up, Germany could face new elections or the formation of a minority government for the first time in its post-war history. Western governments and security experts have linked the hacking group known as APT28 or Fancy Bear to a Russian spy agency, and have blamed it for operations including an attack on the Democratic National Committee ahead of the 2016 U.S. elections and the German lower house of parliament in 2015. German officials have blamed APT28 for the May 2015 hack of the German lower house of parliament, the Bundestag, and other cyber attacks aimed at political groups, Merkel and other individuals, or institutions. Moscow has previously denied in any way having been involved in cyber attacks on the German political establishment. Top German intelligence officials have urged lawmakers to give them greater legal authority to “hack back” in the event of cyber attacks from foreign powers. 
968904192088838145	2018-02-28 17:42:15	https://t.co/zsqwKDOYVn	Mexico's leftist frontrunner to address premier banker gathering https://t.co/zsqwKDOYVn	 MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Last year, Mexican bankers had a leftist presidential hopeful on their minds but did not invite him to their gathering in the beach resort of Acapulco where they fretted about populism. Now, four months before the election, he is leading in polls and they have asked him to speak. Former Mexico City mayor Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, candidate for the National Regeneration Movement (Morena), will address the bankers on March 9, the Mexican Banking Association said this week, as have his two main political rivals. Lopez Obrador’s campaign confirmed he would attend. “They will be able to hear his proposal in his own words and clear up doubts the country’s banking sector has,” said spokesman Cesar Yanez. A leftist opposition party has never won the presidency in Mexico, and the country’s financiers want to gauge what could be in store if Lopez Obrador wins. The veteran campaigner, who made failed bids for the presidency in 2006 and 2012, did attend the event six years ago. His simple anti-corruption message, including chastising banks for their role in money laundering, has resonated with a populace sick of government graft and crime rampant under traditional parties. Orthodox policies have kept the economy stable but have not solved low wages and inequality. Last year, with U.S President Donald Trump recently in office and Lopez Obrador touring Mexico, bankers did not invite him to their conference. The theme was “liberalism versus populism,” and attendees from President Enrique Pena Nieto to top bankers warned of populism’s “easy escapes” and “magical solutions.” Lopez Obrador, 64, now has a strong lead in polls ahead of the July 1 vote, with right-left coalition candidate Ricardo Anaya gaining ground and Jose Antonio Meade, the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party’s (PRI) pick, in third place. Ernesto Torres Cantu, chief executive of Citibanamex, told reporters last week that the banking sector needed to hear more about the different economic models the candidates envisaged. “We insist that the best for Mexico and its institutions would be a free-market economic model,” Torres said. Lopez Obrador’s economic views seem to have evolved. He has softened his initial opposition to opening the energy sector to private investment, Pena Nieto’s landmark reform. A top aide told Reuters last week that Morena welcomed further private investment in the energy sector, even while the party plans to focus on building refining capacity. As mayor, he ran a largely business-friendly administration in Mexico City from 2000-2005. He has sought to moderate his image with the private sector, placing a prominent businessman on his campaign team. “We will work with whoever wins the election in the end - this is not about the coming two, three, four or five years, it is about long-term,” Hector Grisi Checa, chief executive officer of Spanish bank Santander in Mexico, told reporters this month. Still, the candidate’s presence could make for some forced smiles in Acapulco. Lopez Obrador has vowed to clamp down on financial crimes such as money laundering and tax evasion, and he has not been shy about blaming banks. “Banks and financial institutions aren’t victims, but rather those principally responsible for, and benefiting from, the total lack of control in money laundering,” a policy plan produced by his campaign said. 
968903654911762432	2018-02-28 17:40:07	https://t.co/6FhM6tltHZ	U.S. House passes bill to penalize websites for sex trafficking https://t.co/6FhM6tltHZ https://t.co/YhKgrHtEVe	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives on Tuesday overwhelmingly passed legislation to make it easier to penalize operators of websites that facilitate online sex trafficking, chipping away at a bedrock legal shield for the technology industry. The bill’s passage marks one of the most concrete actions in recent years from the U.S. Congress to tighten regulation of internet firms, which have drawn heavy scrutiny from lawmakers in both parties over the past year due to an array of concerns regarding the size and influence of their platforms. The House passed the measure 388-25. It still needs to pass the U.S. Senate, where similar legislation has already gained substantial support, and then be signed by President Donald Trump before it can become law. Speaker Paul Ryan, in a statement before the vote, said the bill would help“put an end to modern-day slavery here in the United States.” The White House issued a statement generally supportive of the bill, but said the administration“remains concerned” about certain provisions that it hopes can be resolved in the final legislation. Several major internet companies, including Alphabet Inc’s Google and Facebook Inc, had been reluctant to support any congressional effort to dent what is known as Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act, a decades-old law that protects them from liability for the activities of their users. But facing political pressure, the internet industry slowly warmed to a proposal that gained traction in the Senate last year, and eventually endorsed it after it gained sizeable bipartisan support. Republican Senator Rob Portman, a chief architect of the Senate proposal, said in a statement he supported the House’s similar version and called on the Senate to quickly pass it. The legislation is a result of years of law-enforcement lobbying for a crackdown on the online classified site backpage.com, which is used for sex advertising. It would make it easier for states and sex-trafficking victims to sue social media networks, advertisers and others that fail to keep exploitative material off their platforms. Some critics warned that the House measure would weaken Section 230 in a way that would only serve to further help established internet giants, who possess larger resources to police their content, and not adequately address the problem. “This bill will only prop up the entrenched players who are rapidly losing the public’s trust,” Democratic Senator Ron Wyden, an original author of Section 230, said.“The failure to understand the technological side effects of this bill - specifically that it will become harder to expose sex-traffickers, while hamstringing innovation - will be something that this Congress will regret.” 
968901180310122501	2018-02-28 17:30:17	https://t.co/D8hvJ48KST	Google launches Slack competitor Hangouts Chat https://t.co/D8hvJ48KST https://t.co/l9QpBwAjCr	 SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Google released an update to its internet chat tool Hangouts on Wednesday, aiming to make it suitable in workplaces so the Alphabet Inc unit can compete with business software makers including Microsoft Corp and Slack Technologies Inc. Hangouts Chat supports instant messaging across devices between workers, including group conversations. It also allows users to integrate widgets to access data from other corporate software in a chat window. Google announced the service last March, but told Reuters it would be available to all customers for the first time on Wednesday. Hangouts Chat sits in Google’s G Suite, a workplace software package that includes email and word-processing tools, for which more than 4 million businesses globally pay as much as $25 per user each month. [L1N1OB23X] Hangouts launched as a free service in 2013. But Google began tuning it for businesses when the company expanded enterprise sales efforts and sought to bring customers many of the same features it has internally. “I see this as the second incantation of Hangouts,” Scott Johnston, director of product management at Google, said in an interview.“We want to move toward helping people move faster at work.” But businesses have other options. Chat app Slack has signed up 50,000 paying teams as workers adopt more robust alternatives to email for long-distance communications. Microsoft’s Teams provides similar functionality in its Office 365 package, which is well ahead of G Suite in customers. Microsoft held about 37 percent, and Slack about 5 percent, of the nearly $2 billion global market for collaboration software in 2016, according to research firm IDC. Google is keeping a free version of Hangouts as it does for Gmail and Docs. The paid version of Hangouts supports group conversations with up to 8,000 participants. Messages save indefinitely by default, though granular controls are available. Companies can link their databases with Hangouts Chat. For instance, teams at Google have integrated their bug-tracking, employee directory and IT support systems. Or customers can pick among integrations with software from Salesforce.com Inc, Dialpad Inc and Kayak. They also can use Google-developed artificial intelligence services, such as a meeting scheduler tool that sets group meeting times based on its understanding of individuals’ work habits. Google is bringing similar artificial intelligence to its calendar software, with a system that suggests a meeting location after analyzing a company’s conference room listings and seating chart. Hangouts Chat also pairs with Hangouts Meet, teleconferencing software that Google released last year. 
968899596633206786	2018-02-28 17:23:59	https://t.co/83RpPeJafe	German captured by security forces in Afghanistan: local official https://t.co/83RpPeJafe	 LASHKAR GAH, Afghanistan (Reuters) - Afghan security forces in the southern province of Helmand have captured a German national during a raid on a suspected Taliban bomb-making compound, a local official said on Wednesday. If confirmed, it would be a rare example of a European national fighting on the side of the insurgents in Afghanistan, which has not had the same influx of Western foreign fighters seen in Syria or Iraq. Omar Zwak, the provincial governor’s spokesman, said the man, who was carrying documents identifying him as a German citizen, was taken along with two other suspected insurgents on Monday night in a compound in Gereshk district, north of the provincial capital Lashkar Gah. The man was being questioned but initial details suggested that he was not a prisoner of the insurgents and had been taking part in making roadside bombs, Zwak said. There was no immediate comment from the German Foreign Ministry in Berlin. The Taliban, fighting to drive foreign forces out of Afghanistan and reimpose their vision of strict Islamic law, have not been associated with foreign fighters from Europe in the way that the Islamic State movement in Syria and Iraq has. While fighters from neighboring countries including Pakistan and Uzbekistan have been present in Afghanistan, U.S. commanders say no significant numbers of militants from other regions such as Europe have been identified. General John Nicholson, the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan, said no more than a“smattering” of other foreigners had been seen with the local affiliate of Islamic State. “A very small number. This is no comparison to what we saw in Iraq and Syria,” he told reporters on Saturday. 
968895141271490561	2018-02-28 17:06:17	https://t.co/NnoPA6BoYa	Merkel ally favors new election if SPD rejects coalition https://t.co/NnoPA6BoYa	 MUNICH (Reuters) - The leader of Chancellor Angela Merkel’s Bavarian allies, Horst Seehofer, said on Wednesday that Germany should hold a new election if members of the Social Democratic Party (SPD) voted against a new coalition with her conservative bloc. The SPD’s 464,000 members are voting in a postal ballot on whether to endorse their party leadership’s decision to renew for another four years the‘grand coalition’ that took office in 2013. The result of the postal ballot is due on Sunday. A poll released on Wednesday showed a narrow majority - 56 percent - of SPD voters in favor of a re-run of the grand coalition. However, the poll surveyed a far broader group than the party members taking part in the decisive ballot. The conservatives, comprising Merkel’s Christian Democratic Union (CDU) and Seehofer’s Christian Social Union (CSU), only embarked on coalition talks with the SPD after negotiations with two smaller parties failed last November. “If the second attempt at a government now fails, then we should have new elections,” Seehofer told reporters in Munich, adding that he was against a minority government. Senior officials from the CDU, CSU and SPD planned to meet on Thursday — before the SPD ballot has ended — to iron out outstanding issues on the formation of a coalition government, party sources said. The SPD members ballot runs until Friday. The idea of a conservative minority government in the event of an SPD rejection has gained credence within the CDU as some party members fear a snap election could result in further gains for the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD). The AfD overtook the SPD for the first time in an opinion poll earlier this month, when it scored 16 percent. In September’s election the AfD won 13 percent of the vote, enabling it to enter parliament for the first time, while both the conservatives and the SPD registered their worst showing for decades. The CDU approved the coalition deal with the SPD on Monday, bringing closer a fourth term for Merkel as well as an end to political limbo in Europe’s preeminent power. The chancellor said she hoped the SPD would also back the deal. She has been more guarded on the issue of a minority government since November, when she said after the breakdown of coalition talks with the business-friendly Free Democrats and environmentalist Greens that she would prefer new elections to leading one. 
968895141120442369	2018-02-28 17:06:17	https://t.co/fVEke4CM5q	U.N. body says Guantanamo detention of Pakistani has no legal basis https://t.co/fVEke4CM5q	 GENEVA (Reuters) - A Pakistani man held at the U.S.-run Guantanamo Bay detention facility since 2006 should be released immediately and given a right to compensation, the U.N. Working Group on Arbitrary Detention said on Wednesday. The detention of Ammar al-Baluchi is arbitrary, breaches international human rights law and has no legal basis, according to a written opinion by the group of five independent experts, who report to the U.N. Human Rights Council. The United States has said al-Baluchi’s detention is lawful. Al-Baluchi, a Kuwait-born citizen of Pakistan also known as Abdul Aziz Ali, is the nephew and an alleged co-conspirator of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, the accused mastermind of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. “Mr. al Baluchi has been subject to prolonged detention on discriminatory grounds and has not been afforded equality of arms in terms of having adequate facilities for the preparation of his defense under the same conditions as the prosecution,” the experts said. The U.S. judicial system normally affords detainees the guarantees of due process and a fair trial, but he had been denied those rights, an act of discrimination based on his status as a foreign national and his religion, they said. His detention contravened at least 13 articles of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the group added. The five members of the group are José Antonio Guevara Bermúdez from Mexico, Elina Steinerte from Latvia, Leigh Toomey from Australia, Seong-Phil Hong from South Korea and Sètondji Roland Adjovi from Benin. U.S. military spokeswoman Navy Commander Sarah Higgins reaffirmed the U.S. view that it has the right to detain him, but declined for now to offer a broader rebuttal. “The U.S. government has the legal authority to detain al Baluchi. Until we have time to analyze the basis of their claim, we will delay further comment,” Higgins told Reuters. In December, another expert mandated by the U.N. Human Rights Council, the U.N. special rapporteur on torture Nils Melzer, said he had information that al-Baluchi was still being tortured, years after Washington banned“enhanced interrogation techniques.” The Pentagon said at the time that the allegation was not true, and such claims had been investigated on several occasions, and no credible evidence had been found. The prison, which was opened at the U.S. military base at Guantanamo, Cuba by President George W. Bush to hold terrorism suspects captured overseas after the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks, came to symbolize harsh detention practices that opened the United States to international accusations of torture. His successor Barack Obama reduced the inmate population at Guantanamo Bay to 41 from 242, but fell short of fulfilling his promise to close the jail. President Donald Trump asked Congress last year for funds to upgrade the detention center, having said during his electoral campaign that he wanted to“load it up with some bad dudes.” The Working Group, which has previously expressed concerns about Guantanamo Bay to the U.S. government, said its closure must remain a priority, adding that systematic imprisonment in violation of the rules of international law may constitute crimes against humanity. 
968895141019824128	2018-02-28 17:06:17	https://t.co/ffMYzTlURI	Albania seizes 613 kilos of Colombia cocaine, holds two https://t.co/ffMYzTlURI	 TIRANA (Reuters) - Albanian police seized 613 kilos of cocaine hidden in a container of bananas from Colombia on Wednesday, they said, hailing it as the Balkan nation’s biggest haul of the drug ever and as a triumph for its law enforcement efforts. Albania is under heavy Western pressure to step up its fight against drug trafficking and other forms of organized crime as part of its bid to join the European Union. Sitting at the crossroads between eastern and western Europe, Albania remains a significant source country for marijuana, as well as a transit route for cocaine and heroin for European markets, the U.S. State Department has said. National police chief Ardi Veliu said the cocaine shipment, with a market value of 180 million euros ($219.96 million), had arrived at the port of Durres via Italy and Malta 10 days ago and had been closely watched by law enforcement bodies. “The Albanian authorities are still investigating with their foreign partners to discover all the links and persons involved in this criminal activity,” Veliu told reporters. Police said they had detained two suspects, both aged 25, and were hunting a third man. One of the detained people was the driver of a truck which had transported a double-floor container that concealed 528 numbered packages to a warehouse. “The state police is determined to strike with the power of the law at every criminal activity to build a calmer and safer Albania,” they said in a statement. ($1 = 0.8183 euros) 
968893533733163008	2018-02-28 16:59:54	https://t.co/QBUVRjKljU	Ex-first lady of Honduras arrested in corruption case: source https://t.co/QBUVRjKljU	 TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - Police arrested the wife of former Honduran President Porfirio Lobo on Wednesday on corruption charges including siphoning funds from social works programs for the poor, officials said. Rosa Elena Bonilla was detained at her residence on the outskirts of the capital Tegucigalpa, officials said. Police also arrested her brother-in-law and seized documents pertaining to graft accusations. Ana Maria Calderon, interim head of the Organization of American States’ (OAS) Mission to Support the Fight against Corruption and Impunity in Honduras (MACCIH) said Bonilla and others had embezzled 16 million lempiras ($680,000). “Mrs. Bonilla is accused, along with other former officials, ... [of] having created a money laundering network to hide money from the state that was earmarked for social works,” Calderon said. Late last year, Bonilla denied the corruption allegations after voluntarily testifying before prosecutors in the case. Her lawyer did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Wednesday. Calderon said Bonilla used part of the money to pay for family members’ educational fees and personal surgeries. Corruption scandals have led to a string of arrests in Central America in recent years, thanks to growing pressure from activists and backing from foreign powers. Bonilla was detained a day after U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley visited Honduras to talk about drug trafficking and corruption. Among the funds suspected of being embezzled were about $255,000 donated by Taiwan in 2013 for medical equipment, building materials for poor families and job programs, officials said. Bonilla is also being investigated by prosecutors for suspected anomalies in $330,000 that was designated for the purchase of shoes and uniforms for poor children, officials said. Earlier this month, the head of an anti-corruption commission backed by the Organization of American States resigned, citing a lack of support from authorities. Lobo was elected in late 2009 after a military coup ousted then-President Manuel Zelaya, and he served until 2014. The couple’s son, Fabio Lobo, was sentenced to 24 years in prison by a U.S. court last year after pleading guilty to charges of conspiring to import cocaine into the United States. 
968891156032638976	2018-02-28 16:50:27	https://t.co/OEvqlIxLEb	Merkel ally favors new elections if SPD rejects coalition https://t.co/OEvqlIxLEb	 MUNICH (Reuters) - The leader of Chancellor Angela Merkel’s Bavarian allies, Horst Seehofer, said on Wednesday that Germany should hold a new election if members of the Social Democratic Party (SPD) voted against a new coalition with her conservative bloc. The SPD’s 464,000 members are voting in a postal ballot on whether to endorse their party leadership’s decision to renew for another four years the ‘grand coalition’ that took office in 2013. The result of the postal ballot is due on Sunday. A poll released on Wednesday showed a narrow majority - 56 percent - of SPD voters in favor of a re-run of the grand coalition. However, the poll surveyed a far broader group than the party members taking part in the decisive ballot. The conservatives, comprising Merkel’s Christian Democratic Union (CDU) and Seehofer’s Christian Social Union (CSU), only embarked on coalition talks with the SPD after negotiations with two smaller parties failed last November. “If the second attempt at a government now fails, then we should have new elections,” Seehofer told reporters in Munich, adding that he was against a minority government. Senior officials from the CDU, CSU and SPD planned to meet on Thursday -- before the SPD ballot has ended -- to iron out outstanding issues on the formation of a coalition government, party sources said. The SPD members ballot runs until Friday. The idea of a conservative minority government in the event of an SPD rejection has gained credence within the CDU as some party members fear a snap election could result in further gains for the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD). The AfD overtook the SPD for the first time in an opinion poll earlier this month, when it scored 16 percent. In September’s election the AfD won 13 percent of the vote, enabling it to enter parliament for the first time, while both the conservatives and the SPD registered their worst showing for decades. The CDU approved the coalition deal with the SPD on Monday, bringing closer a fourth term for Merkel as well as an end to political limbo in Europe’s preeminent power. The chancellor said she hoped the SPD would also back the deal. She has been more guarded on the issue of a minority government since November, when she said after the breakdown of coalition talks with the business-friendly Free Democrats and environmentalist Greens that she would prefer new elections to leading one. 
968889894100783109	2018-02-28 16:45:26	https://t.co/Ll2n5hLPUR	Russian hacker group breached German ministries, took data: media https://t.co/Ll2n5hLPUR	 BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany said on Wednesday hackers had breached its government computer network with an isolated attack that had been brought under control and which security officials were investigating. A spokesman for the German Interior Ministry said the affected government agencies had taken appropriate measures to investigate the incident and protect data. “The attack was isolated and brought under control within the federal administration,” which oversees government computer networks, he said in a statement, adding that the authorities were addressing the incident “with high priority and significant resources”. The spokesman said he could give no further details immediately due to security and analysis measures that were still under way. He did not comment on German media reports that the attack was launched by Russian hacker group APT28, which had already attacked the German parliament in 2015. The reports said the group managed to steal data from the Foreign and Defence Ministries in the latest attack. The ministry did not say when the attack took place. German media reported it happened in December. German security sources said authorities had been aware of the incident for some time, but the Defence Ministry and the German military were not affected. Jens Zimmermann, the Social Democrats’ (SPD) spokesman for digital issues, said the German parliament’s Digital Agenda committee had agreed unanimously to hold an extraordinary meeting, likely to be on Thursday. “The federal government must inform parliament comprehensively,” he tweeted. German Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen declined to comment about the reports during an appearance in London. News of the attack on German government computers comes after repeated warnings by German intelligence officials about possible meddling by Russia in last year’s federal election. The head of the German domestic intelligence agency last year said such attacks had not occurred, but the risk of interference remained until a new government is in place. Germany’s Social Democrats are voting by postal ballot on an agreement to form another “grand coalition” with Chancellor Angela Merkel’s conservatives, with the results to be made public on Sunday. If they reject the tie-up, Germany could face new elections or the formation of a minority government for the first time in its post-war history. Western governments and security experts have linked the hacking group known as APT28 or Fancy Bear to a Russian spy agency, and have blamed it for operations including an attack on the Democratic National Committee ahead of the 2016 U.S. elections and the German lower house of parliament in 2015. German officials have blamed APT28 for the May 2015 hack of the German lower house of parliament, the Bundestag, and other cyber attacks aimed at political groups, Merkel and other individuals, or institutions. Moscow has previously denied in any way having been involved in cyber attacks on the German political establishment. Top German intelligence officials have urged lawmakers to give them greater legal authority to “hack back” in the event of cyber attacks from foreign powers. 
968888550472155136	2018-02-28 16:40:06	https://t.co/AiCPa4w3ri	Special Report: WHO cancer agency 'left out key findings' in benzene review https://t.co/AiCPa4w3ri https://t.co/HgrRxVZx9D	 LONDON (Reuters) - In the spring of 2015, chemical engineer Melvyn Kopstein wrote to the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) to alert it to what he thought were serious flaws in its work. Kopstein believed the agency, a semi-autonomous part of the World Health Organization, had made errors in reviewing benzene. The agency had underplayed human exposure to the carcinogenic chemical, he believed, and it needed to correct matters. Three years on, he’s still trying to get IARC to address his concerns. In emails seen by Reuters, the agency agreed with Kopstein that its review of benzene had limitations; but an email from one of its senior scientists also said:“We do not plan to amend (it) or take any further action.” Kopstein, from Maryland in the United States, has decades of experience in analyzing evidence on chemicals. He says he was taken aback.“It was totally unexpected,” he said in an interview.“After all, they – IARC – are supposed to be the go-to source around the world of unbiased scientific information on the carcinogenicity of products and chemicals.” It’s a tale that sheds new light on how the cancer agency operates, and comes at a time when it is facing scrutiny from U.S. lawmakers over its methods and transparency. Reuters revealed last year how IARC, in reviewing the weedkiller glyphosate, excluded some data and findings that the chemical was not linked to cancer in people: In other words, how the agency may have overplayed evidence of carcinogenicity. In the case of benzene, Kopstein claims IARC did not consider important evidence that exposure to the chemical is higher than IARC suggests: In other words, he argues, the agency may have underplayed potential cancer risks. The disclosures are significant because they give rare insight into IARC’s methods. The agency does not publish details of how it makes its assessments and forbids observers invited to its meetings from talking publicly about the proceedings. The Kopstein dispute centers on a report - Monograph 100F - in which IARC classified benzene as able to cause cancer in humans, but said people’s potential exposure to it at work had generally been below recommended daily limits since the 1980s. In Kopstein’s view, the agency failed to properly evaluate the evidence on human exposure to benzene. Millions of workers around the world – from car mechanics to cabinet makers to shoemakers, print workers and painters – use benzene-containing products such as adhesives, solvents and cleaning agents, sometimes in poorly-ventilated factories or workshops. In the United States, some workers are pursuing personal injury lawsuits claiming serious harm from benzene. Kopstein has acted as an expert witness for plaintiffs who believe exposure to benzene in products at work made them ill. He says peer-reviewed scientific evidence shows that occupational exposure to benzene can be significantly higher than IARC’s assessment suggests. When he became aware in 2015 of the detail of IARC’s benzene assessment, he wrote to the agency. In emails spanning several months, reviewed by Reuters, a senior IARC staffer and a scientist involved in IARC’s assessment of benzene told Kopstein that the agency’s evaluation of the chemical did indeed have limitations. Kurt Straif, the head of the IARC“Monograph” unit that assesses the carcinogenicity of substances, said the exposure section of the benzene study was“condensed” due to cost and time constraints, and was not intended to be“exhaustive.” Martyn Smith, a member of the IARC working group that reviewed benzene and other substances, told Kopstein in an email the review had“tried to cover too much ... so I’m not surprised it has left out key findings or focused on the wrong studies.” Smith did not respond to Reuters requests for comment. IARC’s monographs – scientific reviews that classify human carcinogenic hazards – are cited by governments, courts and regulators worldwide as the reference“bible” of what causes, probably causes, and possibly causes cancer in people. Yet here were IARC insiders telling Kopstein that one of its own reviews was not comprehensive. Kopstein regards such limitations as a serious flaw because, he says, government regulators, public health officials and others need“balanced and accurate” information from IARC. Reuters sent questions to IARC’s Straif this month and the agency replied on his behalf. In response to whether its assessment of benzene had shortcomings, IARC said it did not.“In general, the exposure section of the IARC monographs does not contribute to the overall evaluation of the agent,” the agency said in an emailed response to Reuters.“Therefore, the section on exposure is not intended to exhaustively review the existing literature, but to describe human exposure situations that are pertinent to the evaluation.” (In other words, IARC’s classification of a substance depends on animal and human studies of its ability to cause cancer, not on how much people are exposed to it.) What troubled Kopstein most, he said, was IARC’s reluctance to take action, even though the agency knew its statements on benzene exposure were being cited in litigation in the United States, and even though Kopstein was not the only scientist to have raised concerns about them. Another expert in the field had already published a commentary also saying the assessment was flawed because it was based on an incomplete review of the scientific evidence. In a“note to reader” in its report covering benzene, IARC, which is based in Lyon, France, says that“every effort” is made to ensure its monographs are conducted as accurately as possible but that“mistakes may occur.” It asks any readers who find errors to communicate them to staff at its monograph section,“so that corrections can be reported in future volumes.” Yet in an email on April 28, 2015, Straif told Kopstein there was no plan to amend the IARC monograph that evaluated benzene. Dissatisfied, Kopstein decided to make his exchanges with the cancer agency public. He told Reuters:“IARC is foolishly burying its head in the sand, assuming this is going to go away. But I’m a very obstinate person. I’m going to see this through.” Despite its global influence, IARC is a relatively small organization with a budget of 43 million euros ($53 million) a year. The agency is funded by around 24 IARC member states, and since 1985 has received more than $48 million from American taxpayers via grants from the U.S. National Institutes of Health. Some $22 million of the NIH funding has gone to IARC’s monograph program. Since 1971, IARC has looked at more than 1,000 substances and has designated many as unclassifiable in terms of cancer-causing potential. It has classified around 500 as either carcinogenic, probably carcinogenic, or possibly carcinogenic to humans. Only one substance – an ingredient in nylon called caprolactam – has been classified by IARC as probably not causing cancer. Some of the agency’s assessments – particularly recent ones on red and processed meats, coffee, the weedkiller glyphosate and mobile phones – have sparked global controversy and fueled investigations into IARC by U.S. congressional committees. Last year’s Reuters reports on IARC’s glyphosate assessment also provoked strong reactions, from both activists opposed to genetically-modified crops and business-friendly Republicans in the United States. The passions reflect the influence of IARC’s monographs, and how interest groups across the political spectrum seek to exploit them to their own advantage. The agency’s monograph reviews also regularly play a part in so-called“toxic tort” litigation cases in the United States – personal injury lawsuits in which plaintiffs claim that exposure to a chemical or substance caused them injury or disease. One report cited in litigation is IARC’s Monograph 100F – the findings of a review conducted in 2009 of 33 chemicals, including benzene, and occupations related to them. The 100F benzene assessment had already attracted criticism from Peter Infante, one of the expert scientists on the IARC working group that had carried out the assessment. Infante, who has studied benzene for 40 years, was formerly a director at the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration, which sets standards for workplace safety. He was dissatisfied with the way IARC’s assessment had been conducted and with its result. In 2011, he published a detailed critique in the American Journal of Industrial Medicine, which said the IARC benzene assessment was the result of an“incomplete review and discussion of the data,” and that some of its conclusions were“contradictory.” He recommended that IARC hold a further monograph meeting dedicated to a full review of benzene on its own. Infante, who also frequently testifies as an expert witness for workers in benzene litigation, declined to comment for this story. In response to Infante’s 2011 critique, Straif, the head of IARC’s monograph program, sent a joint letter with two other senior IARC staff to the journal. It said that the 2009 IARC meeting had suffered from restraints on time and resources, but that the discussions on benzene had been“the most extensive discussions at the meeting” and that IARC had“great confidence” in the ability of its expert panels“to reach sound evaluations.” In answer to questions from Reuters this month, IARC said its 2011 letter had responded to Infante’s concerns. That letter, published as a commentary in the same journal as Infante’s critique, also said IARC was planning to schedule a benzene-only review to examine the chemical in more depth. Yet several years later, nothing had changed – as Kopstein discovered while working on litigation involving benzene. In late 2014 and early 2015, he was an expert witness in two cases where people who had worked with benzene were claiming their exposure to it had caused them to become sick. In one case, plaintiffs were suing their employer for compensation, and in the other, they were suing product manufacturers. Kopstein was an expert witness for the plaintiffs. Experts for the defendants cited IARC’s 100F benzene review, conducted in 2009, whose full findings had been published in 2012. IARC told Reuters it had no control over how its assessments are used in litigation. In the 100F review, IARC had classified benzene in its highest rank of human carcinogens – Group 1 – mainly due to evidence that it can cause leukemia. But digging into its detail on potentially hazardous exposure, Kopstein found the IARC assessment relied heavily on a few studies which, he says, suggested the majority of occupational exposure levels were generally low. The studies did this, he says, because they limited their examination to products, such as honing oil used in grinding metal, which contained only small amounts of benzene and were not commonly used. So, while IARC was correctly gauging the danger of benzene itself, he concluded, the agency was giving unrealistically low estimates of how much of the carcinogen workers are exposed to in everyday jobs. Like Infante before him, Kopstein struggled to understand why IARC had given little regard to wider scientific evidence on benzene exposure. He also wondered why nothing appeared to have changed despite Infante’s concerns and IARC’s response to them. There had been no benzene-only review conducted; IARC’s 2009 assessment remained unaltered; IARC staff had not sought to alert readers of Monograph 100F to its potential limitations; and the monograph was being cited in litigation by companies seeking to show that workers suing them had not been unreasonably exposed to benzene. Kopstein took the matter up with Straif, the head of IARC’s monograph section, first writing to him on March 18, 2015. Getting no response, Kopstein followed up with a series of further emails – to Straif; to IARC’s director, Chris Wild; and to some of the agency’s U.S. funders. He says he received little substantive response.“It was clear to me that they didn’t take me seriously,” Kopstein said. IARC told Reuters it had“responded to all of the scientific issues Dr Kopstein raised.” Kopstein disputes that claim. Kopstein also sought the attention of Martyn Smith, another experienced expert witness in U.S. litigation cases who has also served on IARC working groups. Smith promised to discuss Kopstein’s concerns with Straif and get back to him. In an email to Kopstein on May 15, 2015, Smith said Monograph 100F had“tried to cover too much (too many chemicals)” and“was hurriedly put together.” The task on benzene alone was substantial: There were at least 20 years of new scientific literature to review since the last time IARC had assessed evidence on the chemical in 1987. “So I’m not surprised it has left out key findings or focused on the wrong studies,” Smith wrote in his email to Kopstein.“The problem now is how to correct it given all the other things IARC is doing with very limited resources.” Smith did not respond to Reuters requests for comment. Straif, too, eventually replied to Kopstein. In a June 2015 email he said the exposure section of the benzene monograph had been“condensed” to“contain cost,” and that the review of the scientific literature on exposure was not“exhaustive.” Straif assured Kopstein:“Your recent correspondence and suggested literature sources will certainly be considered if the carcinogenicity of benzene is re-evaluated in the future.” Nothing happened in time for the two legal cases involving Kopstein and people claiming they had been harmed by benzene exposure. The cases were settled out of court with undisclosed agreements. An opportunity to address the limitations of Monograph 100F came in October last year when IARC fulfilled its 2011 promise to Infante by holding a benzene-only review. For a week, 27 scientists selected by Straif and other IARC staff met at the agency’s headquarters in Lyon. Kopstein had written a critique of the Monograph 100F benzene review, which he had published in the peer-reviewed scientific journal New Solutions. Knowing the meeting was coming up, he sent the critique in an email on Sept. 16, 2017, to the scientists due to be on the IARC panel the following month. He wanted them to be able to read about his concerns and take them into account. On Sept. 18, he also sent the critique to Straif and IARC director Chris Wild. Asked by Reuters whether the working group for this new benzene review – known as Monograph 120 – had considered Kopstein’s views, IARC indicated that it didn’t. It said Kopstein’s article was a commentary, not a study.“The Working Group of the Vol. 120 Monographs meeting considered all scientific articles eligible,” IARC said.“This includes original data published in scientific journals, but not commentaries and letters to the editor as these are viewpoints.” Kopstein said this was contrary to what Straif told him in the 2015 email which promised his correspondence and suggested literature sources would“certainly be considered.” A summary of the October 2017 meeting’s conclusions, published online in the Lancet Oncology journal on Oct. 26, said benzene would remain classified by IARC as a Group 1 human carcinogen, mainly due to evidence that it causes leukemia. On exposure – the section criticized by Kopstein for lacking rigor and detail – the IARC summary had only brief, unreferenced statements. It said the working group experts had“noted” that benzene exposures in indoor and outdoor settings had generally declined. According to Kopstein, the statements are“totally at odds” with the published evidence he has pointed out to IARC and cited in his correspondence with IARC staff.“It showed me that IARC was not interested in arriving at the facts and communicating the facts to governments around the world,” he told Reuters. Infante, the benzene expert and former Occupational Safety and Health Administration director who criticized IARC’s 2009 benzene review, has continued to work with IARC and supports the agency’s monograph program. He was asked to attend the October 2017 meeting as an“observer” and, IARC said, was allowed to speak at it but not to vote on the review’s conclusions. IARC forbids observers from recording events or talking publicly about what goes on at its meetings. IARC says this is intended to“provide an atmosphere conducive to free and frank discussion.” In several emails to Infante, Reuters asked whether he was satisfied with the outcome of the 2017 benzene review, and in particular with the section on exposure, which says“benzene concentrations have declined over time” and that occupational exposures are less than 1 part per million. Infante declined to answer. IARC told Reuters it and its working group members“stand fully behind the scientific integrity of the process and the evaluations” of the 2017 benzene review. 
968886349305663491	2018-02-28 16:31:21	https://t.co/sbiVbhGden	Thousands of displaced Iraqis sent home despite risks: report https://t.co/sbiVbhGden	 BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi authorities are forcing thousands of displaced people to return to their home areas too soon despite the risk of death from booby-traps or acts of vigilantism, a report by refugee aid groups said on Wednesday. Managing more than 2 million Iraqis displaced by the war against Islamic State is one of the Baghdad government’s most daunting tasks after it declared victory against the militant group in December. Delays in moving people back to their home areas could force a postponement of Iraq’s May 12 parliamentary election as the refugee camps are not fit to host polling stations. “... it is clear that many of the returns taking place are premature and do not meet international standards of safety, dignity, and voluntariness,” three refugee aid groups said in a joint report. At least 8,700 displaced Iraqis in predominantly Sunni Muslim Anbar province were forced to return from camps to their areas of origin in the final six weeks of 2017, it said. In two of five camps the aid groups collectively oversee, 84 percent of displaced Iraqis said they felt safer in the camp than in their area of origin. More than half said their houses were damaged or totally destroyed and only 1 percent said they knew for sure their houses were available for return. One in five people who left a third camp came back later after facing retribution and threats in their areas of origin. “It’s tragic to think that people feel safer in camps than in their homes when this conflict has supposedly ended,” said Petr Kostohryz, Iraq country director for the Norwegian Refugee Council, one of the aid groups that compiled the report. “There can be no hope for peace in Iraq if the authorities cannot guarantee that people can go back home safely.” The government’s spokesman could not immediately be reached for comment on the report, which the International Rescue Committee and the Danish Refugee Council also helped to compile. Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said this month that some forced returns may have taken place but that they were “individual cases” and the result of decisions by specific provincial governors as opposed to federal government policy. Reuters reported last month that Iraqi security forces were forcibly returning civilians from refugee camps to unsafe areas in Anbar province. In one case a woman was killed when an explosive went off in the home she was forced to return to. Her daughter was badly burned and her husband lost one eye and sustained severe injuries in another. 
968886074146770944	2018-02-28 16:30:15	https://t.co/EF19NZ8JYo	Firms' relocations in EU should be prevented if involve social dumping- Tajani https://t.co/EF19NZ8JYo https://t.co/Ypiry5Djzf	 BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Parliament’s president, and possible next prime minister of Italy, said a planned relocation of a white goods maker from Italy to Slovakia should be blocked if it involved“social dumping”, even if no state aid rules were breached. Embraco, a Brazil-based firm controlled by U.S. domestic appliance maker Whirlpool, has announced it will close a factory in northern Italy and relocate to Slovakia, a hot issue ahead of Sunday’s Italian election. After a complaint from the Italian government, the European Commission said it was looking into the possible use of illegal state aid by Slovakia to encourage Embraco to relocate, but stressed it needed more information before judging the situation. [nL8N1QB539]. Asked whether the EU should refrain from acting if no state aid rules were breached, Antonio Tajani told reporters in Brussels:“Social dumping is not conceivable even if there is no breach in the use of European funds.” Social dumping can involve luring foreign firms with lower wages and laxer regulation. Slovakia denies giving the company any investment aid. Former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi said he planned to propose Tajani as prime minister if his centre-right bloc wins Sunday’s Italian election. [nL8N1QH5KK] The EU has limited powers on labour law, but has tried to tackle some forms of social dumping with rules on undeclared work and working mobility. The parliament legislates on these issues together with member states and the European Commission. After meeting a delegation of Embraco’s workers who would lose their jobs in Italy because of the relocation, Tajani said he would contact authorities in Brazil and the United States later on Wednesday to urge“an intervention”. He said he will also try to convince Whirpool’s executives that the move could damage the company’s reputation in Europe. “I hope they will understand that those who want to operate in Europe have to respect some rules, including the protection of workers,” Tajani said. 
968884136860704768	2018-02-28 16:22:33	https://t.co/GS3RlXAuQ4	Italy's 5-Star presents would-be cabinet team ahead of election https://t.co/GS3RlXAuQ4	 ROME (Reuters) - Italy’s 5-Star Movement has named its team of ministers if it is asked to form a government after Sunday’s election, an unusual move aimed at stealing a march on its rivals and showing voters it is ready for power. The anti-establishment party leads in most recent opinion polls, with about 28 percent of the vote, but is highly unlikely to be able to govern on its own, so it remains to be seen if any of its candidates will actually become ministers. Nonetheless, 5-Star leader Luigi Di Maio has sent the ministerial list to President Sergio Mattarella in what he called an“act of transparency” in contrast with the back-room horse trading that often marks post-election government formation in Italy. “This time Italians will not have to vote without knowing what they are getting,” he said late on Tuesday after presenting four of his would-be ministers on a television talk show. Opponents dismissed the move as a publicity stunt. “Ministers must be presented after the election when the president has picked a prime minister,” said Matteo Renzi, leader of the ruling Democratic Party.“Doing it before is more about getting newspaper headlines than respecting the rules.” The vote is widely expected to produce a hung parliament, and polls suggest the only group with any chance of getting a parliamentary majority is a center-right coalition built around the 81-year-old, four-time prime minister Silvio Berlusconi. 5-Star says if no party or coalition has enough seats to govern on its own, and it is the largest party, Mattarella should ask Di Maio to try to form a government - though the president is under no obligation to do so. Under 31-year-old Di Maio, elected leader in September, 5-Star has rowed back on its previous refusal to form alliances with mainstream parties and now says it is willing to negotiate with them on policy, though not over cabinet positions. 5-Star has been gradually releasing the names of its ministerial candidates since Sunday in an effort to set the media agenda in the last week of campaigning. On Wednesday it presented Domenico Fioravanti, who won two swimming gold medals at the Sidney Olympics in 2000, as its choice for sports minister. Previously named candidates, for the ministries of industry, labor, the civil service, the environment and agriculture, include three university professors, a general from the Carabinieri police and a senior agriculture ministry official. The choices are meant to refute accusations of inexperience and incompetence often leveled at 5-Star by its critics. On Thursday, Di Maio will present the rest of his aspirant team, including the key posts of economy minister, foreign minister, interior minister and defense minister. He has said the last three will all be women. 
968879431505928192	2018-02-28 16:03:52	https://t.co/C7nUq9mVKD	Nine killed in Saudi-led air strike attacks in Yemen, residents say https://t.co/C7nUq9mVKD	 DUBAI (Reuters) - Air strikes killed nine civilians and wounded at least 6 on Wednesday in two separate attacks in north and west Yemen by the Saudi-led coalition fighting against the Houthi movement, residents told Reuters. The Saudi-led coalition, which has intervened in Yemen’s war since 2015 to try to restore president Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi to power, has conducted frequent air strikes and has often hit civilians, although denies ever doing so intentionally. The Houthis, a movement derived from northern Yemen’s Zaidi Shi’ite Muslim community, have controlled much of Yemen including the capital Sanaa since driving Hadi out three years ago. Saudi Arabia and its Sunni Muslim allies say the Houthis are aligned with Shi’ite Iran and pose a threat to the region. Residents said four civilians had been killed in an airstrike in the suburbs of the northern city of Saada, the main Houthi stronghold. Five girls were killed in another airstrike that targeted a field in the west of the country, in the western Hodeidah district. On Tuesday, airstrikes killed five civilians in north of the country. The war has killed more than 10,000 people, displaced more than 2 million and driven the country - already the poorest on the Arabian Peninsula - to the verge of widespread famine. 
968873454928789504	2018-02-28 15:40:07	https://t.co/B0znMabbEj	Facebook expands presence in jobs market https://t.co/B0znMabbEj https://t.co/SaWG9o34BV	 (Reuters) - Facebook Inc said on Wednesday it was expanding the jobs section on its social network, as it looks to compete in a market dominated by Microsoft Corp’s LinkedIn. The expansion marks the tool’s international rollout a year after it was launched in the United States and Canada. The tool will now be available to users in 40 countries, Facebook said in a statement. The company also said it plans to invest about $1 billion in its teams, technology and new programs in 2018. 
968872833844695040	2018-02-28 15:37:39	https://t.co/2WHfG8boYj	Narrow majority of SPD voters for German 'grand coalition': poll https://t.co/2WHfG8boYj	 BERLIN (Reuters) - A narrow majority of German Social Democrat (SPD) voters are in favor of a re-run of the party’s‘grand coalition’ with Chancellor Angela Merkel’s conservatives, a poll released on Wednesday showed. The SPD’s 464,000 members - a smaller group than those who vote SPD - are deciding in a postal ballot whether to endorse their party leadership’s decision to govern with Merkel for another four years. The ballot results are due on Sunday. The YouGov survey for the RND media network showed 56 percent of SPD supporters - or voters - backed a re-run of the so-called‘grand coalition’ with Merkel’s conservative bloc. 
968870142548631552	2018-02-28 15:26:57	https://t.co/JrwoXz6J7Z	Vatican studying ways to speed up sexual abuse cases https://t.co/JrwoXz6J7Z	 VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope Francis is studying how to speed up the handling of allegations of sexual abuse by clergy, the Vatican said on Wednesday, after a high-profile case in Chile put a new spotlight on the scandal. The topic was a main point of discussion in three days of meetings between the pope and a group of nine cardinals from the around the world who gather four times a year at the Vatican to discuss reform, Church finances and other issues. Vatican spokesman Greg Burke said they had discussed“various options” to shorten procedures in cases of abuse. They are currently handled by the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith (CDF), the Vatican’s doctrinal department. Burke said that among the options discussed was to decentralize procedures by setting up regional tribunals that would hear cases under the auspices and guidance of the CDF. The CDF hears canonical cases, applying Church laws that could lead to the defrocking of accused priests if found guilty. The Church procedures are distinct from criminal procedures in civilian courts in places where the crime is committed. Cardinal Sean O’Malley of Boston, the city where the worldwide crisis of sexual abuse first exploded, and a key adviser of the pope, is studying the decentralization proposal. The proposal followed intense criticism of the pope for defending a bishop in Chile accused of covering up sexual abuse. During his trip to the South American nation last month, Francis at first rejected accusations that Bishop Juan Barros had hidden information about the abuse of minors by his mentor, Father Fernando Karadima. After his return from Chile, Francis did an about-face and dispatched Archbishop Charles Scicluna of Malta, one of the Church’s most experienced sexual abuse investigators, to Santiago to hear more testimony in the Barros case. Barros, appointed by Francis to the diocese of Osorno in 2015, has said he was unaware of any wrongdoing by Karadima. Karadima always denied the allegations. After a Church trial in 2011, the Vatican banned Karadima from public ministry and ordered him to follow a life of prayer and penitence, but he avoided criminal prosecution because under Chilean law too much time had elapsed since the offences. Now 87, he still lives in Chile. While Scicluna was sent to Chile to hear testimony in the Barros case, during his visit Catholics who say they were abused by members of other religious orders came forward and asked him to investigate their cases as well. 
968866769392820224	2018-02-28 15:13:33	https://t.co/gzpmbPx09i	EU expects to govern Northern Irish trade after Brexit unless London finds solution fast https://t.co/gzpmbPx09i	 BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union on Wednesday laid out how it would regulate Northern Ireland’s trade if no better solution was found in the fast-closing window before Britain’s departure from the EU, prompting furious reactions in London and Belfast. Brussels’ chief negotiator Michel Barnier, presenting the EU’s draft of an exit treaty for Britain, denied that the proposal, intended to avoid a disruptive EU-UK“hard border” on the island of Ireland, would loosen Northern Ireland’s constitutional ties to the rest of the United Kingdom. But British leader Theresa May told her parliament that no prime minister could ever agree to these terms as they would“threaten the constitutional integrity of the UK”. The hardline Democratic Unionist (DUP) allies in Belfast on whom she relies for a slim majority denounced the EU draft as“constitutionally unacceptable” and“economically catastrophic” as it would distance Northern Ireland from mainland Britain. Establishing a“common regulatory area” with Ireland and 26 other EU states, as the draft treaty proposes, would in effect keep the British province in a customs union with the bloc. “Northern Ireland shall be considered to be part of the customs territory of the Union,” read the draft, which some diplomats characterised as a clear bid by Brussels to seize the initiative and drive negotiations forward on its terms. Barnier said Britons should not be surprised by a text that merely translated an interim accord with London into legal language. And he said the border proposal was only a“backstop” solution, which could be changed if Britain offered alternatives along the lines of those it hinted at during talks in December. Britain’s vote to leave the EU has undermined one of the pillars of a 1998 settlement that ended decades of violence in Northern Ireland between mostly Catholic Irish nationalists and Protestant unionists favouring continued union with Britain. In Dublin, Foreign Minister Simon Coveney echoed Barnier, saying the draft was“absolutely faithful” to the December accord and“should not be a surprise to anybody”. Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said it was up to May and the DUP to come up with their own solutions if they did not like it. Barnier rammed home that“time is short” before Britain will be out of the EU in exactly 13 months. He called on May to“pick up the pace” of negotiations so that a withdrawal treaty, including terms for keeping the status quo during a two-year transition, could be agreed this autumn and ratified by March. As the rhetoric on both sides has taken a more irritable turn, and negotiations have stalled since the interim accords in December, Barnier said he was“preparing for every situation” in case Britain, the continent’s second-biggest economy, lurches out of the Union without a deal after 46 years. One EU diplomat said Barnier and his team had“switched gear into attack mode” and had agreed with Dublin on a tactic to push Britain on from December’s fudge on the Irish border. Britain wants the border issue settled as part of an overall EU-UK trade deal which Brussels will only start discussing with it in April. May, who will lay out her vision for the future trading relationship with the EU on Friday, said she would work to protect UK unity in the negotiations. She again ruled out an EU-UK customs union - something that her Labour opponents advocate as a way to avoid disruptive controls at the Irish land border. “Overall the work has been progressing well in recent weeks,” her spokesman said.“This is just a draft document ... and we will be having discussions where we don’t agree in the coming months.” Unionists fear new barriers with the British mainland could increase the chances of Ireland, which broke from British rule a century ago, absorbing Northern Ireland, most of whose 1.8 million people are entitled to Irish, and hence EU, citizenship. Barnier conceded there might be new checks on trade between Northern Ireland and the mainland - but definitely no“border”. The Democratic Unionist Party’s Nigel Dodds, however, said Barnier’s“ludicrous” plan“will not go anywhere”. Barnier dismissed suggestions that the draft was an attempt to“shock” Britons into concluding a deal, insisting that his sole goal was to avoid a disorderly divorce.“There is no arrogance here,” he said. The draft treaty sees a joint EU-British committee overseeing the arrangements but the European Court of Justice remaining the ultimate authority to resolve disputes. Asked why the draft made no mention of a section in December’s EU-UK joint report that there should be no regulatory divergence between Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Barnier said it was because that was an internal British matter. He restated his view that the proposals for future trade that May is expected to make on Friday - to maintain a mixture of common and different regulations with the EU - were not acceptable.“There will be no cherry-picking,” he said. Barnier said he would engage in a new round of negotiations next week and would also meet leaders of Northern Ireland. He also said“significant divergences” remained in talks on a transition period, and so a deal, which both sides hope to clinch in March to calm business nerves, was“not a given”. Supporters of Brexit argue that Britain will benefit from no longer being bound by EU rules and can do more trade with the rest of the world, while opponents say the prospect of new barriers to trade in Europe is already damaging its economy. May’s government got a boost on Wednesday when Japanese carmaker Toyota confirmed plans to build a new model in England. 
968866767081701376	2018-02-28 15:13:32	https://t.co/kt5j277o0G	Czech PM asks police oversight chief to resign, denies link to subsidies probe https://t.co/kt5j277o0G	 PRAGUE (Reuters) - The head of the Czech Republic’s police oversight body GIBS said on Tuesday he had been asked to resign by Prime Minister Andrej Babis and that the government began an inquiry into the agency’s use of public funds. The case has raised a political flap as the police, overseen by GIBS, have been investigating Babis and several others over allegations that he fraudulently obtained 2 million euros in European Union business subsidies a decade ago. Babis, a billionaire, denies any wrongdoing and on Wednesday denied that his call for Murin to step down had any connection with the police investigation into subsidies obtained for the Stork Nest conference center project. Murin, who was appointed in December 2015 by the previous government in which Babis served as finance minister, said he had two meetings with the prime minister in February. “The reason for the (requested) resignation from GIBS is an alleged loss of confidence on the prime minister’s part,” Murin said in a statement posted on the agency website.“The prime minister suggested the end of February as a suitable date, when it would happen without further scandal.” Murin did not say whether he would resign or not. On Monday, the Finance Ministry began an investigation into GIBS’s handling of public funds in 2016-17, the ministry said. Chief State Attorney Pavel Zeman told news website Aktualne.cz on Wednesday there had been long-term shortcomings at GIBS, but declined to elaborate. Babis denied any connection between the subsidies investigation and his effort to remove Murin. “Some of you are again running the Stork Nest campaign, although there is no connection. I have serious and substantiated doubts about (Murin’s) professional and moral integrity as director of GIBS,” he told reporters. Given his legal troubles, Babis has struggled to find partners to form a new government in the central European country after his minority administration lost a vote of confidence in parliament last month. 
968863547148111873	2018-02-28 15:00:44	https://t.co/3oZh96eBh6	Romania's president says sacking of anti-corruption chief 'far away' https://t.co/3oZh96eBh6	 BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Romanian President Klaus Iohannis said on Wednesday a dismissal of the chief of the anti-corruption prosecutors was “increasingly farther away”, as the agency’s annual report showed more than 700 officials had been convicted of graft. The DNA agency report comes a week after Justice Minister Tudorel Toader called for Laura Codruta Kovesi’s dismissal, saying she had exceeded her authority and damaged the country’s image abroad. Toader’s request drew thousands of anti-corruption protesters onto the streets. The country’s judicial watchdog, which must discuss any such dismissal, rejected his request. The president has the final say and has backed Kovesi. DNA sent roughly 1,000 people to trial last year, Kovesi said, including three ministers, six lawmakers and two deputy ministers. A third of defendants were accused of European Union funds fraud. At the same time, DNA prosecutors won 713 convictions, including for four lawmakers, 28 mayors and 30 managers of state institutions and companies. Some trials were years old. The numbers were slightly lower than the year before. “Under the given conditions, it is obvious we are far away from a dismissal. Increasingly farther away,” Iohannis told reporters. “The figures don’t lie, they are cold and objective.” “We’re witnessing an attempt ... to manipulate with an aim of discrediting DNA and to subordinate the justice system to politics. That is inadmissible.” Transparency International ranks Romania among the European Union’s most corrupt states and Brussels, which keeps its justice system under special monitoring, has praised magistrates for their efforts to curb graft. Investigations have shown some public works contracts are overpriced, and some payments are made for fictitious works. “Although we uncover and send to trial more defendants for corruption deeds, public budgets fraud continues,” Kovesi said. 
968860151158521856	2018-02-28 14:47:15	https://t.co/lswfYuLnhs	Morning Briefing: Kushner barred from the president’s briefing https://t.co/lswfYuLnhs Subscribe to NewsNow for mor… https://t.co/iEuIcHINqP	 Good morning. Catch up with today’s briefing featuring Kushner’s push from the president’s briefing, the Russia probe’s Hicks hiccup and Kim Jong Un’s fake Brazillian passport. For all the news you need to start your day, subscribe to the News Now newsletter. The best of Reuters news delivered right into your email box absolutely free. Highlights It’s a tumultuous time for the White House youth contingent. Jared Kushner’s security clearance has been downgraded, barring him from access to the president’s daily intelligence briefing, and close Trump aide Hope Hicks refused to answer questions from the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee about her time with the administration. World stocks were set to snap a record 15-month long winning streak today, tumbling another quarter percent after new Fed boss Jerome Powell’s comments suggested the possibility of four U.S. interest rate rises this year rather than three. Reanna Frauens, a lifelong gun enthusiast and a proud member of the Markham Skeet, Trap & Sporting Clays Club, is about the same age as many of the 17 victims killed by a shooter with an assault rifle at a Florida high school about a dozen miles away. But unlike many of the survivors of the massacre, the 16-year-old sees a nascent, student-led campaign for tighter gun controls as a threat to her rights under the U.S. Constitution. World North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and his late father Kim Jong Il used fraudulently obtained Brazilian passports to apply for visas to visit Western countries in the 1990s, five senior Western European security sources told Reuters. Syrian government forces and allied militias gained ground in clashes with rebels in eastern Ghouta near Damascus as fighting raged despite a Russian ceasefire plan, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported. Some of South Sudan’s 6,000 schools opened for a new academic year this month - but the government does not know how many. Teachers have not been paid. Many of them, and their pupils, are on the run after four years of fighting. In the capital, classrooms are filled with hungry displaced families. Emails from its own scientists show the International Agency for Research on Cancer failed to comprehensively review evidence on human exposure to the cancer-causing chemical benzene. The agency has not remedied matters, despite its findings being used in U.S. court cases and relied upon around the world. Jerusalem’s Church of the Holy Sepulchre, revered as the site of Jesus’s crucifixion and burial, reopened after Israel backtracked yesterday from a tax plan and draft property legislation that triggered a three-day protest. Commentary Removing China's presidental term limits have set up Xi Jinping to continue ruling for the rest of his life, writes Peter Marino. Business EU antitrust regulators are set to approve with conditions German drug and crop chemical maker Bayer’s $62.5 billion bid for world No. 1 seed company Monsanto, two people familiar with the matter said today. Amazon has agreed to buy video doorbell maker Ring, the companies said today, in what analysts see as a growing bet on delivering packages inside of shoppers’ homes and on home security. For years, General Motors resisted calls from South Korean officials to cut interest rates it was charging on nearly $3 billion in loans to its loss-making South Korean unit, according to three sources and documents seen by Reuters. Formula 1 is launching a new TV streaming product that it says will put fans in control of their race viewing experience, letting them watch from their favorite driver’s perspective or tracking battles for position. Read more tech news and coverage from the Mobile World Congress here. Reuters TV Chinese smartphone manufacturer Huawei has used the artificial intelligence technology in its Mate 10 Pro phone to drive a Porsche Panamera, controlling the vehicle to react to objects ahead of it. It all comes as tech firms showcase their latest innovations at the Mobile World Congress. 
968858349491113991	2018-02-28 14:40:05	https://t.co/vd3ULr6bb8	In Japan, Twitter sees a surge of users - and revenue https://t.co/vd3ULr6bb8 https://t.co/4D5ojCDI06	 TOKYO/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Riding a wave of new users, improved advertising options and an embrace of video content by users and advertisers alike, Twitter Inc’s (TWTR.N) revenue has leaped in Japan, helping lead the company to its first quarterly profit. Earlier this month Twitter reported that sales in Japan jumped 34 percent in the last three months of 2017, compared with a year earlier, to $106 million. In Japan, Twitter’s success in converting users into revenue - a problem that has vexed the social network since its founding - has raised hopes it might lead to broader growth across the company. Investors and analysts, however, point to Japan-specific factors that may not be replicable elsewhere. The company seems to be innovating at a local level instead of simply localizing U.S. services, as is common at other tech firms, said Ryo Sakai, a senior planner for the interactive media division at Asatsu-DK Inc (9747.T), Japan’s third-largest advertising agency. “I get the impression that Twitter has, in the past year or two, been responding flexibly to advertisers’ requests,” he said. At the same time, the company has attracted more eyes in Japan: user numbers rose to about 45 million in October from about 40 million just over a year earlier. The reasons for that are complex, but ad industry executives say Twitter’s policy of allowing aliases and the idea of tweeting - sometimes translated as“muttering” in Japanese - allows Japanese users to express their opinions in a culture that tends to be outwardly reserved. “There is an ease to anonymity,” says Motohiko Tokuriki, chief marketing officer at Agile Media Network, which advises companies on the use of social media. Twitter has moved beyond text and pictures, offering rich video advertising options and providing an alternative to rivals such as Facebook Inc (FB.O), says Shinya Kobori, manager for the Twitter group at Dentsu Digital Inc, part of Japan’s largest advertising agency, Dentsu Inc (4324.T). The popularity of video on Twitter has been evident during the Winter Olympics. National broadcaster NHK’s video of figure skater Yuzuru Hanyu’s gold-medal-winning short program was watched more than 4 million times and shared 125,000 times. Facebook, which lagged home-grown rival Mixi Inc (2121.T) in the early days of social networks, has failed to dominate Japan as it has in the United States and Europe. Twitter now makes $2.36 per Japanese user, compared with $5.97 per user in the United States, according to data from the fourth quarter of 2017. That is nearly twice the $1.24 in revenue per non-U.S. user overall. Twitter has continued to grow its Japanese mobile user base over the last 18 months even as Facebook struggles to expand its app users numbers, data from Nielsen shows. And for advertisers targeting a population that has tuned out television, Twitter offers an attractive option: around three quarters of Japanese students over the age of 18 use it, compared with around a quarter on Facebook, according to Nielsen. With smartphones“overwhelmingly” used for social activities like watching video, demand for video advertising has been“explosive” says Masahiro Ajisawa, Japan-based senior director at Twitter Client Solutions. Japanese consumers were late to embrace smartphones but have accelerated their purchases, with domestic sales hitting a record high of 32 million units last year, data from the Tokyo-based MM Research Institute shows. Under the Twitter model, advertisers pay to push their tweets into the feeds of users who may watch the video, retweet to their followers or click through to the advertiser’s website. Many of the websites of traditional media lack the latest ad options, and video-savvy net media have not taken root to the same extent in Japan as in countries like the U.S., said Yoshiya Nakamura, executive analyst at Nielsen Digital.Digital spending is on the rise, with the ad market for internet media growing 15 percent to 1.5 trillion yen in 2017 - its fourth straight year of double-digit expansion - compared with a 2.3 percent fall to 2.8 trillion yen for traditional media, according to Dentsu. The importance of Japan to Twitter is reflected by its choice to be one of three countries, along with the U.S. and the U.K., chosen for Twitter’s new“promote mode,” a subscription service that allows smaller business to pay to boost their tweets. Although Twitter expects its Japan growth to continue, it is less clear whether the success will be replicable elsewhere. One possibility could be the Middle East, where revenue per user remains low despite a large number of users, said Ross Gerber, chief executive of U.S. investment firm Gerber Kawasaki. 
968857082354196481	2018-02-28 14:35:03	https://t.co/3oX85UwkPg	Maldives denies Japan's allegation that it breached North Korean sanctions https://t.co/3oX85UwkPg	 COLOMBO (Reuters) - Maldives on Wednesday denied a Japanese foreign ministry statement that said a Maldives-flagged vessel was used to illegally transfer goods from a North Korean-flagged tanker in defiance of U.N. Security Council resolutions. The Japanese statement said the“Chon Ma San”, designated by the United States as a sanctions target, was spotted by a surveillance plane with the Maldivian-flagged tanker“Xin Yuan 18” some 250 km (160 miles) east of Shanghai on Saturday. It said“Japan strongly suspects that the vessels conducted ship-to-ship transfers” banned by U.N. Security Council resolutions. Maldives government denied that Xin Yuan 18 is of Maldivian origin and said“no such vessel is registered in the country.” “We condemn ... the use of our national flag in a manner so as to tarnish the good standing and reputation of our nation,” the Maldives government said in a statement. It said Maldives has prioritized the implementation of all U.N. Security Council resolutions including those on North Korea. Authorities do not allow flags of convenience to foreign owned vessels to operate outside Maldivian waters, it said, adding that the government was investigating. “The Maldives will pursue aggressive action against any such acts which affects the national identity in such a detrimental manner,” it said. The Maldives is facing a political crisis that has hurt tourism, its main revenue source and any international action could hurt its economy further, analysts say. It is the fourth time Japan has suspected such an illegal transfer in recent weeks and comes as Washington and key Asian allies preparer to expand the interceptions of ships suspected of violating North Korean sanctions. North Korea last year conducted dozens of missile launches and its sixth and largest nuclear test as it pursues its goal of developing a nuclear missile capable of reaching the United States, triggering deeper U.N. Security Council sanctions. Washington on Friday slapped sanctions on dozens more companies and vessels linked to North Korea’s shipping trade and urged the United Nations to blacklist some entities to shut down smuggling aimed at obtaining oil and selling coal. 
968856859896664064	2018-02-28 14:34:10	https://t.co/M6oXAtVral	Canada gravely concerned by Myanmar's jailing of journalists https://t.co/M6oXAtVral https://t.co/sd2CXj6RO5	 GENEVA (Reuters) - Canada is gravely concerned by the imprisonment of two Reuters journalists in Myanmar, Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland told the U.N. Human Rights Council on Tuesday, adding that ethnic cleansing had taken place in Myanmar’s Rakhine state. “For true democracy to flourish, fundamental freedoms such as freedom of the press must be respected. That is why Canada is gravely concerned by the imprisonment of two Reuters journalists who dared to report on the crimes in Rakhine state,” she said. Freeland, a former editor of Thomson Reuters Digital, was speaking at a meeting of the U.N. council in Geneva. Reuters journalists Wa Lone, 31, and Kyaw Soe Oo, 27, were detained on Dec. 12 over allegations they violated Myanmar’s colonial-era Official Secrets Act. Court proceedings are under way to decide whether the pair will face charges under the act, with the next hearing scheduled for Wednesday. The two reporters had been working on a Reuters investigation into the killing of 10 Rohingya Muslim men who were buried in a mass grave in northern Rakhine state after being hacked to death or shot by ethnic Rakhine Buddhist villagers and soldiers. After Reuters published its report on the killings on Feb. 8, calls have mounted for the release of the two reporters. Nearly 700,000 Rohingya have fled Rakhine state since Myanmar’s military launched a crackdown in late August in response to militant attacks. Myanmar has denied that ethnic cleansing has taken place, and said its troops were engaged in legitimate counterinsurgency operations. With reference to the Reuters journalists, Hau Do Suan, Myanmar’s ambassador to the United Nations, said this month that Myanmar recognized freedom of the press and the journalists were not arrested for reporting a story, but were accused of“illegally possessing confidential government documents.” 
968851680619106304	2018-02-28 14:13:35	https://t.co/WzonPlIBpL	Ukraine president says expects delivery of U.S. weapons in weeks https://t.co/WzonPlIBpL	 KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said on Wednesday he expected the first shipment of weapons from the United States in the next few weeks. In December, the United States angered Moscow when it approved the provision of weapons to support Ukraine in its nearly four-year-old conflict with pro-Russian rebels. In response to a question about when the delivery would take place, Poroshenko said talks with the United States about this topic had been progressing well. “The first delivery should happen in a very few weeks,” he said at a news conference in Kiev. Russian officials have said the decision to supply weapons to Ukraine is dangerous as it would encourage Kiev to use force in the eastern conflict zone. The United States says the weapons it plans to supply, which include Javelin anti-tank missiles, would help stabilize the situation and cannot effectively be used to take territory. More than 10,000 people have been killed since April 2014 in a conflict that pits Ukrainian forces against Russian-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine. Intermittent clashes continue despite a notional ceasefire and diplomatic peace efforts. 
968849469059076097	2018-02-28 14:04:48	https://t.co/OFmXuh8MZK	Juncker tells squabbling Bosnians: unite if you want to join EU https://t.co/OFmXuh8MZK	 SARAJEVO (Reuters) - European Commission chief Jean-Claude Juncker told Bosnia’s divided leaders on Wednesday they must overcome their differences and work closely together if they want their country one day to join the European Union. Juncker, who is touring the Western Balkan nations, received from the Bosnian officials a completed questionnaire on the country’s readiness to join the EU. They hope it will help lead to Bosnia gaining the status of an EU candidate later this year. “I cannot promise you a date for when your country becomes a candidate,” Juncker, speaking in French through an interpreter, told the Bosnian political establishment assembled for the handover ceremony.“The essence is more important than the date.” “It requires joint efforts for a state to become a member,” he later told lawmakers in the national parliament.“When there are differences, it leads to paralysis, it leads to delays.” After the bloody breakup of Yugoslavia in the 1990s, Bosnia was split into two highly autonomous regions - a federation of Muslim Bosniaks and Croats and the Serb Republic. They are linked via a weak central government that includes a three-member inter-ethnic presidency. Bosnia applied for EU membership 18 months ago but after some initial progress political quarrels among its rival Orthodox Serb, Catholic Croat and Muslim Bosniak leaders have stalled the reform process. It took 14 months for its multiple administrations to agree responses to more than 3,000 questions relating to the compatibility of Bosnia’s economic, legal and social systems with EU standards. “I am sorry to see that many regard this process as a technical one when it is rather about accession to a way of living together,” Juncker said.“This is a political project and for this we need you to unify forces in this country.” Juncker urged the lawmakers to agree on changes to the election law which are seen as crucial for the formation of governments after a national election in October, warning that without them, progress on the EU path will be endangered. He also called on Bosnia to tackle organized crime and corruption, and to resolve its all territorial conflicts. “We cannot import instability... Democracy does not exist without compromise,” Juncker added. Bosnia, along with Kosovo, is the last in the queue of the EU aspirants in the Balkans and hopes to catch up with other countries that are at a more advanced stage of integration, including Albania, Macedonia, Montenegro and Serbia. The ex-Yugoslav republics of Croatia and Slovenia are already EU members. 
968847221360820224	2018-02-28 13:55:52	https://t.co/osOqAskQoe	Indonesia brings together former militants and attack survivors https://t.co/osOqAskQoe	 JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesia’s anti-terrorism agency on Wednesday held a controversial meeting of 124 former Islamic militants and 51 survivors of a string of attacks in the country, including the deadly Bali bombings. The gathering was part of a broader deradicalization push by authorities in the world’s biggest Muslim-majority country, which has pioneered new initiatives to tackle the problem. Chusnul Kotimah, who was badly burned in the 2002 Bali nightclub bombings, which killed 202 people, said she was prepared to forgive those behind the attacks. “I can accept the situation. I can forgive them,” she told Reuters at the event in a central Jakarta hotel, adding that she had told former militants that as a fellow Muslims there was no justification for such terror. Nonetheless, the head of a survivors’ group who decided not to go criticized holding a mass meeting under the glare of the media. Other survivors said they needed more support and medical help from authorities. “The mass reconciliation by BNPT (Indonesia’s anti-terrorism agency) is too risky for the victims, in terms of their mental state and psychology, and for their trauma,” said Sucipto Hari Wibowo, co-founder of the Indonesian Survivors Foundation and a survivor of the 2004 Australian embassy attack in Jakarta. But Indonesia’s chief security minister, Wiranto, who uses one name like many Indonesians, said he wanted such events to be held regularly. Also attending were the country’s social, higher education and manpower ministers, who pledged to help survivors with health care and employment. A former militant said meeting survivors had helped him understand the suffering of attack victims. “I think this is the most effective way of deradicalization, because in the past there were some terrorists who (until they met the victims) were not aware that their deeds were wrong,” said Sofyan Tsauri, who was convicted of supplying weapons to a militant training camp in the province of Aceh. Indonesia has suffered a series of major militant attacks over the years, the worst of which was the 2002 Bali bombing, which spurred Western nations offer help in forming an elite counter-terrorism unit that has proved effective. But recent years have seen a resurgence in home-grown militancy, largely inspired by Islamic State. Hundreds of Indonesians are believed to have traveled to Syria to join the group, but many have returned as it has lost territory. It was only human to still hold on to anger, said Deny Mahieu, a police officer wounded in the right leg during 2016 bomb and gun attacks in central Jakarta, after meeting one of the suspects in his case. “But... if we still feel vengeful it will not solve the problem,” he said. (Corrects gender in third and fourth paragraphs to she, not he) 
968843923912261633	2018-02-28 13:42:46	https://t.co/WkavjqD1Pb	Six aid workers killed in Central African Republic attack: UNICEF https://t.co/WkavjqD1Pb	 DAKAR (Reuters) - Unidentified assailants killed a UNICEF employee and five other education workers in an attack in the Central African Republic, the United Nations children’s agency said on Wednesday. The attack took place on Sunday as the group was traveling to the northeastern town of Markounda, located in a remote region near the Chadian border, where they were to train local teachers. All those killed were Central African citizens and included a UNICEF education consultant, two education ministry officials and three members of a local UNICEF partner organization. “We strongly condemn this senseless act against aid workers who were there to improve the lives of the most vulnerable populations,” UNICEF’s West and Central Africa Regional Director Marie-Pierre Poirier said in a statement. UNICEF did not say who carried out the attack but militia violence in the Central African Republic has intensified over the past year, making it one of the world’s deadliest countries for humanitarian workers. Unknown assailants killed six Red Cross volunteers in the southeast last August, barely a month after another worker was shot dead by an unidentified armed group in the town of Bangassou. 
968842839173017601	2018-02-28 13:38:27	https://t.co/jv7GOJMLCZ	Venezuelan opposition coalition decries Falcon presidential bid https://t.co/jv7GOJMLCZ	 CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela’s opposition coalition decried a decision by a former state governor to run against President Nicolas Maduro in elections in April, accusing him on Wednesday of undercutting their strategy of boycotting the vote. Henri Falcon, 56, a former military man who broke with the ruling socialists in 2010 to join the opposition, launched his candidacy in defiance of the Democratic Unity coalition’s policy of not fielding candidates to isolate Maduro. “With this step, Henri Falcon abandons the (Democratic) Unity and the Venezuelan people’s democratic sentiment,” the coalition said in a series of angry tweets. “We cannot legitimize a fraudulent election system. We call on Venezuelans to keep fighting for democratic change.” Opponents say Maduro, 55, has rigged the April 22 presidential vote by ensuring his most popular rivals - Leopoldo Lopez and Henrique Capriles - are barred from standing. Hard-line protest leader Lopez is under house arrest accused of fomenting violence in anti-Maduro demonstrations in 2014, while Capriles is prohibited from holding offices on a charge of“administrative irregularities” when he was a state governor. Both men say the accusations were made up to sideline them. Critics also accuse authorities of skewing the field by barring opposition parties from using their party names, failing to reform the pro-Maduro election board, and keeping hundreds of thousands of Venezuelans abroad off the electoral register. Falcon, however, has decided to challenge the president he calls the“hunger candidate” in reference to Venezuela’s dire economic crisis. He hopes to benefit from widespread dissatisfaction with Maduro and the ruling Socialist Party during a fifth year of recession that has left millions hungry, caused widespread shortages, and fueled a migration exodus. “I speak in the name of millions of Venezuelans whom the government promised paradise but gave hell, with a failed and illegitimate model that has plunged us into the most horrible misery of the last 100 years,” Falcon said on Wednesday. “We must win this election because people do not surrender. They fight, suffer and rise up.” Given his roots within“Chavismo” - as the ruling movement is known after former President Hugo Chavez - Falcon may appeal to some government supporters, although many also view him as a traitor for having jumped to the opposition eight years ago. On the other hand, many opposition supporters are also angry with Falcon for deciding to run, saying he is a sellout who is being exploited by Maduro to give legitimacy to a sham election. One recent poll, however, bucked the consensus of most political analysts by showing Falcon would in fact have a real chance of defeating Maduro. The survey of 1,000 people in early February, by local pollster Datanalisis for Wall Street investment bank Torino Capital, said that in a two-way race Falcon would defeat Maduro by 45.8 percent to 32.2 percent of likely voters. Several other minor figures have registered for the election, but have little chance of making an impact. Maduro’s overall approval rating was up 4.4 points to 26.1 percent, the poll showed, citing the impact of government handouts including food bags, while Falcon’s rating was 38.7 percent. Falcon styles himself a center-leftist, seeking to combine business-friendly economic policies with strong welfare programs. Western nations and a dozen Latin American neighbors have been highly critical of the April election, saying Maduro was depriving Venezuelans of fair voting conditions. Washington is considering slapping oil sanctions on the OPEC nation if Maduro presses ahead without reforms. Maduro says Venezuela’s election system is clean, and accuses the United States of leading a right-wing international conspiracy to end socialism and take over his nation’s oil. 
968840354404470785	2018-02-28 13:28:35	https://t.co/mGOD770s0E	At least 15 people killed in Egyptian train crash https://t.co/mGOD770s0E	 CAIRO (Reuters) - At least 15 people were killed and 40 others were injured in a train crash on Wednesday in Egypt’s northern province of Beheira, the official news agency MENA said, citing the transport ministry spokesman. Two passenger carriages separated from one train and collided with a cargo train, the provincial security director told MENA. Prime Minister Sherif Ismail ordered the transport minister to visit the scene and take action as details of the causes of the accident emerge, a cabinet statement said. Egyptians have long complained that successive governments have failed to enforce basic safety standards for the railways. A string of crashes have further inflamed public anger over the antiquated transport network. A collision in August killed 42 people and injured more than 100 people. 
968839262912372736	2018-02-28 13:24:15	https://t.co/CbCoW6IMCE	Culture minister resigns after journalist murder shakes Slovakia https://t.co/CbCoW6IMCE	 PRAGUE (Reuters) - Slovak Culture Minister Marek Madaric, a long-time senior member of Prime Minister Robert Fico’s Smer party, resigned on Wednesday following the murder of an investigative reporter that has shocked the country. Separately, two Slovak officials named in the last report of journalist Jan Kuciak, who specialized in exposing fraud and cronyism, said in a statement that they had resigned pending the outcome of the investigation into his murder. The two - national security council secretary Viliam Jasan and Maria Troskova, an aide to Prime Minister Robert Fico - denied having anything to do with the killing. Kuciak’s last report alleged that the two had links with an Italian businessman before they entered government. His report did not suggest any wrongdoing by either of them. Their announced resignation followed calls from Justice Minister Lucia Zitnanska and opposition leaders for their dismissal. Kuciak, 27, reported on suspected crimes by businessmen, some of whom had connections with Slovak politicians. He and his girlfriend were found shot dead at the weekend, and police said the killings were likely over his work. Madaric, the culture minister, told a televised news conference in the capital Bratislava: “Plainly said, I cannot as culture minister put up with a journalist being murdered during my tenure.” Kuciak’s killing was the first of a journalist in Slovakia and the fifth such case concerning a reporter or reporters in the European Union in the past decade, according to Reporters Without Borders (RSF). Last October, Maltese anti-corruption blogger Daphne Caruana Galizia was killed by a car bomb. His final report looked into alleged connections between Italian businessmen in eastern Slovakia and Italian mafia groups, and into alleged abuses of EU subsidies. The report was a collaborative effort with the international Organized Crime and Corruption Reporting Project (OCCRP), the Czech Center for Investigative Journalism and the Investigative Reporting Project Italy. Kuciak’s murder angered a nation where media revelations of links between businessmen and politicians have long sparked outrage. Opposition parties held a protest rally over Kuciak’s killing in Bratislava on Wednesday afternoon, and another protest was scheduled in several cities for Friday. Top Slovak politicians have also had run-ins with the media. In 2016 Fico called journalists “dirty, anti-Slovak prostitutes” when asked about allegations of public procurement rules being broken during Slovakia’s then-EU presidency. Fico, who has been in power for 10 of the last 12 years, has pledged to fight corruption and cronyism though himself has been criticized for renting an apartment from a property developer who is under investigation for suspected tax fraud. Last year, thousands protested in Bratislava seeking the resignation of Interior Minister Robert Kalinak over business dealings with the developer. Both have denied wrongdoing. 
968837278532538368	2018-02-28 13:16:21	https://t.co/utkWGxtWmI	Mali investigating accusations its troops executed civilians https://t.co/utkWGxtWmI	 BAMAKO (Reuters) - Mali’s government has said it is investigating accusations by an opposition party that the army kidnapped and executed seven civilians in the center of the country last week. The opposition SADI party accused the army of executing the men, who had been attending a religious celebration in the village of Nangarabakan in the Segou region on Feb. 21. The victims included an imam and family members of the village chief, SADI said. In a statement late on Tuesday, the government confirmed that civilians had been killed during a search and sweep operation in central Mali, which has been ravaged by Islamist militants’ attacks, and that it had ordered an investigation. “The government expresses its condolences to the bereaved families and reiterates its determination to pursue operations ... with strict respect for human rights rules and international humanitarian law,” the statement said. Islamist groups seized control of Mali’s vast northern territories in 2012 before being driven back by a French-led military intervention. They have since regrouped and spread into the more populated center of the country, winning recruits by playing on local grievances such as rights abuses by the army. A report by campaign group Human Right Watch last September accused the Malian military of conducting extrajudicial killings, kidnappings, torture and arbitrary arrests against suspected sympathizers of jihadist groups. The government has acknowledged some abuses by its forces in the past but also rejects many allegations made by rights groups. Islamist militants have launched increasingly frequent attacks on civilians, Malian troops and U.N. peacekeepers in the center of the country in recent months, expanding their reach beyond their stronghold in the desert north. Six Malian soldiers were killed when their vehicle struck a land mine near the town of Dioura late on Tuesday, the army said in a statement, the latest in a series of mine attacks in the central Mopti region. The army did not say who they believed to be responsible for planting the landmine. 
968834442629349376	2018-02-28 13:05:05	https://t.co/PvvCDS5ai4	Trump urges prison reform, not sentencing overhaul after pushback https://t.co/PvvCDS5ai4 reports @ayesharascoe https://t.co/2qXlKh7PBH	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House on Tuesday urged U.S. lawmakers to move ahead with legislation to help prisoners prepare for life after release, but stopped short of calling for broader reforms such as changing mandatory minimum sentences for drug crimes. Arguing that a wider overhaul lacks congressional support, the Trump administration recommended more prison work programs, more partnerships with businesses to help ex-prisoners find jobs and more funding for programs to reduce state prison recidivism. No proposal was offered on sentencing reform - an issue that divides the Republican Party between“law and order” hardliners and moderates. That leaves Republican President Donald Trump stranded in the middle and, as is the case on other issues such as gun control and immigration, not firmly in either camp. “The sentencing reform part still does not have a pathway forward to getting done,” a White House official told reporters on a conference call.“By doing this in smaller bits and pushing prison reform now, this has a better chance of getting done.” The final parameters of the legislation will ultimately be decided by the Republican-controlled Congress, which may have difficulty passing a politically sensitive bill in an election year. In his State of Union address last month, Trump pledged to help give former prisoners a second chance, but he also consistently talks tough about handling drug dealers. Attorney General Jeff Sessions has balked at any moves to reduce sentences served by convicts. He angered Charles Grassley, the chairman of the powerful U.S. Senate Judiciary committee, when he wrote a letter earlier this month slamming a bill supported by Grassley that would reform sentencing. “Chairman Grassley is focused on passing sound policy, not the path of least resistance,” committee spokesman Taylor Foy said in response to the White House comments on Tuesday. Foy said Grassley’s office continues to have“productive” conversations with the White House on this issue. Some advocates have warned that solely reforming the“back end” of the justice system is not enough. “I don’t think there can be real criminal justice reform without reducing unnecessary incarceration,” Inimai Chettiar, of the Brennan Center for Justice at New York University, told Reuters in an interview earlier this month. Conservative groups, such as Koch Industries, and many of Trump’s evangelical Christian advisers support more expansive reforms, but have said they would back a narrower bill to help prisoners if that has a better chance of passing Congress. The White House arrived at its compromise proposal after almost a year of talks with religious leaders, lawmakers and advocacy groups on criminal justice, according to Reuters interviews with nearly a dozen outside advisers and advocates. Trump’s son-in-law and adviser Jared Kushner led the effort.“He’s really been the quarterback,” said Paula White, pastor of a Florida megachurch and longtime spiritual adviser to Trump. At a White House dinner in May for religious leaders, Kushner talked with guests about criminal justice reform. Johnnie Moore, a member of a White House evangelical advisory board, was seated at a table with Kushner and wife Ivanka Trump at the dinner. “We all started talking about all these other issues we’re concerned about. And I think to Jared and Ivanka’s surprise and to our surprise, we found we all cared a ton about this issue,” Moore told Reuters. Evangelicals, who view helping prisoners as a Biblical mandate, have pressed the White House for action. Sources familiar with the discussions said the White House is considering administrative proposals to help prisons partner with churches and other non-profits on job, housing and mentorship programs long before they are released. The American Conservative Union Foundation, which supports criminal justice reform, said it was cautiously optimistic that Congress would move ahead with legislation to help prisoners. “A lot of hard work has gone into this effort, and the White House principles on prison reform are a meaningful step,” said David Safavian, deputy director for the foundation’s Center for Criminal Justice Reform. 
968834189813534720	2018-02-28 13:04:05	https://t.co/6VwBhRZom5	'Forgetful' Myanmar witness in Reuters reporters' case writes key detail on his hand https://t.co/6VwBhRZom5	 YANGON (Reuters) - A witness in the case of two Reuters reporters jailed in Myanmar told a courtroom on Wednesday that he wrote notes on his hand about where the pair were arrested to jog his memory while giving testimony. The location of the arrests has emerged as a key point of contention in the proceedings to decide whether Wa Lone, 31, and Kyaw Soe Oo, 27, will be charged under the colonial-era Official Secrets Act, which carries a maximum penalty of 14 years in prison. At issue is whether they were arrested immediately after a pre-arranged meeting with police, or at a routine traffic stop. The reporters were detained on Dec. 12, after they said they were invited to dine with two police officers at a restaurant. On Wednesday, prosecution witness Kyaw Shein, a civilian neighborhood-level local official, said he was present when they were arrested at a police checkpoint, several hundred meters from the restaurant. His account of the arrest largely matched earlier testimony of police officers, who have told the court the reporters were arrested after they were stopped and searched at a checkpoint at the junction of No. 3 Main Road and Nilar Road, northern Yangon, by officers who were unaware they were journalists. The reporters have told relatives and their lawyers they were arrested almost immediately after being handed some papers at the Saung Yeik Mon restaurant by two police officers they had not met before. During cross examination, defense lawyer Than Zaw Aung asked Kyaw Shein to confirm that he had looked at his hand when asked by the prosecutor to state the place of arrest. Kyaw Shein first told the court he had written the name of one of the reporters on his hand to aid his memory. Lawyer Than Zaw Aung then reached through the wooden bars of the witness stand and turned Kyaw Shein’s left hand over. The judge also asked the witness to show him his hand. The defense lawyer then read for the record that the writing on his hand read:“Thet Oo Maung” - an alias for Wa Lone - and below it“No. 3 road and Nilar road junction”. Asked if someone had told him to write the address where police say the arrest took place, Kyaw Shein said no. He wrote on his hand because he was“forgetful”, he said. The government prosecutor, Kyaw Min Aung, declined to answer questions when approached by a Reuters reporter after the hearing on Wednesday. Government spokespeople have declined to comment on the case, citing the ongoing court proceedings. During Kyaw Shein’s testimony, the judge asked the court stenographer to record that the witness was taking a long time to respond to questions. Earlier on Wednesday, another civilian witness, Htay Htay Myint, owner of the Saung Yeik Mon, testified that she did not recognize Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo. She also said she was not aware of any dinner meeting, or of any arrest outside her restaurant that night. On cross-examination, she said she did not see the two reporters in her restaurant on Dec. 12, although she also said that from her position at the cash desk she would not have seen guests sitting at tables outside the restaurant. The two reporters had been working on a Reuters investigation into the killing of 10 Rohingya Muslim men who were buried in a mass grave in northern Rakhine state after being hacked to death or shot by ethnic Rakhine Buddhist villagers and soldiers. The military excavated the shallow grave in December, days after the reporters’ arrests, saying they had received a tip-off. Authorities are taking action against 10 members of the security forces and six villagers, according to a government spokesman. A handcuffed Wa Lone told reporters at the court that authorities would not have uncovered the killing if they had not got information from the reporters. “The role of an independent media is crucial to solve the Rakhine crisis,” Wa Lone said.“If we are not reporting about the right information, the government will not know the real situation on the ground.” Myanmar’s ambassador to the United Nations, Hau Do Suan, said this month that the journalists were not arrested for reporting a story, but were accused of“illegally possessing confidential government documents”. The judge adjourned the proceedings until March 7. 
968831929075331072	2018-02-28 12:55:06	https://t.co/AmBd5EWzYd	An economy in ruins leaves Gazans with hard choices https://t.co/AmBd5EWzYd https://t.co/YxDHZzc9Pc	 GAZA (Reuters) - The man who makes crisps, chocolate and vanilla snacks for Gaza had just finished explaining how his business was going through the worst economic crisis of his life when the lights went out, shutting down his factory. Again. Wael Al-Wadiya has been running his food manufacturing business since 1985 – in a Gaza Strip that was very different from the one in which he and two million other Palestinians now live. Back then Israeli settlers were still in Gaza, the Islamist militant group Hamas did not yet exist, and Palestinians were still two years away from the first of the uprisings against Israeli military occupation that introduced the word ‘Intifada’ to the world. Sitting in a slowly declining industrial estate near the fortified border with Israel, the 51-year-old confectioner says that Gaza has been brought to a near-standstill by a decade of Israeli-led blockades, and internal Palestinian divisions. “The situation is very miserable. People’s ability to buy has fallen to a minimum, therefore our businesses and businesses in Gaza are suffering as never before,” said Wadiya. He has cut production by 70 percent and wages by 30 percent. Employees who used to work each day now may work one day in three.“Unless a miracle happens, factories and companies will close down and it will be the real death of the economy,” he said. There has long been poverty in Gaza, but with unemployment now at 43.6 percent, according to the Palestinian Bureau of Statistics, even once-wealthy merchants are defaulting on debts, causing other businesses to collapse, like dominoes. Many in Gaza blame Israel for the hardships, accusing it of placing an economic blockade on the enclave that has drastically reduced the movement of people and goods. But Gazans also fault their own leaders, complaining of a power struggle between Hamas, the armed group that seized military power in Gaza in 2007, and Fatah, the secular party of Western-backed Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. Both Hamas and Fatah levy taxes. Both run competing bureaucracies. And even electricity has become a tool of political power - until recently the blackouts that plagued Wadiya’s factory were exacerbated by Abbas cutting money for Israeli current for Gaza. Fatah says Hamas exploits money it collects from electricity consumers for its own purposes. Israel, which pulled its settlers and soldiers out of Gaza in 2005, says it has been forced to control access to and from the territory to stop Hamas sending out gunmen and bombers, and from smuggling in weapons or material to make them. The Israeli military says that it carries out“constant calculated risk management” between allowing humanitarian aid through to Gazans, while contending with Hamas, which“attempts to exploit the aid intended for Gaza’s civilian residents”. A combination of war, isolation, and internal rivalries has left Gaza in its current state. Last year Abbas cut the salaries of 60,000 government employees in Gaza by 30 per cent, leaving them with little to spend in shops and markets after paying off bank loans. The sums of bounced checks in Gaza nearly doubled from $37 million to $62 million between 2015 and 2016, and then again to $112 million in 2017, according to the Palestinian Monetary Authority. This lack of buying power contributed to a drop in imports through the one remaining commercial crossing with Israel, with just 350 truckloads per day compared with 800 in the last quarter of 2017. Some merchants took a religious initiative in December in which they offered to write off customers’ debts using the hashtag‘Sameh Toajar’ -‘Forgive, and Be rewarded (by God).’ It was supported by Hamas and other factions, but the scale of the debts was too great for such a small-scale remedy. “Gaza has gone into clinical death and is in need of root solutions, real and sustainable, and not temporary or short-lived solutions,” said Maher al-Tabba, a Gaza economist. At the other end of the economic scale from the merchants are Suhaib, Shadi and Ahmed al-Waloud, who scavenge through garbage near their home in northern Gaza searching for plastic to sell to recycling plants. Their father was one of the Gazans who lost their jobs in Israel more than a decade ago when Israel closed the door to thousands of Palestinian workers following Hamas’s seizure of control. “I have been used to doing this job since I was a child,” said Suhaib, 19, from Beit Lahiya. But they now earn just enough to“stay alive,” he said, because the price paid for second-hand plastic has fallen by 80 per cent.“Nowadays there is not much work. People are not throwing away a lot of plastic.” The question that dominates Gaza is whether hard times will make Palestinians more inclined to support attacks on Israel, or less so, because they fear reprisals. Ali al-Hayek, the chairman of the Palestinian Businessmen Association in Gaza, said that total collapse of the economy would lead to instability that would be in nobody’s interests. “Gaza is living through a real humanitarian crisis,” he said.“An economic collapse will lead to a security collapse that will cause trouble for the international community and for Israel.” 
968831182287892486	2018-02-28 12:52:08	https://t.co/2IeAInrpAT	At least 10 people killed in Egyptian train crash https://t.co/2IeAInrpAT	 CAIRO (Reuters) - At least 15 people were killed and 40 others were injured in a train crash on Wednesday in Egypt’s northern province of Beheira, the official news agency MENA said, citing the transport ministry spokesman. Two passenger carriages separated from one train and collided with a cargo train, the provincial security director told MENA. Prime Minister Sherif Ismail ordered the transport minister to visit the scene and take action as details of the causes of the accident emerge, a cabinet statement said. Egyptians have long complained that successive governments have failed to enforce basic safety standards for the railways. A string of crashes have further inflamed public anger over the antiquated transport network. A collision in August killed 42 people and injured more than 100 people. 
968831182182998016	2018-02-28 12:52:08	https://t.co/p7TpVU9jvD	Nobel peace laureates to Suu Kyi: 'End Rohingya genocide or face prosecution' https://t.co/p7TpVU9jvD	 DHAKA (Reuters) - Three Nobel peace laureates urged Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi and the military on Wednesday to end the“genocide” of Rohingya Muslims now or face prosecution. The United Nations and human rights organizations have collected evidence of widespread abuses by the Myanmar military against the largely stateless Rohingya, including murder, rape and arson, prompting nearly 700,000 to flee to neighboring Bangladesh, and have called the crackdown ethnic cleansing. “She (Suu Kyi) must stop turning a deaf ear to the persecution of the Rohingya or risk being complicit in the crimes,” Yemeni activist Tawakkol Karman told a press conference in Dhaka after visiting refugee camps at Cox’s Bazar on the southern tip of Bangladesh. “Wake up or face prosecution,” said Karman, who was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2011. “If she fails to do so, her choice is clear: resign or be held accountable, along with the army commanders, for the crimes committed,” she added. Since coming to power in 2016, Suu Kyi - who won the 1991 Nobel Peace Prize for her decades-long pro-democracy fight - has failed to condemn abuses against the Rohingya which began on Aug. 25 after insurgents attacked police and military outposts. Buddhist-majority Myanmar denies the abuse charges and says its security forces are fighting a legitimate campaign against“terrorists” it blames for the attacks on the security forces. Northern Irish activist Mairead Maguire said she heard accounts of women who had been raped repeatedly and families murdered and stories of children being thrown into fires and drowned in rivers. “The torture, rape and killing of any one member of our human family must be challenged, as in the case of the Rohingya genocide,” said Maguire, who was awarded the Nobel peace prize in 1976. “This is genocide. We can’t remain silent. Silence is complicity,” she said. The laureates called for those responsible to be brought before the International Criminal Court. “With over a million Rohingya displaced, countless dead or missing, and rape and sexual violence being used as a weapon of war, it is well past the time for the international community to act,” said Iranian lawyer Shirin Ebadi, who in 2003 became the first Muslim woman to win the peace prize. Replying to a question, Karman said the three planned to visit Myanmar and they had sent several messages to their friend Suu Kyi but she had not replied. “We need to see what’s happening there.” 
968831181994196992	2018-02-28 12:52:08	https://t.co/5JgknyICUu	EU drafts Northern Ireland control, urges faster Brexit talks https://t.co/5JgknyICUu	 BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union on Wednesday laid out how it would regulate Northern Ireland’s trade if no better solution was found in the fast-closing window before Britain’s departure from the EU, prompting furious reactions in London and Belfast. Brussels’ chief negotiator Michel Barnier, presenting the EU’s draft of an exit treaty for Britain, denied that the proposal, intended to avoid a disruptive EU-UK“hard border” on the island of Ireland, would loosen Northern Ireland’s constitutional ties to the rest of the United Kingdom. But British leader Theresa May told her parliament that no prime minister could ever agree to these terms as they would“threaten the constitutional integrity of the UK”. The hardline Democratic Unionist (DUP) allies in Belfast on whom she relies for a slim majority denounced the EU draft as“constitutionally unacceptable” and“economically catastrophic” as it would distance Northern Ireland from mainland Britain. Establishing a“common regulatory area” with Ireland and 26 other EU states, as the draft treaty proposes, would in effect keep the British province in a customs union with the bloc. “Northern Ireland shall be considered to be part of the customs territory of the Union,” read the draft, which some diplomats characterised as a clear bid by Brussels to seize the initiative and drive negotiations forward on its terms. Barnier said Britons should not be surprised by a text that merely translated an interim accord with London into legal language. And he said the border proposal was only a“backstop” solution, which could be changed if Britain offered alternatives along the lines of those it hinted at during talks in December. Britain’s vote to leave the EU has undermined one of the pillars of a 1998 settlement that ended decades of violence in Northern Ireland between mostly Catholic Irish nationalists and Protestant unionists favouring continued union with Britain. In Dublin, Foreign Minister Simon Coveney echoed Barnier, saying the draft was“absolutely faithful” to the December accord and“should not be a surprise to anybody”. Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said it was up to May and the DUP to come up with their own solutions if they did not like it. Barnier rammed home that“time is short” before Britain will be out of the EU in exactly 13 months. He called on May to“pick up the pace” of negotiations so that a withdrawal treaty, including terms for keeping the status quo during a two-year transition, could be agreed this autumn and ratified by March. As the rhetoric on both sides has taken a more irritable turn, and negotiations have stalled since the interim accords in December, Barnier said he was“preparing for every situation” in case Britain, the continent’s second-biggest economy, lurches out of the Union without a deal after 46 years. One EU diplomat said Barnier and his team had“switched gear into attack mode” and had agreed with Dublin on a tactic to push Britain on from December’s fudge on the Irish border. Britain wants the border issue settled as part of an overall EU-UK trade deal which Brussels will only start discussing with it in April. May, who will lay out her vision for the future trading relationship with the EU on Friday, said she would work to protect UK unity in the negotiations. She again ruled out an EU-UK customs union - something that her Labour opponents advocate as a way to avoid disruptive controls at the Irish land border. “Overall the work has been progressing well in recent weeks,” her spokesman said.“This is just a draft document ... and we will be having discussions where we don’t agree in the coming months.” Unionists fear new barriers with the British mainland could increase the chances of Ireland, which broke from British rule a century ago, absorbing Northern Ireland, most of whose 1.8 million people are entitled to Irish, and hence EU, citizenship. Barnier conceded there might be new checks on trade between Northern Ireland and the mainland - but definitely no“border”. The Democratic Unionist Party’s Nigel Dodds, however, said Barnier’s“ludicrous” plan“will not go anywhere”. Barnier dismissed suggestions that the draft was an attempt to“shock” Britons into concluding a deal, insisting that his sole goal was to avoid a disorderly divorce.“There is no arrogance here,” he said. The draft treaty sees a joint EU-British committee overseeing the arrangements but the European Court of Justice remaining the ultimate authority to resolve disputes. Asked why the draft made no mention of a section in December’s EU-UK joint report that there should be no regulatory divergence between Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Barnier said it was because that was an internal British matter. He restated his view that the proposals for future trade that May is expected to make on Friday - to maintain a mixture of common and different regulations with the EU - were not acceptable.“There will be no cherry-picking,” he said. Barnier said he would engage in a new round of negotiations next week and would also meet leaders of Northern Ireland. He also said“significant divergences” remained in talks on a transition period, and so a deal, which both sides hope to clinch in March to calm business nerves, was“not a given”. Supporters of Brexit argue that Britain will benefit from no longer being bound by EU rules and can do more trade with the rest of the world, while opponents say the prospect of new barriers to trade in Europe is already damaging its economy. May’s government got a boost on Wednesday when Japanese carmaker Toyota confirmed plans to build a new model in England. 
968829159639322624	2018-02-28 12:44:06	https://t.co/liI7MAfgIO	Syrian government ground forces attack Ghouta despite Russian truce plan https://t.co/liI7MAfgIO	 BEIRUT/GENEVA (Reuters) - Syrian government forces launched a ground assault on the edge of the rebel-held eastern Ghouta enclave on Wednesday, seeking to gain territory despite a Russian plan for five-hour daily ceasefires, a war monitor and sources on both sides said. Hundreds of people have died in 11 days of bombing of the eastern Ghouta, a swathe of towns and farms outside Damascus that is the last major rebel-controlled area near the capital. The onslaught has been one of the fiercest of Syria’s civil war, now entering its eighth year. The U.N. Security Council, including President Bashar al-Assad’s strongest ally Russia, passed a resolution on Saturday calling for a 30-day countrywide ceasefire. But the measure has not taken effect, with Moscow and Damascus saying they are battling members of terrorist groups excluded from the truce. Russia has instead called for daily five-hour local ceasefires to establish what it calls a humanitarian corridor so aid can enter the enclave and civilians and wounded can leave. The first such truce took place on Tuesday but quickly collapsed when bombing and shelling resumed after a short lull. There were no air strikes during Wednesday’s five-hour ceasefire, but heavy bombardment resumed in the afternoon, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group reported. There has been no sign of aid deliveries to the besieged area. President Vladimir Putin said that Russia had managed to evacuate“quite a big group” of civilians and that Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan had helped broker the evacuation. He did not say when the civilians had managed to leave. State-run Anadolu news agency quoted Turkish presidential spokesman Ibrahim Kalin as saying Erdogan had asked for the evacuation of around 700 people from eastern Ghouta a month ago. Kalin said Russia told Turkey the civilians had been taken to southern Damascus a week later, despite Erdogan’s request for them to receive treatment in Turkey. The Observatory said it could not confirm the evacuation. Moscow and Damascus have accused rebels of shelling the corridor to prevent people leaving. Rebels deny this, and say people will not depart eastern Ghouta because they fear the government. Wednesday’s ground assault targeted the Hawsh al-Dawahra area at the eastern edge of the enclave. The Observatory reported advances by the government forces in the area, describing it as the resumption of an assault that first began on Feb. 25. It said rebels had inflicted heavy losses on government forces. An official with one of the rebel groups in eastern Ghouta said fighters were battling to repel an attempted incursion, and characterized the battle as“back and forth”. A commander in the military alliance that backs Assad said an elite unit of the Syrian army, the Tiger Force, was taking part in the assault and advances had been made. France’s foreign ministry called on Russia and Iran, Assad’s other military ally, to exert“maximum pressure” on the Syrian government to implement the 30-day ceasefire. But with no sign of decisive international pressure to stop the attack, eastern Ghouta appears on course to eventually meet the same fate as other areas won back by the government in lengthy, punishing assaults, where rebels and civilians who oppose Assad were finally evacuated in negotiated withdrawals. Damascus appears to be applying tried and tested military means, combining air strikes and bombardment with ground assaults, as it did to recapture eastern Aleppo in 2016. A senior Western diplomat said Russia appeared intent on a repeat of Aleppo in eastern Ghouta by evacuating the area and then killing“the terrorists even if it’s not just Nusra”, a reference to a jihadist group with al Qaeda links. A senior U.S. general on Tuesday accused Moscow of acting as“both arsonist and firefighter” by failing to rein in Assad. Diplomatic sources have said the chemical weapons watchdog, the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, opened an investigation into attacks in eastern Ghouta to determine whether banned munitions were used. The United States says it has evidence Syrian forces have used chlorine, which is permitted for civilian purposes but banned as a weapon, in attacks in eastern Ghouta and elsewhere. U.S. disarmament ambassador Robert Wood said on Wednesday that Russia has violated its duty to guarantee the destruction of Syria’s chemical weapons stockpile and prevent the Assad government from using poison gas. Syria agreed to give up its stockpile of poison gas and join the international chemical weapons ban in 2013 under a Russian-brokered deal that averted U.S. retaliatory air strikes after a nerve gas attack killed hundreds of people in Ghouta. Washington accused Damascus last year of again using nerve gas and carried out a round of air strikes as punishment. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said Syria had eliminated its poison gas stockpiles, and described allegations it was still using chemical weapons as“absurd”. U.N. political affairs chief Jeffrey Feltman told the Security Council on Wednesday the scale of attacks by the Syrian government against eastern Ghouta“cannot be justified on the basis of targeting Jabhat al Nusra fighters.” “The air strikes, shelling, and ground offensives continue. There are even reports of yet another chlorine gas attack. What we need is implementation of 2401, and that is not happening,” Feltman said. Lavrov said militants entrenched in eastern Ghouta were blocking aid and the evacuation of people who want to leave. Moscow would continue to support the Syrian army in totally defeating the“terrorist threat”, Lavrov told the U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva. Rebels have intensified shelling of nearby government-held Damascus. A medical official in the capital said on Monday 36 people had been killed in four days. Damascus and Moscow say the campaign in eastern Ghouta is needed to halt such shelling. The multi-sided Syrian war has killed hundreds of thousands of people and driven half of the pre-war population of 23 million from their homes. Fighting has escalated on several fronts this year, with the collapse of Islamic State giving rise to conflict between other Syrian and foreign parties. As Assad has pressed the offensive against eastern Ghouta, Turkey has launched an incursion against Kurdish fighters in the northwestern Afrin region. 
968825688076759040	2018-02-28 12:30:18	https://t.co/KETfE5QkAh	Special Report: WHO cancer agency 'left out key findings' in benzene review https://t.co/KETfE5QkAh https://t.co/FfWuf7F3so	 LONDON (Reuters) - In the spring of 2015, chemical engineer Melvyn Kopstein wrote to the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) to alert it to what he thought were serious flaws in its work. Kopstein believed the agency, a semi-autonomous part of the World Health Organization, had made errors in reviewing benzene. The agency had underplayed human exposure to the carcinogenic chemical, he believed, and it needed to correct matters. Three years on, he’s still trying to get IARC to address his concerns. In emails seen by Reuters, the agency agreed with Kopstein that its review of benzene had limitations; but an email from one of its senior scientists also said:“We do not plan to amend (it) or take any further action.” Kopstein, from Maryland in the United States, has decades of experience in analyzing evidence on chemicals. He says he was taken aback.“It was totally unexpected,” he said in an interview.“After all, they – IARC – are supposed to be the go-to source around the world of unbiased scientific information on the carcinogenicity of products and chemicals.” It’s a tale that sheds new light on how the cancer agency operates, and comes at a time when it is facing scrutiny from U.S. lawmakers over its methods and transparency. Reuters revealed last year how IARC, in reviewing the weedkiller glyphosate, excluded some data and findings that the chemical was not linked to cancer in people: In other words, how the agency may have overplayed evidence of carcinogenicity. In the case of benzene, Kopstein claims IARC did not consider important evidence that exposure to the chemical is higher than IARC suggests: In other words, he argues, the agency may have underplayed potential cancer risks. The disclosures are significant because they give rare insight into IARC’s methods. The agency does not publish details of how it makes its assessments and forbids observers invited to its meetings from talking publicly about the proceedings. The Kopstein dispute centers on a report - Monograph 100F - in which IARC classified benzene as able to cause cancer in humans, but said people’s potential exposure to it at work had generally been below recommended daily limits since the 1980s. In Kopstein’s view, the agency failed to properly evaluate the evidence on human exposure to benzene. Millions of workers around the world – from car mechanics to cabinet makers to shoemakers, print workers and painters – use benzene-containing products such as adhesives, solvents and cleaning agents, sometimes in poorly-ventilated factories or workshops. In the United States, some workers are pursuing personal injury lawsuits claiming serious harm from benzene. Kopstein has acted as an expert witness for plaintiffs who believe exposure to benzene in products at work made them ill. He says peer-reviewed scientific evidence shows that occupational exposure to benzene can be significantly higher than IARC’s assessment suggests. When he became aware in 2015 of the detail of IARC’s benzene assessment, he wrote to the agency. In emails spanning several months, reviewed by Reuters, a senior IARC staffer and a scientist involved in IARC’s assessment of benzene told Kopstein that the agency’s evaluation of the chemical did indeed have limitations. Kurt Straif, the head of the IARC“Monograph” unit that assesses the carcinogenicity of substances, said the exposure section of the benzene study was“condensed” due to cost and time constraints, and was not intended to be“exhaustive.” Martyn Smith, a member of the IARC working group that reviewed benzene and other substances, told Kopstein in an email the review had“tried to cover too much ... so I’m not surprised it has left out key findings or focused on the wrong studies.” Smith did not respond to Reuters requests for comment. IARC’s monographs – scientific reviews that classify human carcinogenic hazards – are cited by governments, courts and regulators worldwide as the reference“bible” of what causes, probably causes, and possibly causes cancer in people. Yet here were IARC insiders telling Kopstein that one of its own reviews was not comprehensive. Kopstein regards such limitations as a serious flaw because, he says, government regulators, public health officials and others need“balanced and accurate” information from IARC. Reuters sent questions to IARC’s Straif this month and the agency replied on his behalf. In response to whether its assessment of benzene had shortcomings, IARC said it did not.“In general, the exposure section of the IARC monographs does not contribute to the overall evaluation of the agent,” the agency said in an emailed response to Reuters.“Therefore, the section on exposure is not intended to exhaustively review the existing literature, but to describe human exposure situations that are pertinent to the evaluation.” (In other words, IARC’s classification of a substance depends on animal and human studies of its ability to cause cancer, not on how much people are exposed to it.) What troubled Kopstein most, he said, was IARC’s reluctance to take action, even though the agency knew its statements on benzene exposure were being cited in litigation in the United States, and even though Kopstein was not the only scientist to have raised concerns about them. Another expert in the field had already published a commentary also saying the assessment was flawed because it was based on an incomplete review of the scientific evidence. In a“note to reader” in its report covering benzene, IARC, which is based in Lyon, France, says that“every effort” is made to ensure its monographs are conducted as accurately as possible but that“mistakes may occur.” It asks any readers who find errors to communicate them to staff at its monograph section,“so that corrections can be reported in future volumes.” Yet in an email on April 28, 2015, Straif told Kopstein there was no plan to amend the IARC monograph that evaluated benzene. Dissatisfied, Kopstein decided to make his exchanges with the cancer agency public. He told Reuters:“IARC is foolishly burying its head in the sand, assuming this is going to go away. But I’m a very obstinate person. I’m going to see this through.” Despite its global influence, IARC is a relatively small organization with a budget of 43 million euros ($53 million) a year. The agency is funded by around 24 IARC member states, and since 1985 has received more than $48 million from American taxpayers via grants from the U.S. National Institutes of Health. Some $22 million of the NIH funding has gone to IARC’s monograph program. Since 1971, IARC has looked at more than 1,000 substances and has designated many as unclassifiable in terms of cancer-causing potential. It has classified around 500 as either carcinogenic, probably carcinogenic, or possibly carcinogenic to humans. Only one substance – an ingredient in nylon called caprolactam – has been classified by IARC as probably not causing cancer. Some of the agency’s assessments – particularly recent ones on red and processed meats, coffee, the weedkiller glyphosate and mobile phones – have sparked global controversy and fueled investigations into IARC by U.S. congressional committees. Last year’s Reuters reports on IARC’s glyphosate assessment also provoked strong reactions, from both activists opposed to genetically-modified crops and business-friendly Republicans in the United States. The passions reflect the influence of IARC’s monographs, and how interest groups across the political spectrum seek to exploit them to their own advantage. The agency’s monograph reviews also regularly play a part in so-called“toxic tort” litigation cases in the United States – personal injury lawsuits in which plaintiffs claim that exposure to a chemical or substance caused them injury or disease. One report cited in litigation is IARC’s Monograph 100F – the findings of a review conducted in 2009 of 33 chemicals, including benzene, and occupations related to them. The 100F benzene assessment had already attracted criticism from Peter Infante, one of the expert scientists on the IARC working group that had carried out the assessment. Infante, who has studied benzene for 40 years, was formerly a director at the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration, which sets standards for workplace safety. He was dissatisfied with the way IARC’s assessment had been conducted and with its result. In 2011, he published a detailed critique in the American Journal of Industrial Medicine, which said the IARC benzene assessment was the result of an“incomplete review and discussion of the data,” and that some of its conclusions were“contradictory.” He recommended that IARC hold a further monograph meeting dedicated to a full review of benzene on its own. Infante, who also frequently testifies as an expert witness for workers in benzene litigation, declined to comment for this story. In response to Infante’s 2011 critique, Straif, the head of IARC’s monograph program, sent a joint letter with two other senior IARC staff to the journal. It said that the 2009 IARC meeting had suffered from restraints on time and resources, but that the discussions on benzene had been“the most extensive discussions at the meeting” and that IARC had“great confidence” in the ability of its expert panels“to reach sound evaluations.” In answer to questions from Reuters this month, IARC said its 2011 letter had responded to Infante’s concerns. That letter, published as a commentary in the same journal as Infante’s critique, also said IARC was planning to schedule a benzene-only review to examine the chemical in more depth. Yet several years later, nothing had changed – as Kopstein discovered while working on litigation involving benzene. In late 2014 and early 2015, he was an expert witness in two cases where people who had worked with benzene were claiming their exposure to it had caused them to become sick. In one case, plaintiffs were suing their employer for compensation, and in the other, they were suing product manufacturers. Kopstein was an expert witness for the plaintiffs. Experts for the defendants cited IARC’s 100F benzene review, conducted in 2009, whose full findings had been published in 2012. IARC told Reuters it had no control over how its assessments are used in litigation. In the 100F review, IARC had classified benzene in its highest rank of human carcinogens – Group 1 – mainly due to evidence that it can cause leukemia. But digging into its detail on potentially hazardous exposure, Kopstein found the IARC assessment relied heavily on a few studies which, he says, suggested the majority of occupational exposure levels were generally low. The studies did this, he says, because they limited their examination to products, such as honing oil used in grinding metal, which contained only small amounts of benzene and were not commonly used. So, while IARC was correctly gauging the danger of benzene itself, he concluded, the agency was giving unrealistically low estimates of how much of the carcinogen workers are exposed to in everyday jobs. Like Infante before him, Kopstein struggled to understand why IARC had given little regard to wider scientific evidence on benzene exposure. He also wondered why nothing appeared to have changed despite Infante’s concerns and IARC’s response to them. There had been no benzene-only review conducted; IARC’s 2009 assessment remained unaltered; IARC staff had not sought to alert readers of Monograph 100F to its potential limitations; and the monograph was being cited in litigation by companies seeking to show that workers suing them had not been unreasonably exposed to benzene. Kopstein took the matter up with Straif, the head of IARC’s monograph section, first writing to him on March 18, 2015. Getting no response, Kopstein followed up with a series of further emails – to Straif; to IARC’s director, Chris Wild; and to some of the agency’s U.S. funders. He says he received little substantive response.“It was clear to me that they didn’t take me seriously,” Kopstein said. IARC told Reuters it had“responded to all of the scientific issues Dr Kopstein raised.” Kopstein disputes that claim. Kopstein also sought the attention of Martyn Smith, another experienced expert witness in U.S. litigation cases who has also served on IARC working groups. Smith promised to discuss Kopstein’s concerns with Straif and get back to him. In an email to Kopstein on May 15, 2015, Smith said Monograph 100F had“tried to cover too much (too many chemicals)” and“was hurriedly put together.” The task on benzene alone was substantial: There were at least 20 years of new scientific literature to review since the last time IARC had assessed evidence on the chemical in 1987. “So I’m not surprised it has left out key findings or focused on the wrong studies,” Smith wrote in his email to Kopstein.“The problem now is how to correct it given all the other things IARC is doing with very limited resources.” Smith did not respond to Reuters requests for comment. Straif, too, eventually replied to Kopstein. In a June 2015 email he said the exposure section of the benzene monograph had been“condensed” to“contain cost,” and that the review of the scientific literature on exposure was not“exhaustive.” Straif assured Kopstein:“Your recent correspondence and suggested literature sources will certainly be considered if the carcinogenicity of benzene is re-evaluated in the future.” Nothing happened in time for the two legal cases involving Kopstein and people claiming they had been harmed by benzene exposure. The cases were settled out of court with undisclosed agreements. An opportunity to address the limitations of Monograph 100F came in October last year when IARC fulfilled its 2011 promise to Infante by holding a benzene-only review. For a week, 27 scientists selected by Straif and other IARC staff met at the agency’s headquarters in Lyon. Kopstein had written a critique of the Monograph 100F benzene review, which he had published in the peer-reviewed scientific journal New Solutions. Knowing the meeting was coming up, he sent the critique in an email on Sept. 16, 2017, to the scientists due to be on the IARC panel the following month. He wanted them to be able to read about his concerns and take them into account. On Sept. 18, he also sent the critique to Straif and IARC director Chris Wild. Asked by Reuters whether the working group for this new benzene review – known as Monograph 120 – had considered Kopstein’s views, IARC indicated that it didn’t. It said Kopstein’s article was a commentary, not a study.“The Working Group of the Vol. 120 Monographs meeting considered all scientific articles eligible,” IARC said.“This includes original data published in scientific journals, but not commentaries and letters to the editor as these are viewpoints.” Kopstein said this was contrary to what Straif told him in the 2015 email which promised his correspondence and suggested literature sources would“certainly be considered.” A summary of the October 2017 meeting’s conclusions, published online in the Lancet Oncology journal on Oct. 26, said benzene would remain classified by IARC as a Group 1 human carcinogen, mainly due to evidence that it causes leukemia. On exposure – the section criticized by Kopstein for lacking rigor and detail – the IARC summary had only brief, unreferenced statements. It said the working group experts had“noted” that benzene exposures in indoor and outdoor settings had generally declined. According to Kopstein, the statements are“totally at odds” with the published evidence he has pointed out to IARC and cited in his correspondence with IARC staff.“It showed me that IARC was not interested in arriving at the facts and communicating the facts to governments around the world,” he told Reuters. Infante, the benzene expert and former Occupational Safety and Health Administration director who criticized IARC’s 2009 benzene review, has continued to work with IARC and supports the agency’s monograph program. He was asked to attend the October 2017 meeting as an“observer” and, IARC said, was allowed to speak at it but not to vote on the review’s conclusions. IARC forbids observers from recording events or talking publicly about what goes on at its meetings. IARC says this is intended to“provide an atmosphere conducive to free and frank discussion.” In several emails to Infante, Reuters asked whether he was satisfied with the outcome of the 2017 benzene review, and in particular with the section on exposure, which says“benzene concentrations have declined over time” and that occupational exposures are less than 1 part per million. Infante declined to answer. IARC told Reuters it and its working group members“stand fully behind the scientific integrity of the process and the evaluations” of the 2017 benzene review. 
968825187222347776	2018-02-28 12:28:19	https://t.co/84obPf40tk	Egypt's prosecutor urges action against 'false news' https://t.co/84obPf40tk	 CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt’s public prosecutor has told state prosecutors to take legal action against media outlets found to be publishing“false news, statements and rumors,” he said in a statement on Wednesday. The statement by Nabil Sadek followed strong official criticism this week of some foreign media coverage in Egypt, where authorities have in the past few months blocked scores of local news sites. The prosecutor said media outlets should be monitored and Egyptian authorities involved with regulating media should also report any“violations of media and press ethics” to the public prosecutor. The order comes a day after Egypt’s foreign press center called for officials and prominent individuals to boycott the British Broadcasting Corporation after a report on human rights it said was“flagrantly fraught with lies.” “[The decision comes] in light of recent attempts by the forces of evil to undermine the safety and security of the nation by broadcasting and spreading lies,” the prosecutor’s statement said. The BBC report stirred controversy when a young woman it described as having been disappeared by security forces was interviewed on Monday on a talk show and denied the claim. The BBC said after the boycott call that it stands by the“integrity of our reporting teams.” Reuters could not independently verify the woman’s claim or the contents of the BBC report. Speaking at the United Nations Human Rights Council in Geneva on Tuesday, Egyptian Foreign Minister Sameh Shoukry criticized the BBC and other media outlets for“relying on fabricated sources for political purposes,” according to a Twitter post from the ministry’s spokesman. Rights groups say there is a growing crackdown against political opponents ahead of a presidential vote in March when President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi will stand for re-election virtually unopposed. A high-profile politician and former presidential candidate was arrested this month after he gave an interview critical of Sisi to Al Jazeera, a Qatar-based channel banned in Egypt. 
968824230392549378	2018-02-28 12:24:31	https://t.co/b3RPWnubW6	An economy in ruins leaves Gazans with hard choices https://t.co/b3RPWnubW6	 GAZA (Reuters) - The man who makes crisps, chocolate and vanilla snacks for Gaza had just finished explaining how his business was going through the worst economic crisis of his life when the lights went out, shutting down his factory. Again. Wael Al-Wadiya has been running his food manufacturing business since 1985 – in a Gaza Strip that was very different from the one in which he and two million other Palestinians now live. Back then Israeli settlers were still in Gaza, the Islamist militant group Hamas did not yet exist, and Palestinians were still two years away from the first of the uprisings against Israeli military occupation that introduced the word ‘Intifada’ to the world. Sitting in a slowly declining industrial estate near the fortified border with Israel, the 51-year-old confectioner says that Gaza has been brought to a near-standstill by a decade of Israeli-led blockades, and internal Palestinian divisions. “The situation is very miserable. People’s ability to buy has fallen to a minimum, therefore our businesses and businesses in Gaza are suffering as never before,” said Wadiya. He has cut production by 70 percent and wages by 30 percent. Employees who used to work each day now may work one day in three.“Unless a miracle happens, factories and companies will close down and it will be the real death of the economy,” he said. There has long been poverty in Gaza, but with unemployment now at 43.6 percent, according to the Palestinian Bureau of Statistics, even once-wealthy merchants are defaulting on debts, causing other businesses to collapse, like dominoes. Many in Gaza blame Israel for the hardships, accusing it of placing an economic blockade on the enclave that has drastically reduced the movement of people and goods. But Gazans also fault their own leaders, complaining of a power struggle between Hamas, the armed group that seized military power in Gaza in 2007, and Fatah, the secular party of Western-backed Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. Both Hamas and Fatah levy taxes. Both run competing bureaucracies. And even electricity has become a tool of political power - until recently the blackouts that plagued Wadiya’s factory were exacerbated by Abbas cutting money for Israeli current for Gaza. Fatah says Hamas exploits money it collects from electricity consumers for its own purposes. Israel, which pulled its settlers and soldiers out of Gaza in 2005, says it has been forced to control access to and from the territory to stop Hamas sending out gunmen and bombers, and from smuggling in weapons or material to make them. The Israeli military says that it carries out“constant calculated risk management” between allowing humanitarian aid through to Gazans, while contending with Hamas, which“attempts to exploit the aid intended for Gaza’s civilian residents”. A combination of war, isolation, and internal rivalries has left Gaza in its current state. Last year Abbas cut the salaries of 60,000 government employees in Gaza by 30 per cent, leaving them with little to spend in shops and markets after paying off bank loans. The sums of bounced checks in Gaza nearly doubled from $37 million to $62 million between 2015 and 2016, and then again to $112 million in 2017, according to the Palestinian Monetary Authority. This lack of buying power contributed to a drop in imports through the one remaining commercial crossing with Israel, with just 350 truckloads per day compared with 800 in the last quarter of 2017. Some merchants took a religious initiative in December in which they offered to write off customers’ debts using the hashtag‘Sameh Toajar’ -‘Forgive, and Be rewarded (by God).’ It was supported by Hamas and other factions, but the scale of the debts was too great for such a small-scale remedy. “Gaza has gone into clinical death and is in need of root solutions, real and sustainable, and not temporary or short-lived solutions,” said Maher al-Tabba, a Gaza economist. At the other end of the economic scale from the merchants are Suhaib, Shadi and Ahmed al-Waloud, who scavenge through garbage near their home in northern Gaza searching for plastic to sell to recycling plants. Their father was one of the Gazans who lost their jobs in Israel more than a decade ago when Israel closed the door to thousands of Palestinian workers following Hamas’s seizure of control. “I have been used to doing this job since I was a child,” said Suhaib, 19, from Beit Lahiya. But they now earn just enough to“stay alive,” he said, because the price paid for second-hand plastic has fallen by 80 per cent.“Nowadays there is not much work. People are not throwing away a lot of plastic.” The question that dominates Gaza is whether hard times will make Palestinians more inclined to support attacks on Israel, or less so, because they fear reprisals. Ali al-Hayek, the chairman of the Palestinian Businessmen Association in Gaza, said that total collapse of the economy would lead to instability that would be in nobody’s interests. “Gaza is living through a real humanitarian crisis,” he said.“An economic collapse will lead to a security collapse that will cause trouble for the international community and for Israel.” 
968824230367330304	2018-02-28 12:24:31	https://t.co/dsdNFMGc9U	Britain's royal 'Fab Four' attend first official event together https://t.co/dsdNFMGc9U	 LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. actress Meghan Markle made an official appearance alongside fiance Prince Harry and his elder brother William and wife Kate on Wednesday, the first time Britain’s royal “Fab Four” have carried out an engagement together. Queen Elizabeth’s grandson Harry, 33 and Markle, 36, have attracted huge attention since they announced last November they were getting married while William, 35 and Kate, 36, have been a major media draw since their wedding in 2011. The quartet appeared on stage together to take part in the Royal Foundation forum, a new annual event to showcase the projects run or launched by the royals’ main charitable and philanthropic vehicle which William and Harry set up in 2011. “Catherine, Harry and I are delighted to be here this morning,” William told an audience at the London offices of insurer Aviva. “And we are particularly happy to be at our first Royal Foundation event with Meghan.” Markle, 36, will become the Foundation’s fourth patron after she marries Harry at the queen’s Windsor Castle residence on May 19. She has previously announced she is quitting her acting career and stepping down from her existing charitable work. “We wait a couple of months and then we can hit the ground running but up until then I‘m pretty excited,” she said. “Harry and I see the world so similarly in our approach of being very hands-on with things. I have been fortunate enough to meet with some incredible women and organizations in the UK that are doing work here, but also knowing that some of the work I’ve done in the past has been in Commonwealth countries.” The Royal Foundation focuses on issues such as helping young people, wildlife conservation, cyberbullying and supporting the military, most notably through the Invictus Games for wounded or disabled veterans which Harry founded. Last year, the princes were widely praised for leading a campaign to tackle the stigma of mental health illness and speaking out about how they had personally suffered following the death of their mother Princess Diana in a Paris car crash in 1997. “We’re pretty tied up with planning a wedding at the moment but we’re really looking forward to working as a pair and as a four going forward and hoping to make as much of a difference where we can,” Harry said. The four were pictured together leaving a service on Christmas Day on the queen’s Sandringham estate but the event on Wednesday marked the first time the group - dubbed the “Fab Four” by media - had all attended an official event. Asked if there were any disagreements with the family working closely together, William joked: “Oh, yes!” Harry added: “They come so thick and fast. Working as family does have its challenges, of course it does. But we’re stuck together for the rest of our lives.” 
968823631802523648	2018-02-28 12:22:08	https://t.co/y2U4g2yJaR	School restarts in South Sudan, in theory https://t.co/y2U4g2yJaR reports @DenisDumo https://t.co/5wpcgkaYqd	 JUBA (Reuters) - Some of South Sudan’s 6,000 schools opened for a new academic year this month — but the government does not know how many. Teachers have not been paid. Many of them, and their pupils, are on the run after four years of fighting. In the capital, classrooms are filled with hungry displaced families. The United Nations Children’s Fund estimated in December that three-quarters of children are out of school, threatening to create a second“lost generation” of uneducated adults in a country in danger of becoming a failed state. Some are the children of the original“lost boys” - the nickname for the generation that survived South Sudan’s 22-year liberation war from Sudan only to be caught up in a new conflict two years after it won independence in 2011. Men like Lawrence Samuel had hoped for food, peace and education for his own children. But the civil war shattered those dreams. He could not pay for any of his children to finish school. Most of his neighbors cannot even pay for food. “If you ask a child in primary school questions,” he said,“He will not answer you because his mind is very far away, thinking of food.” Last year, only half of schools opened, said Education Minister Deng Deng Hoc, whose officials are still trying to gauge how many are open now, three weeks into the new term. Tens of thousands of people have died and 4.5 million people have fled their homes since clashes between troops loyal to President Salva Kiir and former vice president Riek Machar broke out in the oil-rich new country in 2013. Almost three-quarters of the adult population is illiterate, one of the highest rates in the world, according to the UN Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO). The latest attempt to end the conflict, a ceasefire signed in December, was violated within hours. Many schools are deserted in abandoned towns and villages around the country. Nearly 19,000 children have been recruited by armed groups, the U.N. said, although several hundred were released this month. But militias easily lure children by offering them food and protection. On Monday, the U.N. said more than 7 million people - nearly two-thirds of the population - would have problems finding food this year. Parts of the country are experiencing shortages close to last year’s famine.[L8N1QG21T] If they are lucky, mothers might be able to choose between feeding their children and sending them to school. Two of Salaw Adam’s five children were in school last year. She won’t be sending any this year, she said, after school fees doubled from 1,000 to 2,000 South Sudanese pounds per term, equivalent to $9 on the black market this week. “Of course, missing school will affect them,” she said quietly, wringing her hands.“But what can I do?” Fighting forced oil companies to shut down most of the country’s production, slashing government revenues. Education ministry director general Daniel Swaka Ngwanki said salaries for the last three months of the previous academic term, which ended in December, have not been paid. The government allocated 3 percent of its 2017/18 budget to education. More than 50 percent went to security and administration, including President Kiir’s office. Neighboring Kenya spent 7.3 percent of its national budget on education this year. Ateny Wek Ateny, Kiir’s spokesman, said the presidency needed a large budget because cash-strapped ministers were constantly asking for bailouts. “When other departments are supposed to spend and they couldn’t find any (money) ... they will come to the office of the president to ask for intervention,” he said. Even if teachers’ salaries had been paid, Ngwanki said, rampant inflation means a teachers’ monthly salary of 1,500 South Sudanese pounds won’t even buy a bag of cooking charcoal. “Many teachers have deserted the profession,” he said. The U.N. estimates around a third of teachers have left their posts. Former teacher Garang Mabior Deng is among those. He quit in February. He left to work at a private company offering him twice his teaching salary:“I decided to teach because I loved helping my country, but after two years, it was impossible to take care of my family.” One of those desperate to continue his education is 10-year-old Ladu, who was in his fourth year of primary school when administrators kicked him out because he did not have proper clothes, he said. “I would like to go back if I could get the uniform and shoes,” he said, as he crouched barefoot at an outdoor restaurant in Juba. For tonight, the most he can hope for is scraps from a sympathetic diner’s plate. 
968821196782481408	2018-02-28 12:12:27	https://t.co/wQFsxUbvM0	'Speed up' Brexit talks, EU demands as draft treaty published https://t.co/wQFsxUbvM0	 BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union on Wednesday laid out how it would regulate Northern Ireland’s trade if no better solution was found in the fast-closing window before Britain’s departure from the EU, prompting furious reactions in London and Belfast. Brussels’ chief negotiator Michel Barnier, presenting the EU’s draft of an exit treaty for Britain, denied that the proposal, intended to avoid a disruptive EU-UK“hard border” on the island of Ireland, would loosen Northern Ireland’s constitutional ties to the rest of the United Kingdom. But British leader Theresa May told her parliament that no prime minister could ever agree to these terms as they would“threaten the constitutional integrity of the UK”. The hardline Democratic Unionist (DUP) allies in Belfast on whom she relies for a slim majority denounced the EU draft as“constitutionally unacceptable” and“economically catastrophic” as it would distance Northern Ireland from mainland Britain. Establishing a“common regulatory area” with Ireland and 26 other EU states, as the draft treaty proposes, would in effect keep the British province in a customs union with the bloc. “Northern Ireland shall be considered to be part of the customs territory of the Union,” read the draft, which some diplomats characterised as a clear bid by Brussels to seize the initiative and drive negotiations forward on its terms. Barnier said Britons should not be surprised by a text that merely translated an interim accord with London into legal language. And he said the border proposal was only a“backstop” solution, which could be changed if Britain offered alternatives along the lines of those it hinted at during talks in December. Britain’s vote to leave the EU has undermined one of the pillars of a 1998 settlement that ended decades of violence in Northern Ireland between mostly Catholic Irish nationalists and Protestant unionists favouring continued union with Britain. In Dublin, Foreign Minister Simon Coveney echoed Barnier, saying the draft was“absolutely faithful” to the December accord and“should not be a surprise to anybody”. Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said it was up to May and the DUP to come up with their own solutions if they did not like it. Barnier rammed home that“time is short” before Britain will be out of the EU in exactly 13 months. He called on May to“pick up the pace” of negotiations so that a withdrawal treaty, including terms for keeping the status quo during a two-year transition, could be agreed this autumn and ratified by March. As the rhetoric on both sides has taken a more irritable turn, and negotiations have stalled since the interim accords in December, Barnier said he was“preparing for every situation” in case Britain, the continent’s second-biggest economy, lurches out of the Union without a deal after 46 years. One EU diplomat said Barnier and his team had“switched gear into attack mode” and had agreed with Dublin on a tactic to push Britain on from December’s fudge on the Irish border. Britain wants the border issue settled as part of an overall EU-UK trade deal which Brussels will only start discussing with it in April. May, who will lay out her vision for the future trading relationship with the EU on Friday, said she would work to protect UK unity in the negotiations. She again ruled out an EU-UK customs union - something that her Labour opponents advocate as a way to avoid disruptive controls at the Irish land border. “Overall the work has been progressing well in recent weeks,” her spokesman said.“This is just a draft document ... and we will be having discussions where we don’t agree in the coming months.” Unionists fear new barriers with the British mainland could increase the chances of Ireland, which broke from British rule a century ago, absorbing Northern Ireland, most of whose 1.8 million people are entitled to Irish, and hence EU, citizenship. Barnier conceded there might be new checks on trade between Northern Ireland and the mainland - but definitely no“border”. The Democratic Unionist Party’s Nigel Dodds, however, said Barnier’s“ludicrous” plan“will not go anywhere”. Barnier dismissed suggestions that the draft was an attempt to“shock” Britons into concluding a deal, insisting that his sole goal was to avoid a disorderly divorce.“There is no arrogance here,” he said. The draft treaty sees a joint EU-British committee overseeing the arrangements but the European Court of Justice remaining the ultimate authority to resolve disputes. Asked why the draft made no mention of a section in December’s EU-UK joint report that there should be no regulatory divergence between Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Barnier said it was because that was an internal British matter. He restated his view that the proposals for future trade that May is expected to make on Friday - to maintain a mixture of common and different regulations with the EU - were not acceptable.“There will be no cherry-picking,” he said. Barnier said he would engage in a new round of negotiations next week and would also meet leaders of Northern Ireland. He also said“significant divergences” remained in talks on a transition period, and so a deal, which both sides hope to clinch in March to calm business nerves, was“not a given”. Supporters of Brexit argue that Britain will benefit from no longer being bound by EU rules and can do more trade with the rest of the world, while opponents say the prospect of new barriers to trade in Europe is already damaging its economy. May’s government got a boost on Wednesday when Japanese carmaker Toyota confirmed plans to build a new model in England. 
968821193754271744	2018-02-28 12:12:27	https://t.co/p3d5ktAEvB	Philippines' Duterte says he's tired, old, wants to cede power early https://t.co/p3d5ktAEvB	 MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte on Wednesday sought to dispel concerns he will cling to power and become a dictator, saying he wants to achieve his goal of introducing federalism so that he can finish his term early. The former city mayor has long advocated federalism to tackle a yawning wealth gap, empower regional governments and recognize the country’s diverse makeup. A 19-member panel created by Duterte a month ago and composed of constitutional law experts and headed by a retired Supreme Court judge has proposed a federal model similar to the United States. Some critics believe the move to change the constitution to facilitate that would also provide means for Duterte to hold on to power beyond 2022, when his single, six-year term ends. But the 72-year-old said he no longer had the energy. “I will step down by 2020, I will not wait for 2022,” he said in a speech. “I am old. I have no more ambition. I really would like to rest.” Duterte’s lower house allies last month voted to convene a constituent assembly to revise the charter, scrapping mid-term elections next year and extending the terms of all elected officials. The constitution was introduced in 1987 after the ousting of late dictator Ferdinand Marcos in a bloodless“people’s power” revolution. Previous moves to change it have failed, with civil society and religious groups thwarting what they see as threats to a system designed to prevent strongman rulers like Marcos from emerging. Fears that Duterte could become an autocrat are compounded by the admiration he has expressed for Marcos. Experts believe Duterte may succeed in changing the charter because of his public popularity and the super-majority he holds in Congress. 
968820727658045441	2018-02-28 12:10:35	https://t.co/IgZrGF39YF	GM Korea to slash executive numbers, talks with union make little progress https://t.co/IgZrGF39YF by @HyunjooJin https://t.co/paOQ4TAxjq	 SEOUL (Reuters) - General Motors’ South Korean unit plans to slash the number of its executives, an internal letter seen by Reuters showed - the latest step by the U.S. automaker as it attempts a politically contentious restructuring of the loss-making business. GM, which has some 16,000 employees in South Korea, also asked staff to“actively consider” a previously announced voluntary redundancy plan which has a Friday deadline, a separate letter showed. The automaker this month shocked South Korea when it said it would shut one of its factories in the country and decide the fate of three remaining plants in the coming weeks. The letters underscore the difficulties GM faces as it tries to wrangle concessions on wages from an angry labor union and win financial support from a South Korean government that is set to conduct due diligence on what it has called GM Korea’s“opaque” management. Although talks with unions have come much earlier than expected with union leaders under pressure to make concessions to prevent more factory closures, a union official told Reuters that initial discussions on Wednesday had not made any progress. According to one of the letters sent to staff, GM Korea plans to cut the number of executives ranked managing director or more senior by 35 percent and reduce the number of directors and team leaders by 20 percent. A GM Korea spokesman confirmed the plan, noting that the unit had around 150 executives including 100 directors and hundreds of team leaders. “Changing our leadership structure is another of many initiatives to move forward the viability of the company,” he said. The unit also plans to shrink the number of so-called“international service personnel” executives, who have been dispatched from GM headquarters and other affiliates overseas, by 45 percent. In particular, generous packages for the 36 such ex-pats which include support for housing, cars and payment of school fees for their children have come under fire from GM Korea’s labor union. The changes will start immediately and with all set to be in place by the third quarter of this year, the letter said, adding that a freeze was being put on executive promotions. In a separate letter, GM Korea stressed to employees that they only had until Friday to apply for the redundancy program and urged them to apply. It is offering South Korean workers three times their annual base salary, money for college tuition and more than $9,000 toward a new car as part of the redundancy proposal. Nearly 200 subcontractors at GM’s Gunsan plant have been also asked to leave the factory by the end of March, union officials said on Wednesday. In talks with the union, GM is proposing a base wage freeze and no bonuses this year along with a suspension of some benefits such as the payment of university tuition for employees’ children and gold medals for long-serving workers. The talks on Wednesday ended after just a couple of hours, the union official said. “Management is demanding unilateral sacrifice by the union, but the company should come up with a turnaround plan,” he said, adding that demands by the union for executives’ wages to be disclosed had been rejected. GM workers held another protest on Wednesday, holding signs calling for the withdrawal of the plant closure, before marching toward the presidential office. Overseas unions, including the United Auto Workers, also joined the protest. “The automotive sector will go through a major change in the next decade ... We support your struggle because it is our struggle,” Georg Leutert, a director at Industrial Global Union, told the workers. “We are in solidarity with them,” Darius D. Sivin, international representative at UAW, told Reuters, wearing a red hair band. 
968815262052110336	2018-02-28 11:48:52	https://t.co/ZV72IGVl6J	China's Communist Party agrees on government reform, but no details https://t.co/ZV72IGVl6J	 BEIJING (Reuters) - China’s ruling Communist Party agreed on Wednesday to deepen reform of party and government departments to improve their function and to push for high quality development, but gave no details of an unexpected shake up of ministries. A statement following the three-day closed-door meeting of the party’s Central Committee, released by the official Xinhua news agency, said the reform plan would be put to the largely rubber stamp parliament, which opens on March 5.”Transforming government functions and optimizing the settings of government bodies and deployment of their functions is an important mission for deepening party and national department reform,” Xinhua said in a long, dry piece full of Communist terminology. While the statement did not give details on which government departments may be merged, reorganized or gotten rid of, it did say they will strengthen market supervision and management of natural resources and environmental protection. One line about defense said the party would increase the military’s fighting ability, but also did not elaborate. President Xi Jinping, who spoke at the meeting, is overseeing an ambitious military modernization plan that has included reorganizing how it is run to make it more effective and less like the old-Soviet era it once followed. The party also agreed that local governments would be given more power to make decisions for themselves, as long as they are in line with central government, Xinhua said. However, the party’s supremacy will not be challenged. The primary task of deepening reform is to ensure the party’s leadership is all encompassing and becomes ever stronger, Xinhua said. Details are expected to be released during parliament, as they will need to be formally approved by lawmakers, who will also have to sign off on a wide-ranging re-shuffle of senior government positions, like the head of the central bank. Xinhua said the party had submitted a name list of candidates. Parliament will not block or vote down the party’s pre-selected candidates or its government reform plans as the body is stacked with party members chosen specifically for their loyalty. Another major focus of parliament will be to pass amendments to the state constitution which will include lifting a two-term limit on the presidency, meaning Xi can effectively stay in power for ever if he wants. 
968815262047899649	2018-02-28 11:48:52	https://t.co/KTpqDdM63H	Turkey rejects U.S., French calls for Afrin ceasefire in Syria https://t.co/KTpqDdM63H	 ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey forcefully rejected on Wednesday Western calls to suspend its offensive in northwest Syria, saying the United States misunderstood the extent of a U.N. ceasefire resolution and accusing France of giving“false information” on the issue. Ankara has said the United Nations resolution demanding a 30-day ceasefire across Syria does not apply to its five-week-old military operation in Afrin against the Kurdish YPG militia, which Turkey says is a terrorist group. In strongly worded statements to two NATO allies, Turkey’s foreign ministry spokesman said a U.S. State Department appeal that Turkey“go back and read” the ceasefire resolution was unfounded, and he also denied that Paris had told Ankara that the truce also applied to its Afrin campaign. On Monday French President Emmanuel Macron’s office said he had told Turkey’s President Tayyip Erdogan that the U.N. demand“applied to all of Syria, including Afrin, and should be implemented everywhere and by all without any delay”. Turkey’s Foreign Ministry spokesman Hami Aksoy challenged that account, saying Macron did not specifically mention Afrin in their telephone conversation about the ceasefire resolution. “Our reaction regarding the error of giving false information to the public was conveyed to French authorities,” Aksoy said. The U.N. Security Council resolution demands all parties“cease hostilities without delay ... for a durable humanitarian pause for at least 30 consecutive days throughout Syria”. It does not apply to military operations against Islamic State, al Qaeda and groups associated with them or other groups designated as terrorist organizations by the Security Council. Turkey says the YPG militia which controls Afrin is an extension of the Kurdistan Workers Party, which is deemed a terrorist group by the United States and European Union. The YPG is not designated as a terrorist group by the Security Council. U.S. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert told reporters on Tuesday that Turkey should read the ceasefire resolution, to“see what the world... is saying about this”. Aksoy said the resolution did not specifically mention Afrin, and Turkey’s operation there was“a fight that is carried out against the terrorist organizations that target Turkey’s national security and Syria’s unity”. Nauert’s statement“is unfounded and it shows that they are not able to understand the focus of the resolution, or they want to distort it”, Aksoy said. U.S. support for the YPG militia in north Syria has pushed relations between Turkey and the United States to crisis point. Ankara says that after Afrin it will target the Syrian town of Manbij, where YPG and U.S. forces are deployed together. 
968813060487106560	2018-02-28 11:40:07	https://t.co/6SmcXM713A	French retailer Systeme U discussing supply deal with Amazon https://t.co/6SmcXM713A https://t.co/Ru9JjdcsCt	 PARIS (Reuters) - Privately-held French supermarket operator Systeme U is discussing a possible grocery supply deal with Amazon (AMZN.O), its chief executive said, amid growing speculation over the U.S. online retail giant’s intentions regarding the French market. Amazon’s purchase of Whole Foods in the United States last year has prompted speculation that it could be targeting the European food and supermarket sector next. “Discussions with Amazon to become their supplier of consumer products are under way. We are not the only ones and it’s far from being finalised,” Systeme U chief executive Serge Papin told Le Figaro newspaper. Asked if Systeme U would supply Amazon with food products, Papin later told BFM TV on Wednesday:“Yes, because today our friend Amazon is a small player at purchasing level...It can be an opportunity for Systeme U, just as it can be an opportunity for Amazon.” A major deal between Amazon and a French retailer has yet to materialize. Amazon has, however, made small forays in that direction and the U.S company has been steadily building up its presence in France, where it has run its Amazon Prime Now express delivery service in Paris since 2016. In 2016, Amazon partnered with luxury food group Fauchon, organic food chain Bio c’ Bon and wine merchant Lavinia to extend the product range of its Prime Now service. Earlier this month, Amazon also said it would create 2,000 new jobs in France. “Amazon’s biggest challenge is that they aren’t seen as a food destination...What good is one-hour delivery without a compelling range of stuff?” said Natalie Berg, founder of retail consultancy firm NBK Retail. Last month, French supermarket retailer Leclerc said it would launch a food delivery service in Paris this year to fight off competition from Amazon, even though Leclerc itself has been seen a possible future partner of Amazon in France. Faced with the challenge from Amazon, France’s incumbent retailers have been looking to improve their online offerings. In November, Casino (CASP.PA) said it would use British online retailer Ocado’s (OCDO.L) e-commerce platform to expand its business. Last month, Carrefour (CARR.PA) also unveiled plans to boost its E-commerce investment and said it would seek a partnership in China with Tencent (0700.HK), in order to tackle the challenges posed by Amazon. 
968807632504049664	2018-02-28 11:18:33	https://t.co/zLBI8Zk5ij	U.S. tourist arrested in Cambodia accused of killing masseuse https://t.co/zLBI8Zk5ij	 PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodian police arrested a 24-year-old American tourist on Wednesday on suspicion of killing a masseuse by slitting her throat, police said. Police posted pictures of the suspect, identified as Shawn Daniel Sanchez, from Colorado, on their website after his arrest. He is accused of killing the 27-year-old masseuse on Tuesday night in Kep province in the south. Sanchez was arrested in the nearby province of Kampot, police said. The U.S. Embassy in Phnom Penh declined to comment. 
968802277082451968	2018-02-28 10:57:16	https://t.co/ty4B5148z5	Irish PM says up to UK and DUP to detail alternative border proposals https://t.co/ty4B5148z5	 DUBLIN (Reuters) - Ireland said on Wednesday the British government and its Northern Irish allies must offer alternative proposals or risk triggering a backstop agreement which would avoid customs checks at the Irish border after Britain leaves the European Union. Brexit negotiators agreed in December that Northern Ireland, which is set to become the United Kingdom’s only land frontier with the EU, will in a worst case scenario stay aligned with the rules of the bloc’s single market and customs union once Britain leaves. The agreement was put into legal effect in a draft treaty on Wednesday. But it was criticized by politicians in Northern Ireland as constitutionally unacceptable and British Prime Minister Theresa May said no government could ever agree to it. “It’s not okay for people, whether pro-Brexit politicians in Britain or parties in Northern Ireland, to just say‘no’ now. It’s incumbent on them, if they can’t accept the backstop, well then they must detail how Option A or B would work,” Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar told Ireland’s Newstalk radio station. “ And actually write them down, they can’t be theoretical stuff about congestion charges and tolling in another country,” he said, referring to British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson’s suggestion that technology similar to that used for traveling between two London boroughs could apply to the Irish border. Britain’s government, grappling with one of the most complex aspects of its departure from the EU, has promised to preserve the integrity of its own internal market and Northern Ireland’s place within it. It says it does not want a hard border between Ireland and Northern Ireland, or physical border infrastructure of any kind across the 500-km (300-mile) frontier. It reiterated on Wednesday that it aims to avoid checks and controls there via a future EU-British economic relationship. If this is not possible, Britain says it will propose“specific solutions to address the unique circumstances”. Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney expressed frustration that nobody knew what either of those options looked like. He said Dublin was not looking to pick a fight but was crying out for some certainty with Brexit just over a year away. In Brussels, the EU’s chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier denied that the contingency plan would loosen Northern Ireland’s constitutional ties to the rest of the United Kingdom, although he conceded there might have to be extra checks on trade between the two. The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP), on whom May relies for a slim parliamentary ay majority to see through her Brexit legislation, reacted furiously, saying it would be economically catastrophic for Northern Ireland not to have unfettered access to the British market. Even the smaller, more moderate Ulster Unionist Party voiced strong opposition, describing the draft treaty as“nothing short of a move by the EU to annex the British province”. “I think we’re now facing the biggest test in the resolve and character of this government in terms of how you deal with the EU,” Ian Paisley, one of 10 DUP lawmakers who back May, told her Northern Irish minister at a parliamentary committee. “I’d ask the government to show some teeth now to the European Union that we will not be rolling over to their demands about annexing part of our union.” 
968800229976956928	2018-02-28 10:49:08	https://t.co/YTCY1DVWgo	School restarts in South Sudan, in theory https://t.co/YTCY1DVWgo	 JUBA (Reuters) - Some of South Sudan’s 6,000 schools opened for a new academic year this month — but the government does not know how many. Teachers have not been paid. Many of them, and their pupils, are on the run after four years of fighting. In the capital, classrooms are filled with hungry displaced families. The United Nations Children’s Fund estimated in December that three-quarters of children are out of school, threatening to create a second“lost generation” of uneducated adults in a country in danger of becoming a failed state. Some are the children of the original“lost boys” - the nickname for the generation that survived South Sudan’s 22-year liberation war from Sudan only to be caught up in a new conflict two years after it won independence in 2011. Men like Lawrence Samuel had hoped for food, peace and education for his own children. But the civil war shattered those dreams. He could not pay for any of his children to finish school. Most of his neighbors cannot even pay for food. “If you ask a child in primary school questions,” he said,“He will not answer you because his mind is very far away, thinking of food.” Last year, only half of schools opened, said Education Minister Deng Deng Hoc, whose officials are still trying to gauge how many are open now, three weeks into the new term. Tens of thousands of people have died and 4.5 million people have fled their homes since clashes between troops loyal to President Salva Kiir and former vice president Riek Machar broke out in the oil-rich new country in 2013. Almost three-quarters of the adult population is illiterate, one of the highest rates in the world, according to the UN Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO). The latest attempt to end the conflict, a ceasefire signed in December, was violated within hours. Many schools are deserted in abandoned towns and villages around the country. Nearly 19,000 children have been recruited by armed groups, the U.N. said, although several hundred were released this month. But militias easily lure children by offering them food and protection. On Monday, the U.N. said more than 7 million people - nearly two-thirds of the population - would have problems finding food this year. Parts of the country are experiencing shortages close to last year’s famine.[L8N1QG21T] If they are lucky, mothers might be able to choose between feeding their children and sending them to school. Two of Salaw Adam’s five children were in school last year. She won’t be sending any this year, she said, after school fees doubled from 1,000 to 2,000 South Sudanese pounds per term, equivalent to $9 on the black market this week. “Of course, missing school will affect them,” she said quietly, wringing her hands.“But what can I do?” Fighting forced oil companies to shut down most of the country’s production, slashing government revenues. Education ministry director general Daniel Swaka Ngwanki said salaries for the last three months of the previous academic term, which ended in December, have not been paid. The government allocated 3 percent of its 2017/18 budget to education. More than 50 percent went to security and administration, including President Kiir’s office. Neighboring Kenya spent 7.3 percent of its national budget on education this year. Ateny Wek Ateny, Kiir’s spokesman, said the presidency needed a large budget because cash-strapped ministers were constantly asking for bailouts. “When other departments are supposed to spend and they couldn’t find any (money) ... they will come to the office of the president to ask for intervention,” he said. Even if teachers’ salaries had been paid, Ngwanki said, rampant inflation means a teachers’ monthly salary of 1,500 South Sudanese pounds won’t even buy a bag of cooking charcoal. “Many teachers have deserted the profession,” he said. The U.N. estimates around a third of teachers have left their posts. Former teacher Garang Mabior Deng is among those. He quit in February. He left to work at a private company offering him twice his teaching salary:“I decided to teach because I loved helping my country, but after two years, it was impossible to take care of my family.” One of those desperate to continue his education is 10-year-old Ladu, who was in his fourth year of primary school when administrators kicked him out because he did not have proper clothes, he said. “I would like to go back if I could get the uniform and shoes,” he said, as he crouched barefoot at an outdoor restaurant in Juba. For tonight, the most he can hope for is scraps from a sympathetic diner’s plate. 
968800229872070656	2018-02-28 10:49:08	https://t.co/5rKlSood6s	Nigeria's ruling party endorses Buhari for second term: sources https://t.co/5rKlSood6s	 ABUJA (Reuters) - The national executive committee of Nigeria’s ruling party has passed a vote of confidence in its leaders including President Muhammadu Buhari, it said on Wednesday. The committee, whose decisions determine the direction of the president’s All Progressives Congress (APC) party, held a one-day meeting which concluded late on Tuesday. In an emailed statement it said the body had approved a one-year extension for party executives, including Buhari. “By this decision, all affected officers will continue in acting capacity for another period of 12 months after the expiration of their current term,” it said in the statement. Nigeria’s parties must select their candidates for the 2019 presidential election between Aug. 18 and Oct. 7 this year. Presidential and parliamentary elections are scheduled to take place on Feb. 16, 2019. Two senior party sources told Reuters on Wednesday that the national executive committee had endorsed Buhari to seek a second term in next year’s election. Buhari, 75, has not said whether he intends to seek re-election. “The party made it clear that this endorsement is not an automatic ticket for the president,” one of the sources said, adding that the party would still conduct a presidential primary to be fair to other potential candidates. The national executive committee is made up of party grandees, including many state governors who have already publicly stated their support for any bid by Buhari to seek re-election. But a presidential spokesman, Femi Adesina, said the election had not been discussed. “A vote of confidence was passed on the president and the national chairman. Nothing about the presidential election was discussed,” said Adesina. Buhari won power in May 2015 but spent five months on medical leave in Britain last year for an unspecified ailment, raising questions over whether he was well enough to stand again. Adebayo Shittu, Nigeria’s minister of communications who played a prominent role in Buhari’s 2015 campaign, said in January he would chair a group to support the re-election of Buhari and Vice President Yemi Osinbajo. Campaigning for the re-election of a president in Nigeria has often started with such support groups before the incumbent declares his intention to run again. 
968797948476841984	2018-02-28 10:40:04	https://t.co/xGr4ISDRjy	Amazon launches music streaming service in India https://t.co/xGr4ISDRjy https://t.co/ri7tEamp0j	 MUMBAI (Reuters) - Amazon.com Inc launched its music-streaming service in India on Wednesday, its latest offering to drive customers to shop more on its flagship e-commerce platform. Amazon Prime Music will be available at no extra cost to members of Prime, the world’s largest online retailer’s customer loyalty plan that costs an annual 999 rupees ($15.30) and offers faster deliveries, access to early deals and a subscription to its video streaming service. “Our entire music organization - Seattle, San Francisco, Bangalore, Mumbai - we have all spent a lot of time, invested our time personally and our engineering resources in India, it’s a big priority for us,” Sean McMullan, Director International Expansion at Amazon Music, told reporters. The music service will compete, among others, with Tencent-backed local rival Gaana, which is raising $115 million in new funding, and Apple Inc’s music service. Amazon sees big growth potential in India and had committed to investing $5 billion in the country. reut.rs/2HT7QXq The Seattle, Washington-headquartered company is engaged in a high-stakes battle with home-grown Flipkart for a bigger piece of India’s fledgling online retail market that Morgan Stanley expects to grow to be worth $200 billion in a decade. 
968797295776026624	2018-02-28 10:37:29	https://t.co/XxnQwwBMnN	U.S. investor transfers interests in Philippine news site to fend off government 'attack' https://t.co/XxnQwwBMnN	 MANILA (Reuters) - An American investor in a Philippine news outlet whose license was revoked said on Wednesday it was transferring its interests to its local partners to remove an“artificial barrier” being used by the government to stifle its operations. A partner at Omidyar Network, the philanthropic arm of EBay founder Pierre Omidyar, said that it had agreed to donate to the managers of news site Rappler (www.rappler.com) its Philippine Depository Receipts (PDRs), but was not severing ties and would continue to support it. Rappler, known for its tough scrutiny of President Rodrigo Duterte, had its operating license revoked by the Securities and Exchange Commission last month for violating laws on foreign ownership. Duterte last week cited that decision in banning Rappler from covering his events, prompting outrage among local media groups. Rappler is operating normally pending an appeal and says the SEC decision is baseless, because its foreign investors neither owned shares nor had a say in its operations. “This I think is a politically motivated attack, it is not a point of law. And so we feel that by making the decision, by donating the PDR, we are essentially taking away any barrier which has been put in place,” Stephen King, a partner at Omidyar Network, said in a teleconference with the media. Duterte has accused Rappler of being American-owned, and suggested several times that it was a tool of the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency, without saying how. Rappler rejects that. Though the Rappler complaint was brought to the SEC last year by the solicitor-general, a Duterte ally, the government denies it is going after Rappler or trying to stifle freedom of the media. Duterte’s spokesman, Harry Roque, said the move by Omidyar Network and Rappler was an acknowledgement that they had breached the constitution. “Hence, they should not have cried infringement of freedom of the press,” he said in a text message to reporters. Rappler has challenged Duterte by questioning the accuracy of his public statements and in its reporting of his government’s deadly war on drugs and ties to bloggers who have influenced online hate campaigns against his opponents and journalists. Rappler chief Maria Ressa insisted the transfer of the PDRs did not amount to an admission by Rappler that it had violated the law. “Definitely, Rappler is not giving in, and definitely we are not conceding that the SEC is right,” Ressa said in the same call, insisting Rappler is 100 percent Filipino-owned. “This truly gives the government a chance to prove that its actions are not politically motivated.” SEC chairwoman Teresita Herbosa in a text message told Reuters it was up to the appeals court to decide how, or if, the transfer of the PDRs would have any bearing on the case. 
968796107823296512	2018-02-28 10:32:46	https://t.co/MN1Ee50bZT	Senior South Korean cleric apologizes after priest accused of attempted rape https://t.co/MN1Ee50bZT	 SEOUL (Reuters) - One of South Korea’s top Roman Catholic clerics made a public apology on Wednesday after a woman parishioner complained that a senior priest had attempted to rape her, as criticism over the incident grows. The global anti-harassment movement, #MeToo, has only slowly taken off in South Korea, where discussion of sexual misconduct has long been taboo, and gender equality was ranked 118th among 144 nations by the World Economic Forum last year. Archbishop Kim Hee-joong is the most senior church official to comment after Suwon diocese, 40 km (25 miles) south of Seoul, the capital, suspended the priest last week over the alleged rape attempt during a religious mission to South Sudan in 2011. “The Catholic Bishop’s Conference of Korea somberly offers apologies to the victim and her family as well as those whom we have disappointed over the clerical sex abuse,” Kim, the head of the body, told a news conference. The priest could not immediately be reached for comment. Reuters could not ascertain contact details for the woman. Last week, the woman told national broadcaster KBS News she hoped the church can change for the better and South Korean society can build an environment for victims to speak out about their experiences of sexual abuse. Police have not charged the priest. The growing momentum of the #MeToo campaign has engulfed several high-profile South Koreans, veteran entertainers and actors among them, prompting President Moon Jae-in to urge law enforcement authorities to investigate sexual abuse claims. 
968795479432744961	2018-02-28 10:30:16	https://t.co/qOTy6GyHvK	In Japan, Twitter sees a surge of users - and revenue https://t.co/qOTy6GyHvK https://t.co/BcvvXH8l6i	 TOKYO/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Riding a wave of new users, improved advertising options and an embrace of video content by users and advertisers alike, Twitter Inc’s (TWTR.N) revenue has leaped in Japan, helping lead the company to its first quarterly profit. Earlier this month Twitter reported that sales in Japan jumped 34 percent in the last three months of 2017, compared with a year earlier, to $106 million. In Japan, Twitter’s success in converting users into revenue - a problem that has vexed the social network since its founding - has raised hopes it might lead to broader growth across the company. Investors and analysts, however, point to Japan-specific factors that may not be replicable elsewhere. The company seems to be innovating at a local level instead of simply localizing U.S. services, as is common at other tech firms, said Ryo Sakai, a senior planner for the interactive media division at Asatsu-DK Inc (9747.T), Japan’s third-largest advertising agency. “I get the impression that Twitter has, in the past year or two, been responding flexibly to advertisers’ requests,” he said. At the same time, the company has attracted more eyes in Japan: user numbers rose to about 45 million in October from about 40 million just over a year earlier. The reasons for that are complex, but ad industry executives say Twitter’s policy of allowing aliases and the idea of tweeting - sometimes translated as“muttering” in Japanese - allows Japanese users to express their opinions in a culture that tends to be outwardly reserved. “There is an ease to anonymity,” says Motohiko Tokuriki, chief marketing officer at Agile Media Network, which advises companies on the use of social media. Twitter has moved beyond text and pictures, offering rich video advertising options and providing an alternative to rivals such as Facebook Inc (FB.O), says Shinya Kobori, manager for the Twitter group at Dentsu Digital Inc, part of Japan’s largest advertising agency, Dentsu Inc (4324.T). The popularity of video on Twitter has been evident during the Winter Olympics. National broadcaster NHK’s video of figure skater Yuzuru Hanyu’s gold-medal-winning short program was watched more than 4 million times and shared 125,000 times. Facebook, which lagged home-grown rival Mixi Inc (2121.T) in the early days of social networks, has failed to dominate Japan as it has in the United States and Europe. Twitter now makes $2.36 per Japanese user, compared with $5.97 per user in the United States, according to data from the fourth quarter of 2017. That is nearly twice the $1.24 in revenue per non-U.S. user overall. Twitter has continued to grow its Japanese mobile user base over the last 18 months even as Facebook struggles to expand its app users numbers, data from Nielsen shows. And for advertisers targeting a population that has tuned out television, Twitter offers an attractive option: around three quarters of Japanese students over the age of 18 use it, compared with around a quarter on Facebook, according to Nielsen. With smartphones“overwhelmingly” used for social activities like watching video, demand for video advertising has been“explosive” says Masahiro Ajisawa, Japan-based senior director at Twitter Client Solutions. Japanese consumers were late to embrace smartphones but have accelerated their purchases, with domestic sales hitting a record high of 32 million units last year, data from the Tokyo-based MM Research Institute shows. Under the Twitter model, advertisers pay to push their tweets into the feeds of users who may watch the video, retweet to their followers or click through to the advertiser’s website. Many of the websites of traditional media lack the latest ad options, and video-savvy net media have not taken root to the same extent in Japan as in countries like the U.S., said Yoshiya Nakamura, executive analyst at Nielsen Digital.Digital spending is on the rise, with the ad market for internet media growing 15 percent to 1.5 trillion yen in 2017 - its fourth straight year of double-digit expansion - compared with a 2.3 percent fall to 2.8 trillion yen for traditional media, according to Dentsu. The importance of Japan to Twitter is reflected by its choice to be one of three countries, along with the U.S. and the U.K., chosen for Twitter’s new“promote mode,” a subscription service that allows smaller business to pay to boost their tweets. Although Twitter expects its Japan growth to continue, it is less clear whether the success will be replicable elsewhere. One possibility could be the Middle East, where revenue per user remains low despite a large number of users, said Ross Gerber, chief executive of U.S. investment firm Gerber Kawasaki. 
968793888424103937	2018-02-28 10:23:56	https://t.co/crhGCzYyir	Saudi Crown Prince expected to visit U.S. March 19-22: source https://t.co/crhGCzYyir	 RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman is expected to travel to the United States for a short visit from March 19 to 22, a Saudi government source said on Wednesday. The prince is expected to visit Washington D.C., New York City and Boston, the source told Reuters, adding that the details of the trip have yet to be finalized. The trip will be the Prince Mohammed’s first since he was named heir to the throne last summer, pushing aside his older cousin Mohammed bin Nayef. Prince Mohammed will also begin a visit to Britain on March 7 which will include talks with Prime Minister Theresa May on topics such as extremism and societal reform. 
968793670022516736	2018-02-28 10:23:04	https://t.co/wrFafxrKiJ	Top stockpicker T. Rowe Price has boosted bonds, cash allocations https://t.co/wrFafxrKiJ @trhunnicutt $TROW	 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Winning stockpicker T. Rowe Price Group Inc (TROW.O) has a message for investors: do not give up on bonds. “We’ve been lowering our allocation to stocks and have increased our allocation to bonds as well as cash,” in multi-asset portfolios, said Charles Shriver, co-head of the Asset Allocation Committee at T. Rowe Price, describing changes over the past“several quarters.” T. Rowe Price’s target-date retirement funds for 2015, 2020, 2025 and 2030 were recognized at the 2018 U.S. Thomson Reuters Lipper Fund Awards on Tuesday for their performance over three, five or 10 years. Two of the funds received trophies for their performance in every one of those time periods. “We have been reducing the risk profile in our portfolios,” Shriver told Reuters. The near-decade-long bull market in U.S. stocks has beefed up the average investor’s stock holdings, he said, and it may make sense for some investors to decrease their risk. Stocks are still expensive relative to their long-run records, according to Shriver. It may be a tough message to swallow for investors smarting from fixed-income losses. The average“core” bond fund posted a 1.9 percent decline this year, through Feb. 23, according to Thomson Reuters’ Lipper research unit. Investors are concerned that the U.S. Federal Reserve could be forced to raise rates more quickly than anticipated to prevent the economy overheating. Those fears have helped lift bond yields, pushing prices down. Benchmark 10-year Treasury notes US10YT=RR traded as high as 2.957 percent this year, from a low of 2.016 percent in 2017. Billionaire Warren Buffett on Saturday warned that high-grade bonds can increase the risk of an investment portfolio as inflation eats away at the return. Bonds will nonetheless retain their“role as a diversifier,” Shriver said. Bond prices tend not to move in the same direction of stocks over time, a divergence that helps investors stay invested and which Shriver expects to continue. Target-date funds, including those managed by T. Rowe Price, hold both stocks and bonds, with the proportion of debt instruments typically increasing as an investor nears retirement. With bond yields rising, so too is the reward for sitting in short-term bonds and cash. “You are getting compensated for liquidity,” said Shriver. He said T. Rowe Price also sees relative bargains in Europe and Japan’s stock markets. The asset manager has also been increasing its allocation to small-capitalization stocks, which Shriver said could benefit from U.S. corporate tax cuts. 
968789096700268544	2018-02-28 10:04:54	https://t.co/Eqh8joPjBB	Exclusive: Xi confidant set to become China's new spy master - sources https://t.co/Eqh8joPjBB	 BEIJING (Reuters) - A vice minister of public security, a close confidant of President Xi Jinping, is tipped to take over as China’s spy master, five sources said, as the country looks to clean up its security apparatus and plug intelligence gaps. China has poured billions of yuan into domestic security, but the secretive Ministry of State Security and the Ministry of Public Security in recent years have been hit with high-level corruption scandals and intelligence failings. Wang Xiaohong, 60, a vice minister of public security, will replace Chen Wenqing as minister of state security during the session of parliament which begins on March 5, three sources with ties to the leadership and two foreign diplomats said. Chen, 58, will become the country’s top prosecutor after a little more than a year as minister of state security, three of the sources said. The ministry is responsible for counter-intelligence, foreign intelligence and national security. The change of guard is part of a broader cabinet reshuffle during the two-week parliamentary session. Wang and President Xi have long-standing ties. Wang is a native of the southeastern province of Fujian, where Xi spent 17 years cutting his teeth from 1985 to 2002. Wang was deputy director of the Public Security Bureau of Fuzhou, the provincial capital of Fujian, from 1993 to 1998 and the city’s top police official from 1998 to 2002. Xi was Fuzhou party boss from 1990 to 1996 and provincial deputy party secretary until 2002. “They are very close,” a source with leadership ties said.“Wang Xiaohong used to help look after Xi Jinping’s daughter.” A second source with leadership ties said Wang’s rise had been fast-tracked in the same vein as other allies whose careers had overlapped with Xi in Fujian, most notably the Beijing party secretary Cai Qi, and Huang Kunming, who was promoted to head the central propaganda department late last year. Wang, a one-time fan factory worker joined the police force in Minhou county in Fujian in 1979. Neither the Communist Party’s Organisation Department, which oversees personnel decisions, nor the State Council Information Office, which doubles as the party spokesman’s office, responded to a request for comment. The Ministry of State Security does not have publicly listed contacts. Xi has made bolstering security, both domestic and overseas, a priority. In 2013, a year after Xi assumed power, China set up a new national security commission, which Xi also heads. While details of exactly how it operates and what it does are sketchy, the government has implied it has more of a domestic focus. Experts say it is based on the National Security Council in the United States and would increase coordination among the various wings of China’s security bureaucracy, split now among the police, military, intelligence and diplomatic services. Possible international flashpoints for China include North Korea, Taiwan and the South China Sea. The Ministry of State Security is also still recovering from a graft scandal. In 2015, Ma Jian, then counter-intelligence chief at the ministry, was put under investigation for corruption and expelled from the party the following year. There has been no official update on his case since February last year, when China’s judiciary said it would prosecute him for suspected bribery. A video confession surfaced on Chinese websites and social media in April in which Ma admitted to accepting bribes. He also said he abused his position to help China’s highest profile fugitive, Guo Wengui, an exiled U.S.-based billionaire who has made incendiary claims of corruption at the highest levels of the Chinese government. Guo has denied Ma’s allegations. Ma, once a vice minister of state security, is the most senior security official to be investigated since the former domestic security tsar Zhou Yongkang was ensnared in a graft scandal and jailed for life in 2015. The government announced in February last year that Ma would be prosecuted, but has given no other information since. “He’s coming in to sort out the mess Ma left behind,” said one Asian diplomat, speaking of Wang, the likely new minister. While China’s domestic security spending outstrips defense spending, though the government stopped providing exact figures four years ago, it has also struggled with some pointed intelligence failures. One of those has been to prevent Uighurs, a Muslim people from China’s far western region of Xinjiang, from traveling clandestinely to Turkey via Southeast Asia, where China says some of them have joined militant groups in Syria and Iraq. “China has poor intelligence on their movements and has been unable to produce much evidence” that they are indeed involved in militancy, said another diplomatic source, who is familiar with Chinese efforts to prevent the Uighurs from leaving and then trying and get them deported back to China. 
968786093293359106	2018-02-28 09:52:58	https://t.co/GewXKM6yqO	Taiwan warns its firms to be wary as China grants greater access https://t.co/GewXKM6yqO	 TAIPEI/BEIJING (Reuters) - Taiwan on Wednesday warned its companies and people to exercise caution and not rush to China’s embrace after Beijing released new measures meant to further ease investment by Taiwan firms. Taiwan companies have flocked to China since the two sides begun a detente in the 1980s, attracted by far lower costs and a common language and culture. China claims sovereignty over self-ruled Taiwan, and has pledged to make life easier for Taiwanese companies and people living in China, who the government views as essentially Chinese citizens. In its latest policy pledge, China’s Taiwan Affairs Office said the government would treat Taiwanese companies in certain sectors as equal to Chinese companies to help reduce manufacturing and operating costs. “They are aimed at sharing the opportunities of the mainland’s development with Taiwan compatriots,” the office said of the measures. However Taiwan’s Mainland Affairs Council urged vigilance, warning that China, which has not renounced the use of force to ensure eventual unification, had not changed its policy. China “recently has continued to tighten up and put pressure on us, and at the same time has come out with so-called ‘measures to benefit Taiwanese’ to entice our people”, it said. “The mainland side has for a long time repeatedly put forward many types of similar measures, all of which are aimed at unilaterally enhancing the benefits of its economic development goals and absorbing Taiwan’s resources,” the council added. Taiwan and China have different systems, laws and values, it added, in a pointed reference to Taiwan’s freewheeling democratic system in contrast to China’s autocratic form of government. “Before participating, companies and people should cautiously evaluate the risks and effects of the costs.” While China has become increasingly hostile towards Taiwan since Tsai Ing-wen from the pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party won the presidency two years ago, it has redoubled efforts to reach out to ordinary Taiwanese. Those have included incentives to young Taiwanese to set up businesses in China. Tsai has repeatedly expressed her goodwill towards China. Beijing, for its part, wants Tsai to acknowledge that Taiwan and China are part of the same country. In a speech to foreign diplomats in Taipei on Tuesday evening, Tsai said she would not change her position of maintaining the current status quo in the Taiwan Strait, a reference to Taiwan not seeking independence and China not seeking to force unification. “But I also want to remind people, maintaining the status quo is not the responsibility of one country. Maintaining the status quo needs the joint efforts of all countries in the whole region,” she said. 
968785043450683392	2018-02-28 09:48:48	https://t.co/zXz9P4Cn3V	Ivascyn generates big returns for Pimco Income Fund, not sound bites https://t.co/zXz9P4Cn3V by @jennablan https://t.co/GTa03GudoZ	 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dan Ivascyn, the group chief investment officer at Pacific Investment Management Co (Pimco), eschews making big, splashy investment or market calls, unlike his legendary predecessor, Bill Gross. “It is never only one person,” Ivascyn said in an interview, about investment ideas and fresh strategies.“Even those who use‘I’ a lot have very good teams that do the heavy-lifting.” Pimco’s emphasis on generating strong long-term risk-adjusted returns has been the key factor behind the success of the Pimco Income Fund (PIMIX), which on Tuesday captured the 2018 U.S. Thomson Reuters Lipper Fund Award in the multi-sector income category over a 10-year period. Pimco Income, overseen by Ivascyn and managing director and portfolio manager Alfred Murata, is No. 1 in its category with annualized returns of 9.14 percent over the last 10 years ended Feb. 26. Over the same period annualized, the Pimco Income fund has surpassed the benchmark Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond index by 3.74 percentage points. Todd Rosenbluth, director of mutual fund research at New York-based CFRA Research, said:“The fund has less interest-rate sensitivity than peers and the (Barclays) Agg, while offering more exposure to strong performing high-yield bonds.” He added that the Pimco Income fund had“balanced risk-and-reward” better than its peers. Pimco Income, whose assets have grown to the current $110 billion from $70 billion at the end of 2016, has become the biggest U.S. actively managed bond fund and is considered Pimco’s new flagship fund by investors and Wall Street analysts. “We have a solid team and constantly focus on enhancing our process,” Ivascyn said. The Pimco Income fund’s increase in fees at the start of the fourth quarter last year did not deter investors. The fund raised its fees by 5 cents per $100 on Oct. 2 for most share classes, bringing expenses for the institutional-class shares to 50 cents per $100. “The fund benefited in 2017 from its exposure to mortgage bonds as well as investment-grade and high-yield corporate bonds,” Rosenbluth said. Lipper also recognized Pimco’s Short-Term, Foreign Bond and StockPlus funds for their 10-year records in the respective ultra-short obligation, international income and equity categories. Pimco, a unit of Germany’s Allianz SE, has seen its assets under management recover dramatically since Gross’ abrupt exit in September 2014. As of December 2017, Pimco had $1.75 trillion under management, up from $1.52 trillion as of June 30, 2015 - but still down from $1.92 trillion at the beginning of 2014. Ivascyn said Newport Beach, California-based Pimco still makes big, bold economic and investment calls but there is no burning desire to publicize them as Gross did. In January, Gross, who is the manager of the Janus Henderson Global Unconstrained Bond fund, said bonds have entered a“mild bear market.” Gross said the bear market will not be the extreme inverse of the 30-year bull market, where interest rates declined from 15 percent to below 2 percent. “These concepts lead to great sound bites but have very little impact on actually making money for clients,” Ivascyn said. 
968773065676075008	2018-02-28 09:01:12	https://t.co/nQpoSjZ10f	China Xi's expansive agenda gets boost with move to end term limits https://t.co/nQpoSjZ10f	 BEIJING (Reuters) - In clearing the way to serve as Chinese president indefinitely, Xi Jinping has sought to head off speculation over his future and amass even more authority to implement his key political objectives, analysts and sources close to the leadership say. The removal of the 10-year limit on the presidency is part of proposed constitutional amendments announced on Sunday which lawmakers are expected to rubber stamp at an annual meeting of parliament starting March 5. China’s state-controlled media have sought to justify the surprise move as one that guarantees stable leadership as China enters a period that Xi has identified as crucial in his vision to restore the country to its rightful place as a global power. The move has, however, been met with some disquiet from political elites and the broader public. Xi has used his presidency to champion China’s increasingly expansive international agenda, from his country’s claims in the South China Sea to his signature global infrastructure plan, the Belt and Road Initiative. At the Communist Party’s key five-yearly congress last October, he enunciated new long-term goals for China to become a“global leader” in terms of international influence, with a“world class” military force by the middle of the century. “If we’re beginning to see a much more aggressive international posture by China, expect more of that, turned up to 11,” said one Beijing-based political analyst who declined to be named because of the sensitivity of the subject. Central to Xi’s rhetoric of Chinese rejuvenation includes eventual unification with self-ruled democratic Taiwan, which Beijing has claimed as its own since 1949 when Chiang Kai-shek’s routed Nationalist troops fled to the island. Proudly democratic Taiwan has shown no interest in being run by an autocratic China, and indeed many Taiwanese identify less and less with the mainland despite the close cultural ties. “Reunification with Taiwan is an indispensable part of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation,” a source with ties to the leadership told Reuters. Taiwan’s Mainland Affairs Council said in a statement on Monday that constitutional amendments were China’s“internal affairs” and that it would not“jump to a conclusion” about potential implications for Taiwan. David Kelly, director at the China Policy research company, said Xi’s full agenda on the domestic front, including concerns over high levels of debt in the economy and tackling a major overhaul of the country’s financial sector,“require you not be in a lame duck role”. “His solutions to domestic problems is where it begins and ends,” said Kerry Brown, director of the Lau China Institute at King’s College in London. ONE-MAN RULE The limit of two five-year presidential terms was written into China’s constitution after Mao Zedong’s death in 1976 by Deng Xiaoping, who espoused collective leadership in explicit recognition of the dangers of one-man rule and the cult of personality. Life tenure in leading posts and over-concentration of power, Deng said in 1980, were“major problems” which threatened to impede the progress of the party and risked“seriously alienating” the people. Critics say that far from providing stability, Xi’s extended tenure would only serve to reintroduce uncertainty and power struggles to future Communist Party leadership transitions. The constitutional amendments were discussed in January at the Second Plenum of the 204-member Central Committee, a key Communist Party decision-making body, but there were reservations and no consensus was reached, according to two sources with ties to senior officials. “There were differing voices,” the first source told Reuters, adding that the deadlock was a significant reason why a third plenum, normally held in the autumn, was organized this week. The source said the announcement of the constitutional amendments on Sunday, a day before the three-day plenary session, was designed to railroad the proposal. “The manner in which Xi is forcing through the changes is drastic, it was not consensus-based,” said the second source.“It was forceful and may offend many people, not just liberals.” China’s State Council Information Office, which doubles as the office of the party’s spokesman, did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Despite a state media propaganda push, the prospect of Xi’s indefinite rule prompted many Chinese social media users to circumvent internet censors and share wry political memes on social media, some drawing unflattering comparisons with authoritarian rule in North Korea. Still, the party believes it has found the best model of government for China - and is not afraid to shout about it as it looks at a West many in China believe is stagnating and is increasingly hostile towards Beijing and its political system. “Democracy, which has been explored and practiced by Western societies for hundreds of years, is ulcerating,” an editorial in the Global Times, which often expresses nationalist views, said Wednesday. “Our country must not be disturbed by the outside world or lose our confidence as the West grows increasingly vigilant toward China.” 
968773065625698304	2018-02-28 09:01:12	https://t.co/O5JKsjcbz8	Syrian government gains ground on second day of Russian truce: monitor https://t.co/O5JKsjcbz8	 BEIRUT/GENEVA (Reuters) - Syrian government forces launched a ground assault on the edge of the rebel-held eastern Ghouta enclave on Wednesday, seeking to gain territory despite a Russian plan for five-hour daily ceasefires, a war monitor and sources on both sides said. Hundreds of people have died in 11 days of bombing of the eastern Ghouta, a swathe of towns and farms outside Damascus that is the last major rebel-controlled area near the capital. The onslaught has been one of the fiercest of Syria’s civil war, now entering its eighth year. The U.N. Security Council, including President Bashar al-Assad’s strongest ally Russia, passed a resolution on Saturday calling for a 30-day countrywide ceasefire. But the measure has not taken effect, with Moscow and Damascus saying they are battling members of terrorist groups excluded from the truce. Russia has instead called for daily five-hour local ceasefires to establish what it calls a humanitarian corridor so aid can enter the enclave and civilians and wounded can leave. The first such truce took place on Tuesday but quickly collapsed when bombing and shelling resumed after a short lull. There were no air strikes during Wednesday’s five-hour ceasefire, but heavy bombardment resumed in the afternoon, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group reported. There has been no sign of aid deliveries to the besieged area. President Vladimir Putin said that Russia had managed to evacuate“quite a big group” of civilians and that Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan had helped broker the evacuation. He did not say when the civilians had managed to leave. State-run Anadolu news agency quoted Turkish presidential spokesman Ibrahim Kalin as saying Erdogan had asked for the evacuation of around 700 people from eastern Ghouta a month ago. Kalin said Russia told Turkey the civilians had been taken to southern Damascus a week later, despite Erdogan’s request for them to receive treatment in Turkey. The Observatory said it could not confirm the evacuation. Moscow and Damascus have accused rebels of shelling the corridor to prevent people leaving. Rebels deny this, and say people will not depart eastern Ghouta because they fear the government. Wednesday’s ground assault targeted the Hawsh al-Dawahra area at the eastern edge of the enclave. The Observatory reported advances by the government forces in the area, describing it as the resumption of an assault that first began on Feb. 25. It said rebels had inflicted heavy losses on government forces. An official with one of the rebel groups in eastern Ghouta said fighters were battling to repel an attempted incursion, and characterized the battle as“back and forth”. A commander in the military alliance that backs Assad said an elite unit of the Syrian army, the Tiger Force, was taking part in the assault and advances had been made. France’s foreign ministry called on Russia and Iran, Assad’s other military ally, to exert“maximum pressure” on the Syrian government to implement the 30-day ceasefire. But with no sign of decisive international pressure to stop the attack, eastern Ghouta appears on course to eventually meet the same fate as other areas won back by the government in lengthy, punishing assaults, where rebels and civilians who oppose Assad were finally evacuated in negotiated withdrawals. Damascus appears to be applying tried and tested military means, combining air strikes and bombardment with ground assaults, as it did to recapture eastern Aleppo in 2016. A senior Western diplomat said Russia appeared intent on a repeat of Aleppo in eastern Ghouta by evacuating the area and then killing“the terrorists even if it’s not just Nusra”, a reference to a jihadist group with al Qaeda links. A senior U.S. general on Tuesday accused Moscow of acting as“both arsonist and firefighter” by failing to rein in Assad. Diplomatic sources have said the chemical weapons watchdog, the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, opened an investigation into attacks in eastern Ghouta to determine whether banned munitions were used. The United States says it has evidence Syrian forces have used chlorine, which is permitted for civilian purposes but banned as a weapon, in attacks in eastern Ghouta and elsewhere. U.S. disarmament ambassador Robert Wood said on Wednesday that Russia has violated its duty to guarantee the destruction of Syria’s chemical weapons stockpile and prevent the Assad government from using poison gas. Syria agreed to give up its stockpile of poison gas and join the international chemical weapons ban in 2013 under a Russian-brokered deal that averted U.S. retaliatory air strikes after a nerve gas attack killed hundreds of people in Ghouta. Washington accused Damascus last year of again using nerve gas and carried out a round of air strikes as punishment. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said Syria had eliminated its poison gas stockpiles, and described allegations it was still using chemical weapons as“absurd”. U.N. political affairs chief Jeffrey Feltman told the Security Council on Wednesday the scale of attacks by the Syrian government against eastern Ghouta“cannot be justified on the basis of targeting Jabhat al Nusra fighters.” “The air strikes, shelling, and ground offensives continue. There are even reports of yet another chlorine gas attack. What we need is implementation of 2401, and that is not happening,” Feltman said. Lavrov said militants entrenched in eastern Ghouta were blocking aid and the evacuation of people who want to leave. Moscow would continue to support the Syrian army in totally defeating the“terrorist threat”, Lavrov told the U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva. Rebels have intensified shelling of nearby government-held Damascus. A medical official in the capital said on Monday 36 people had been killed in four days. Damascus and Moscow say the campaign in eastern Ghouta is needed to halt such shelling. The multi-sided Syrian war has killed hundreds of thousands of people and driven half of the pre-war population of 23 million from their homes. Fighting has escalated on several fronts this year, with the collapse of Islamic State giving rise to conflict between other Syrian and foreign parties. As Assad has pressed the offensive against eastern Ghouta, Turkey has launched an incursion against Kurdish fighters in the northwestern Afrin region. 
968773065604829184	2018-02-28 09:01:12	https://t.co/lEpmDWDSlu	South Korea says complains to Chinese ambassador about military jet in its airspace https://t.co/lEpmDWDSlu	 SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea summoned the Chinese ambassador on Tuesday to lodge a complaint over a Chinese military aircraft entering the South’s air defence territory, the second such incident this year, the foreign ministry said on Wednesday. The Chinese aircraft flew for more than four hours inside South Korea’s air defence identification zone (KADIZ) on Tuesday, prompting the South to scramble multiple fighter jets to track it, a South Korean defence official told Reuters. China’s Ambassador Qiu Guohong was told the military jet’s flight into South Korean airspace had been“unfortunate” and urged to prevent similar instances from occurring again, the ministry said in a statement. Three other Chinese officials based in South Korea had been summoned to the defence ministry earlier in the day for the incident, which occurred near South Korea’s island of Ulleungdo off its east coast. The aircraft was told to“halt its threatening flight” and“any other actions that could raise the possibility of sudden conflict”, said the South Korean defence official, adding Chinese officials told South Korea’s military the aircraft’s movements had been part of regular military exercises. Speaking in Beijing, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said China’s sending of an aircraft for training in the“relevant air space” was completely in line with international law and practice. “Air defence identification zones are not territorial air space. There is absolutely no justification for South Korea to criticise China on the basis of a so-called ADIZ,” Lu told a daily news briefing. A Chinese military aircraft entered the KADIZ on Jan. 29, while two similar instances were observed in 2017. 
968769014729269248	2018-02-28 08:45:06	https://t.co/teJ08gc34m	Iraq open to business, including with Rosneft, foreign minister says https://t.co/teJ08gc34m	 MOSCOW (Reuters) - Baghdad is open to business with any company interested in supporting the country, Iraqi Foreign Minister Ibrahim al-Jafari said in Moscow on Wednesday, answering a question about the activities of Russia’s Rosneft in the region. “We are not closing doors for any company, which wants to help us,” he told a news conference, responding to a question about a report in Russian media that Igor Sechin, the head of oil giant Rosneft, may visit Iraq. Rosneft has contracts in the region of Kurdistan where a controversial independence referendum has sparked tensions with Baghdad. 
968766515167326209	2018-02-28 08:35:10	https://t.co/aCoDXAEUZk	Asian shares slide as weak China and Japan manufacturing data add to Fed worries https://t.co/aCoDXAEUZk https://t.co/5t23qhMhtR	 NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rose to five-week highs on Wednesday on the prospect of tighter monetary policy and an upbeat U.S. economic outlook from the Federal Reserve’s new chief, while global equity markets slid on declines by China’s Tencent and Celgene Corp. Also pushing the greenback higher was euro zone inflation slowing to a 14-month low, which knocked the euro to six-week lows and underscored the European Central Bank’s caution in removing monetary stimulus in the region. The dollar in February posted its strongest monthly performance since November 2016 as it also rose to a two-month high against the Canadian dollar and a six-week high against sterling. “The dollar has found tailwinds in America’s sturdy economy and its hawkish central bank,” said Joe Manimbo, senior market analyst at Western Union Business Solutions in Washington. The dollar index gained 0.34 percent, with the euro down 0.27 percent to $1.2198. The Japanese yen firmed 0.55 percent versus the greenback at 106.73 per dollar. Stocks globally snapped a record 15-month winning streak, pulled lower by Chinese conglomerate Tencent Holdings because of its large stake in Singapore-based Sea Ltd, an online gaming and e-commerce firm, and Celgene. Sea posted a larger-than-expected fourth-quarter loss and the departure of its president, who was the public face of its U.S. listing last year. Sea ADR’s fell 10.6 percent in New York. Celgene said late Tuesday that U.S. health regulators rejected its application seeking approval of a key multiple sclerosis drug due to insufficient data. The surprise development will likely delay the entry to market of one of Celgene’s most important pipeline assets. Tencent fell 3.1 percent, the biggest drag on MSCI’s all-country world index, which fell 1.1 percent as Celgene closed down 9 percent. The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index of leading regional shares fell 0.72 percent to close at 1,487.20. On Wall Street, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 380.83 points, or 1.5 percent, to 25,029.2. The S&P 500 lost 30.45 points, or 1.11 percent, to 2,713.83 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 57.35 points, or 0.78 percent, to 7,273.01. Longer-dated U.S. Treasury debt yields slipped on expectations that a faster pace of Federal Reserve interest rate increases would cool U.S. inflation and economic growth. U.S. economic growth slowed slightly more than initially thought in the fourth quarter as the strongest pace of consumer spending in three years drew in imports and depleted inventories. Benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury notes rose 11/32 in price to push their yield down to 2.8679 percent. Euro zone bond yields held near recent lows as inflation in the bloc slowed, potentially complicating the European Central Bank’s plan to remove stimulus and move towards raising rates. U.S. oil prices fell 2.3 percent and gasoline futures tumbled after the U.S. government said crude inventories rose more than expected while gasoline stocks posted a big build instead of the draw that was forecast. U.S. crude inventories rose by 3 million barrels for the week ending Feb. 23, compared with analyst expectations for a build of 2.1 million barrels. [EIA/S] U.S. crude fell $1.37 to settle at $61.64 per barrel and Brent settled down $1.28 at $65.78. U.S. gold futures settled down 70 cents or 0.1 percent, at $1,317.90 per ounce. 
968764812619599873	2018-02-28 08:28:24	https://t.co/9CCCwmFGPj	Cambodia 'shocked' by 'disrespectful' U.S. aid cut, says democracy intact https://t.co/9CCCwmFGPj	 PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodia said on Wednesday it was saddened and shocked by a“disrespectful” U.S. decision to rein back aid programs because of perceived democratic setbacks and defended its record on democracy. The White House said on Tuesday it was suspending or curtailing several Treasury, USAID and military assistance programs that support Cambodia’s military, taxation department and local authorities - all of which, it said, shared blame for recent instability. A Cambodian court on Tuesday ordered the seizure of the headquarters of the main opposition party, pending the payment of damages to Prime Minister Hun Sen, the latest blow to the dissolved opposition Cambodia National Rescue Party. Hun Sen, who has ruled Cambodia for more than 30 years, has forced the closure of an English-language newspaper and jailed government critics, including opposition leader Kem Sokha, whom he has accused of conspiring with the United States to overthrow him. Rights groups and Western nations have decried the crackdown on the opposition ahead of a general election set for July 29. “Besides being saddened and shocked over the decision by the friendly nation over development assistance, Cambodia is proud to maintain and continue democracy with energy,” government spokesman Phay Siphan told Reuters on Wednesday. Phay Siphan called the aid cut“disrespectful” and“dishonest” as it builds democracy. “Democracy belongs to the people, not to the party that is already dissolved,” he said.“Cambodia had a bitter experience during the interventions of the United States and Western nations, which tried to set up democracy between 1970 and 1975, and they failed,” he said. Hun Sen has never forgiven the United States for dropping bombs on Cambodia during the Vietnam War, which ended in 1975. Cambodia ranks among the world’s nations most littered with unexploded ordnance, says the Mines Advisory Group, which helps find and destroy unexploded devices that kill or injure an average of two Cambodians every week. The White House said that Washington had spent more than $1 billion in support for Cambodia and that assistance in health, agriculture and mine-clearing will continue. 
968761859934425088	2018-02-28 08:16:40	https://t.co/DuUInxwQsW	Syrian government forces gain ground in Ghouta: monitor https://t.co/DuUInxwQsW	 BEIRUT/GENEVA (Reuters) - Syrian government forces launched a ground assault on the edge of the rebel-held eastern Ghouta enclave on Wednesday, seeking to gain territory despite a Russian plan for five-hour daily ceasefires, a war monitor and sources on both sides said. Hundreds of people have died in 11 days of bombing of the eastern Ghouta, a swathe of towns and farms outside Damascus that is the last major rebel-controlled area near the capital. The onslaught has been one of the fiercest of Syria’s civil war, now entering its eighth year. The U.N. Security Council, including President Bashar al-Assad’s strongest ally Russia, passed a resolution on Saturday calling for a 30-day countrywide ceasefire. But the measure has not taken effect, with Moscow and Damascus saying they are battling members of terrorist groups excluded from the truce. Russia has instead called for daily five-hour local ceasefires to establish what it calls a humanitarian corridor so aid can enter the enclave and civilians and wounded can leave. The first such truce took place on Tuesday but quickly collapsed when bombing and shelling resumed after a short lull. There were no air strikes during Wednesday’s five-hour ceasefire, but heavy bombardment resumed in the afternoon, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group reported. There has been no sign of aid deliveries to the besieged area. President Vladimir Putin said that Russia had managed to evacuate “quite a big group” of civilians and that Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan had helped broker the evacuation. He did not say when the civilians had managed to leave. State-run Anadolu news agency quoted Turkish presidential spokesman Ibrahim Kalin as saying Erdogan had asked for the evacuation of around 700 people from eastern Ghouta a month ago. Kalin said Russia told Turkey the civilians had been taken to southern Damascus a week later, despite Erdogan’s request for them to receive treatment in Turkey. The Observatory said it could not confirm the evacuation. Moscow and Damascus have accused rebels of shelling the corridor to prevent people leaving. Rebels deny this, and say people will not depart eastern Ghouta because they fear the government. Wednesday’s ground assault targeted the Hawsh al-Dawahra area at the eastern edge of the enclave. The Observatory reported advances by the government forces in the area, describing it as the resumption of an assault that first began on Feb. 25. It said rebels had inflicted heavy losses on government forces. An official with one of the rebel groups in eastern Ghouta said fighters were battling to repel an attempted incursion, and characterized the battle as “back and forth”. A commander in the military alliance that backs Assad said an elite unit of the Syrian army, the Tiger Force, was taking part in the assault and advances had been made. France’s foreign ministry called on Russia and Iran, Assad’s other military ally, to exert “maximum pressure” on the Syrian government to implement the 30-day ceasefire. But with no sign of decisive international pressure to stop the attack, eastern Ghouta appears on course to eventually meet the same fate as other areas won back by the government in lengthy, punishing assaults, where rebels and civilians who oppose Assad were finally evacuated in negotiated withdrawals. Damascus appears to be applying tried and tested military means, combining air strikes and bombardment with ground assaults, as it did to recapture eastern Aleppo in 2016. A senior Western diplomat said Russia appeared intent on a repeat of Aleppo in eastern Ghouta by evacuating the area and then killing “the terrorists even if it’s not just Nusra”, a reference to a jihadist group with al Qaeda links. A senior U.S. general on Tuesday accused Moscow of acting as “both arsonist and firefighter” by failing to rein in Assad. Diplomatic sources have said the chemical weapons watchdog, the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, opened an investigation into attacks in eastern Ghouta to determine whether banned munitions were used. The United States says it has evidence Syrian forces have used chlorine, which is permitted for civilian purposes but banned as a weapon, in attacks in eastern Ghouta and elsewhere. U.S. disarmament ambassador Robert Wood said on Wednesday that Russia has violated its duty to guarantee the destruction of Syria’s chemical weapons stockpile and prevent the Assad government from using poison gas. Syria agreed to give up its stockpile of poison gas and join the international chemical weapons ban in 2013 under a Russian-brokered deal that averted U.S. retaliatory air strikes after a nerve gas attack killed hundreds of people in Ghouta. Washington accused Damascus last year of again using nerve gas and carried out a round of air strikes as punishment. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said Syria had eliminated its poison gas stockpiles, and described allegations it was still using chemical weapons as “absurd”. U.N. political affairs chief Jeffrey Feltman told the Security Council on Wednesday the scale of attacks by the Syrian government against eastern Ghouta “cannot be justified on the basis of targeting Jabhat al Nusra fighters.” “The air strikes, shelling, and ground offensives continue. There are even reports of yet another chlorine gas attack. What we need is implementation of 2401, and that is not happening,” Feltman said. Lavrov said militants entrenched in eastern Ghouta were blocking aid and the evacuation of people who want to leave. Moscow would continue to support the Syrian army in totally defeating the “terrorist threat”, Lavrov told the U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva. Rebels have intensified shelling of nearby government-held Damascus. A medical official in the capital said on Monday 36 people had been killed in four days. Damascus and Moscow say the campaign in eastern Ghouta is needed to halt such shelling. The multi-sided Syrian war has killed hundreds of thousands of people and driven half of the pre-war population of 23 million from their homes. Fighting has escalated on several fronts this year, with the collapse of Islamic State giving rise to conflict between other Syrian and foreign parties. As Assad has pressed the offensive against eastern Ghouta, Turkey has launched an incursion against Kurdish fighters in the northwestern Afrin region. 
968761859930230784	2018-02-28 08:16:40	https://t.co/F3kv5CkUok	Britain's Johnson says Northern Irish border issue being used to frustrate Brexit https://t.co/F3kv5CkUok	 LONDON (Reuters) - The issue of Northern Ireland’s border with the Republic of Ireland is being used to try and keep Britain in a customs union with the European Union and frustrate Brexit, Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said on Wednesday. The question of the border between Britain and the European Union on the island of Ireland has become one of the biggest sticking points of the Brexit negotiations. The EU and Britain agreed in December that a final resolution of the issue could not be reached without discussion of the future relationship, due to start in March. “The issue of the Northern Ireland border is being used quite a lot politically to try to keep the UK in the customs union and effectively the single market, so we can’t really leave the EU,” Johnson told Sky News. Johnson was speaking after Sky reported details of a letter Johnson had written to Prime Minister Theresa May in which he said it was“wrong to see the task as maintaining no border” on Ireland. Asked about the letter, Johnson said it had been mischaracterised and urged Sky to publish it in full. “What the letter says is that actually there are very good solutions we could put in place that would prevent any kind of hard border, but would allow goods... to move freely, without let or hindrance, whilst allowing the UK to come out of the customs union,” he said. The EU’s chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier said on Tuesday the EU would push ahead with contingency planning for the island of Ireland in the absence of concrete ideas on how to reconcile Britain’s desire to leave the single market and customs union with pledges to avoid a hard border. The EU’s fallback option for Ireland assumes“full regulatory alignment” would be kept between the two after Brexit and Barnier said he would present workable solutions on Wednesday. Pro-Brexit British lawmakers want the ability to diverge from EU regulations, and to leave the customs union in order to strike trade deals with other countries more freely. Britain’s trade minister Liam Fox on Tuesday attacked the opposition Labour’s party plans to remain in a customs union with the European Union on Tuesday, calling it a betrayal of the millions of people who voted for Brexit. 
968755120853962752	2018-02-28 07:49:54	https://t.co/pPdQcLV0TG	Indian police probing graft case arrest son of former finance minister Chidambaram https://t.co/pPdQcLV0TG	 NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Indian federal police arrested the son of former finance minister P. Chidambaram on Wednesday, but the agency which has been investigating suspected criminal misconduct related to approvals of investment deals, did not reveal the charges. Karti Chidambaram was detained at the airport in the southern city of Chennai and will be appear in court later in the day, Abhishek Dayal, spokesman of the Central Bureau of Investigation said. “The reasons for the arrest will be provided in the court.” P. Chidambaram, 72, served twice as finance minister in the Congress-led coalition that ran India for a decade, from 2004-08 and then from 2012 until the party’s election defeat at the hands of Modi’s Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in May 2014. He has been a vocal critic of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and current Finance Minister Arun Jaitley. Congress spokesman Randeep Singh Surjewala tweeted that the Modi government was continuing its “vendetta” against Chidambaram, and called the arrest a diversionary tactic to hide “scams and colossal corruption”. In May, police raided the homes of Chidambaram and his son as part of the probe into approvals of foreign investment proposals. 
968753061572284423	2018-02-28 07:41:43	https://t.co/yFnO3ak3Hk	Afghanistan's Ghani offers talks with Taliban 'without preconditions' https://t.co/yFnO3ak3Hk	 KABUL (Reuters) - Afghan President Ashraf Ghani offered recognition of the Taliban as a legitimate political group on Wednesday as part of a proposed political process that he said could lead to talks aimed at ending more than 16 years of war. The offer, made at the start of an international conference aimed at creating a platform for peace talks, adds to a series of signals from both the Western-backed government and the Taliban suggesting a greater willingness to consider dialogue. Ghani proposed a ceasefire and a release of prisoners as part of a range of options including new elections, involving the militants, and a constitutional review as part of a pact with the Taliban to end a conflict that last year alone killed or wounded more than 10,000 Afghan civilians. “We are making this offer without preconditions in order to lead to a peace agreement,” Ghani said in opening remarks to the conference attended by officials from around 25 countries involved in the so-called Kabul Process. “The Taliban are expected to give input to the peace-making process, the goal of which is to draw the Taliban, as an organisation, to peace talks,” he said, adding that he would not“pre-judge” any group seeking peace. The comments, a month after a suicide attack in central Kabul killed around 100 people, represented a change in tone for Ghani, who has regularly called the Taliban“terrorists” and“rebels” although he has also offered to talk with parts of the movement that accepted peace. The United Nations mission in Afghanistan welcomed the offer and said it“strongly supports the vision for peace through intra-Afghan dialogue”. The Taliban, fighting to restore Islamic rule after their 2001 defeat by U.S.-led troops, have offered to begin talks with the United States but have so far refused direct talks with Kabul. It was unclear whether they would be prepared to shift their stance, despite growing international pressure. However Ghani, who recently helped launch the latest stage in a major regional gas pipeline from Turkmenistan, said the momentum for peace was building from neighbouring countries that increasingly saw the necessity of a stable Afghanistan. “The Taliban show awareness of these contextual shifts and seem to be engaged in a debate on the implications of acts of violence for their future,” he said. Ghani said a framework for peace negotiations should be created with the Taliban recognised as a legitimate group, with their own political office to handle negotiations in Kabul or another agreed location. Taliban officials have acknowledged that they have faced pressure from friendly countries to accept talks and said their recent offers to talk to the United States reflected concern that they could be seen to be standing in the way of peace. There was no immediate response to Ghani’s offer although one Taliban official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said it was being studied by senior Taliban leaders. Ghani said the process would be accompanied by coordinated diplomatic support including a global effort to persuade neighbouring Pakistan, which Kabul has regularly accused of aiding the Taliban, of the advantages of a stable Afghanistan. He renewed an offer of talks with Pakistan, which rejects the accusations and points to the thousands of its citizens who have been killed by militant groups over the years. In return for Ghani’s offer, the Taliban would have to recognise the Afghan government and respect the rule of law, including the rights of women, one of the priorities for Afghanistan’s international partners. In addition, Taliban prisoners could be released and their names removed from international blacklists, while security arrangements could be made for Taliban agreeing to join a process of reconciliation. Former fighters and refugees could be reintegrated and provided with jobs. The United States last year stepped up its military assistance to Afghanistan, notably through a sharp increase in air strikes, with the aim of breaking a stalemate with the insurgents and forcing them to the negotiating table. While the U.S. military says the strategy has hit the Taliban hard, they still control or contest much of the country and continue to inflict severe casualties on Afghan forces. They also claimed responsibility for two major attacks in Kabul last month that killed or wounded hundreds of civilians. 
968753050759417856	2018-02-28 07:41:40	https://t.co/BlKnGaxuUo	Jerusalem's Church of Holy Sepulchre reopens after protest https://t.co/BlKnGaxuUo	 JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Jerusalem’s Church of the Holy Sepulchre, revered as the site of Jesus’s crucifixion and burial, reopened on Wednesday after Israel backtracked on Tuesday from a tax plan and draft property legislation that triggered a three-day protest. The rare decision on Sunday by church leaders to close the ancient holy site, a favorite among tourists and pilgrims, with the busy Easter holiday approaching put extra pressure on Israel to re-evaluate and suspend the moves. After receiving a statement from the office of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Roman Catholic, Greek Orthodox and Armenian clergy announced on Tuesday the church would reopen the next morning. Before dawn on Wednesday, Wajeeh Nusseibeh, who is charge of locking and unlocking the church, climbed a stepladder and turned the key to open its main wooden door. “It’s one of the holiest sites for our religion and we prayed very hard these last three days that things would change and it would be open for us to be able to go in,” said an American pilgrim, who gave her name only as Laurie. An Israeli committee led by cabinet minister Tzachi Hanegbi will negotiate with church representatives to try to resolve the dispute over plans to tax commercial properties owned by the church in Jerusalem, Netanyahu’s statement said. Church leaders, in a joint statement, welcomed the dialogue. “After the constructive intervention of the prime minister, the churches look forward to engage with Minister Hanegbi, and with all those who love Jerusalem to ensure that our holy city, where our Christian presence continues to face challenges, remains a place where the three monotheistic faiths (Judaism, Islam and Christianity) may live and thrive together.” The Jerusalem Municipality, Netanyahu said, would suspend tax collection actions it had taken in recent weeks.Mayor Nir Barkat has said the churches owed the city more than $180 million in property tax from their commercial holdings, adding that“houses of worship” would remain exempt. While the review of the tax plan is under way, work on legislation that would allow Israel to expropriate land in Jerusalem that churches have sold to private real estate firms in recent years will also be suspended, Netanyahu said. The bill’s declared aim is to protect homeowners against the possibility private companies will not extend their leases of land on which their residences stand. Churches are major landowners in Jerusalem. They say such a law would make it harder for them to find buyers for their land- sales that help to cover operating costs of their religious institutions. 
968737550956449795	2018-02-28 06:40:05	https://t.co/ovRcYLToYO	Amazon buys startup Ring in $1 billion deal to run your home security https://t.co/ovRcYLToYO https://t.co/aVXk08Nloo	 (Reuters) - Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) has agreed to buy video doorbell maker Ring, the companies said on Tuesday, in what analysts see as a growing bet on delivering packages inside of shoppers’ homes and on home security. The deal valued Ring at more than $1 billion, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters. Amazon declined to discuss the terms. Ring is set to be one of Amazon’s most expensive takeovers, after its $13.7 billion deal last year for Whole Foods Market. The world’s largest online retailer believes that selling internet-connected gadgets from Kindle e-readers to its new Cloud Cam will spark more shopping on Amazon.com. Ring offers the company a popular consumer electronics brand that it might not have replicated internally. More importantly, Ring’s security devices could work well with Amazon Key, a smart lock and camera system that lets delivery personnel put packages inside a home to avoid theft or, in the case of fresh food, spoiling. “As Amazon moves more aggressively into the grocery delivery space... we believe smart security devices will be an important factor in driving user adoption,” Baird Equity Research analyst Colin Sebastian said in a note. Amazon’s Alexa Fund, which offers venture capital to companies working on voice technology, invested in the Santa Monica, California-based Ring. Currently, Ring devices can integrate with Amazon’s voice-controlled assistant Alexa. Users of Amazon’s Echo Show device can say,“Alexa, show my front door” to receive a live feed of activity around their home via Ring cameras. The deal creates potential for much more, analysts said. “Amazon more than Ring can revolutionize home security,” Wedbush Securities analyst Michael Pachter said. U.S. security and alarm company ADT could be the biggest loser, he added. Ring’s“camera technology is far superior to physical security ... With Amazon having roughly 100 million Prime members, that’s a big addressable market for them to start selling this into.” Shares of ADT Inc (ADT.N) fell more than 2 percent after the news to close at $11.60. Amazon stock closed down 0.7 percent. Amazon was working on a competing smart lock with camera prior to the deal, according to a separate person familiar with the matter. Its decision to buy Ring underscores the task startups have trying to win in the home security space. “For consumer businesses, it’s going to be challenging to compete with folks like Google and Amazon,” said Luke Schoenfelder, chief executive of Latch, which sells smart lock systems to apartment building owners. Amazon acquired the maker of Blink home security cameras for about $90 million late last year, Reuters reported. 
968736285123891200	2018-02-28 06:35:03	https://t.co/3ddeFEsap1	Afghanistan's Ghani offers peace talks with Taliban 'without condition' https://t.co/3ddeFEsap1	 KABUL (Reuters) - Afghan President Ashraf Ghani offered recognition of the Taliban as a legitimate political group on Wednesday as part of a proposed political process that he said could lead to talks aimed at ending more than 16 years of war. The offer, made at the start of an international conference aimed at creating a platform for peace talks, adds to a series of signals from both the Western-backed government and the Taliban suggesting a greater willingness to consider dialogue. Ghani proposed a ceasefire and a release of prisoners as part of a range of options including new elections, involving the militants, and a constitutional review as part of a pact with the Taliban to end a conflict that last year alone killed or wounded more than 10,000 Afghan civilians. “We are making this offer without preconditions in order to lead to a peace agreement,” Ghani said in opening remarks to the conference attended by officials from around 25 countries involved in the so-called Kabul Process. “The Taliban are expected to give input to the peace-making process, the goal of which is to draw the Taliban, as an organisation, to peace talks,” he said, adding that he would not“pre-judge” any group seeking peace. The comments, a month after a suicide attack in central Kabul killed around 100 people, represented a change in tone for Ghani, who has regularly called the Taliban“terrorists” and“rebels” although he has also offered to talk with parts of the movement that accepted peace. The United Nations mission in Afghanistan welcomed the offer and said it“strongly supports the vision for peace through intra-Afghan dialogue”. The Taliban, fighting to restore Islamic rule after their 2001 defeat by U.S.-led troops, have offered to begin talks with the United States but have so far refused direct talks with Kabul. It was unclear whether they would be prepared to shift their stance, despite growing international pressure. However Ghani, who recently helped launch the latest stage in a major regional gas pipeline from Turkmenistan, said the momentum for peace was building from neighbouring countries that increasingly saw the necessity of a stable Afghanistan. “The Taliban show awareness of these contextual shifts and seem to be engaged in a debate on the implications of acts of violence for their future,” he said. Ghani said a framework for peace negotiations should be created with the Taliban recognised as a legitimate group, with their own political office to handle negotiations in Kabul or another agreed location. Taliban officials have acknowledged that they have faced pressure from friendly countries to accept talks and said their recent offers to talk to the United States reflected concern that they could be seen to be standing in the way of peace. There was no immediate response to Ghani’s offer although one Taliban official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said it was being studied by senior Taliban leaders. Ghani said the process would be accompanied by coordinated diplomatic support including a global effort to persuade neighbouring Pakistan, which Kabul has regularly accused of aiding the Taliban, of the advantages of a stable Afghanistan. He renewed an offer of talks with Pakistan, which rejects the accusations and points to the thousands of its citizens who have been killed by militant groups over the years. In return for Ghani’s offer, the Taliban would have to recognise the Afghan government and respect the rule of law, including the rights of women, one of the priorities for Afghanistan’s international partners. In addition, Taliban prisoners could be released and their names removed from international blacklists, while security arrangements could be made for Taliban agreeing to join a process of reconciliation. Former fighters and refugees could be reintegrated and provided with jobs. The United States last year stepped up its military assistance to Afghanistan, notably through a sharp increase in air strikes, with the aim of breaking a stalemate with the insurgents and forcing them to the negotiating table. While the U.S. military says the strategy has hit the Taliban hard, they still control or contest much of the country and continue to inflict severe casualties on Afghan forces. They also claimed responsibility for two major attacks in Kabul last month that killed or wounded hundreds of civilians. 
968735089445261312	2018-02-28 06:30:18	https://t.co/nOVPl2IlLF	Baidu's video unit iQiyi files for U.S. IPO that may raise over $1.5 billion https://t.co/nOVPl2IlLF https://t.co/sxNkBktx5e	 BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese video streaming service provider iQiyi Inc, a unit of search engine firm Baidu Inc (BIDU.O), filed on Tuesday for an initial public offering that is set to raise more than $1.50 billion amid fierce competition in China’s online entertainment market. iQiyi plans to list its American Depository Shares on the Nasdaq under the symbol "IQ," it said in a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. bit.ly/2ouHhzO While iQiyi’s filing was for an IPO of up to $1.50 billion, the sum a company says it plans to raise in its first IPO filing is usually a temporary placeholder, and the final amount is expected to be higher. Baidu currently owns 80.5 percent of the Netflix-like video platform and will continue to be its controlling shareholder upon completion of the offering, iQiyi said. iQiyi could be worth $8 billion or more, Reuters Breakingviews said earlier this month. The listing will give the firm extra financial muscle as it squares off against rivals in the Chinese market, including Alibaba Group Holding Ltd’s (BABA.N) service Youku Tudou Inc, which the e-commerce company purchased fully in 2016. iQiyi, which offers free and subscription video content, raised $1.53 billion in a funding round last year, including $300 million from Baidu. The entertainment unit is one of few services that Baidu hasn’t opted to fold or sell off as part of a wide-scale restructuring to focus on artificial intelligence and autonomous driving. The search engine pulled resources from on-demand services site Nuomi last year and sold its food delivery business to Alibaba-backed Ele.me in August. Beijing-based iQiyi has posted losses since its inception in 2010, and reported a net loss of 3.74 billion yuan ($592 million) for 2017, compared with a 3.07 billion yuan loss a year earlier. Revenue, however, rose to 17.38 billion yuan from 11.24 billion yuan. It has over 50 million subscribers and more than 420 million monthly active users on mobile devices. The site has a mix of user-generated and original content, including several successful local web-series as well as licensing deals for foreign content. Last year the firm became the first Chinese site to ink a licensing deal with Netflix Inc (NFLX.O), which has struggled to enter the Chinese market due to strict censorship standards. iQiyi said it plans to use half of the net proceeds from the offering to expand and enhance it content offerings. Goldman Sachs (Asia) LLC, Credit Suisse and BofA Merrill Lynch are the lead underwriters to the IPO. 
968734279231565824	2018-02-28 06:27:05	https://t.co/sdcHcHEJYq	Why Oppenheimer Global fund is focusing on biotech as rates rise https://t.co/sdcHcHEJYq by @DKRandall https://t.co/6eRIrlBVfv	 NEW YORK (Reuters) - The recent volatility in the global stock market may make some investors feel queasy, but it is providing a buying opportunity in biotechnology stocks. That is because biotechs will see little impact from rising interest rates because investors are more focused on the long-term potential of their drugs, said Rajeev Bhaman, portfolio manager of the $11.8 billion Oppenheimer Global fund. Bhaman, whose fund received a 2018 U.S. Thomson Reuters Lipper Fund Award in the global large-cap growth fund category in New York on Tuesday, is focusing on companies such as Sage Therapeutics Inc (SAGE.O), Bluebird Bio Inc (BLUE.O) and Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc (IONS.O) whose drugs can have multiple uses rather than pinpointing a specific ailment. “We look for things that have multiple ways to win once a proof of concept is worked out, so you have multiple shots at the apple,” he said. Sage Therapeutics, for instance, may be the first company to bring a drug to treat postpartum depression to market after it succeeded in two late-stage studies in November. That same drug will likely also serve as an option to treat mild to medium general depression, Bhaman said. Sage, which hit a 52-week high of $195.97 on Jan. 31, currently trades around $163.50 a share. The focus on biotechnology stocks comes as the sector has proven to be more volatile than the broad market. Investors are moving away from companies perceived as risky in light of expectations the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates at least three times this year. The Nasdaq Biotechnology index fell 12.7 percentage points from its high this year, compared with a 10.9 percent decrease in the broad S&P 500. Biotech stocks are now up 3.9 percent for the year, slightly ahead of the S&P 500. While the prospect of increasing interest rates rattled the stock market in early February, Bhaman said that he expects there to be little effect on his portfolio overall because he has largely avoided companies that have served as bond proxies. Instead, he is looking for companies that have some level of innovation that gives them pricing power, a mindset that leaves him largely out of the energy and utility sectors. Unique among growth-focused investors, Bhaman is also focused on companies that have a strength that has not yet been recognized by the market, a mindset more typical among value-oriented investors. As a result, he does not own any shares of Apple Inc (AAPL.O), Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O), or Tesla Inc (TSLA.O) because their strengths are already reflected in their share prices. “Absolutely Amazon is a company that I would have loved to own but the valuation seemed too crazy for me,” he said. Bhaman began adding shares of credit reporting company Equifax Inc (EFX.N) when its stock plunged in September after a data breach that exposed personal information of nearly 146 million Americans because its valuation looked more reasonable, he said. The company’s shares remain down nearly 20 percent from their early September highs. “People thought that there was no business anymore, but we liked the business and structure and didn’t believe the injury was fatal,” he said.“This is the bread and butter of our business. We live for this.” 
968734220209344512	2018-02-28 06:26:50	https://t.co/XBuU850DUu	Saudi crown prince says corruption purge supports budget: Washington Post https://t.co/XBuU850DUu	 RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia’s powerful crown prince said the kingdom’s anti-corruption crackdown was needed to meet budget targets, comparing the purge to chemotherapy in an interview with the Washington Post published on Wednesday. Authorities rounded up dozens of princes, top officials and businessmen in November on Prince Mohammed bin Salman’s orders, with many confined and interrogated at Riyadh’s glitzy Ritz-Carlton Hotel. Most detainees, including global investor Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, were released after being exonerated or reaching financial settlements with the government, which says it arranged to seize more than $100 billion through such deals. The huge sum, if it is successfully recovered, would be a big financial boost for the oil-dependent nation, which has seen its finances strained by low crude prices. The state budget deficit this year is projected at 195 billion riyals ($52 billion). “You have a body that has cancer everywhere, the cancer of corruption. You need to have chemo, the shock of chemo, or the cancer will eat the body,” Prince Mohammed told the U.S. newspaper. “The corrupted princes were a minority, but the bad actors got more attention. It harmed the energy of the royal family,” he said. Critics decry the campaign as a shakedown and power play by the 32-year-old heir to the throne, who is aiming to wean Saudi Arabia off reliance on oil revenues and modernize the deeply conservative kingdom by sponsoring public concerts and lifting bans on cinemas and women driving. Only a handful of specific allegations against those detained in the corruption crackdown have been revealed. Details of the financial settlements are also being kept secret, and Reuters has been unable to verify the government’s gross estimate. The attorney general has said 56 people remain in custody. They are believed to have been moved to prison after refusing to admit wrongdoing and may end up in court. Prince Mohammed said in the interview he maintains support from the royal family despite internal divisions that have occasionally spilled into public, such as when 11 princes were arrested last month for allegedly protesting against the government cutting payment of their utility bills. His ambitious reform agenda, which is popular with much of Saudi Arabia’s burgeoning youth population, faces resistance from some of the old guard more comfortable with the kingdom’s traditions of incremental change and rule by consensus. 
968733270086160384	2018-02-28 06:23:04	https://t.co/dBLqHGEeGY	Top stockpicker T. Rowe Price has boosted bonds, cash allocations https://t.co/dBLqHGEeGY @trhunnicutt $TROW https://t.co/0jUbMgI8Zg	 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Winning stockpicker T. Rowe Price Group Inc (TROW.O) has a message for investors: do not give up on bonds. “We’ve been lowering our allocation to stocks and have increased our allocation to bonds as well as cash,” in multi-asset portfolios, said Charles Shriver, co-head of the Asset Allocation Committee at T. Rowe Price, describing changes over the past“several quarters.” T. Rowe Price’s target-date retirement funds for 2015, 2020, 2025 and 2030 were recognized at the 2018 U.S. Thomson Reuters Lipper Fund Awards on Tuesday for their performance over three, five or 10 years. Two of the funds received trophies for their performance in every one of those time periods. “We have been reducing the risk profile in our portfolios,” Shriver told Reuters. The near-decade-long bull market in U.S. stocks has beefed up the average investor’s stock holdings, he said, and it may make sense for some investors to decrease their risk. Stocks are still expensive relative to their long-run records, according to Shriver. It may be a tough message to swallow for investors smarting from fixed-income losses. The average“core” bond fund posted a 1.9 percent decline this year, through Feb. 23, according to Thomson Reuters’ Lipper research unit. Investors are concerned that the U.S. Federal Reserve could be forced to raise rates more quickly than anticipated to prevent the economy overheating. Those fears have helped lift bond yields, pushing prices down. Benchmark 10-year Treasury notes US10YT=RR traded as high as 2.957 percent this year, from a low of 2.016 percent in 2017. Billionaire Warren Buffett on Saturday warned that high-grade bonds can increase the risk of an investment portfolio as inflation eats away at the return. Bonds will nonetheless retain their“role as a diversifier,” Shriver said. Bond prices tend not to move in the same direction of stocks over time, a divergence that helps investors stay invested and which Shriver expects to continue. Target-date funds, including those managed by T. Rowe Price, hold both stocks and bonds, with the proportion of debt instruments typically increasing as an investor nears retirement. With bond yields rising, so too is the reward for sitting in short-term bonds and cash. “You are getting compensated for liquidity,” said Shriver. He said T. Rowe Price also sees relative bargains in Europe and Japan’s stock markets. The asset manager has also been increasing its allocation to small-capitalization stocks, which Shriver said could benefit from U.S. corporate tax cuts. 
968733182723010562	2018-02-28 06:22:43	https://t.co/gUECtaJfEH	China's Tianjin city issues first 2018 Level 2 pollution alert from March 1 https://t.co/gUECtaJfEH	 BEIJING (Reuters) - China’s smog-prone port city of Tianjin issued its first level 2“orange” pollution alert this year effective from March 1, the city government said in a statement on its website on Wednesday. Pollution is expected to blanket the city and nearby regions, including Beijing and Hebei, until March 4. No time was given for the alert to be lifted. Emergency measures will be enforced on transportation and at industrial plants. China has four levels of pollution alerts, graded from red to blue. 
968732539182600192	2018-02-28 06:20:10	https://t.co/gSo23wku4j	Ivascyn generates big returns for Pimco Income Fund, not sound bites https://t.co/gSo23wku4j by @jennablan https://t.co/uj2qo3rrQN	 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dan Ivascyn, the group chief investment officer at Pacific Investment Management Co (Pimco), eschews making big, splashy investment or market calls, unlike his legendary predecessor, Bill Gross. “It is never only one person,” Ivascyn said in an interview, about investment ideas and fresh strategies.“Even those who use‘I’ a lot have very good teams that do the heavy-lifting.” Pimco’s emphasis on generating strong long-term risk-adjusted returns has been the key factor behind the success of the Pimco Income Fund (PIMIX), which on Tuesday captured the 2018 U.S. Thomson Reuters Lipper Fund Award in the multi-sector income category over a 10-year period. Pimco Income, overseen by Ivascyn and managing director and portfolio manager Alfred Murata, is No. 1 in its category with annualized returns of 9.14 percent over the last 10 years ended Feb. 26. Over the same period annualized, the Pimco Income fund has surpassed the benchmark Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond index by 3.74 percentage points. Todd Rosenbluth, director of mutual fund research at New York-based CFRA Research, said:“The fund has less interest-rate sensitivity than peers and the (Barclays) Agg, while offering more exposure to strong performing high-yield bonds.” He added that the Pimco Income fund had“balanced risk-and-reward” better than its peers. Pimco Income, whose assets have grown to the current $110 billion from $70 billion at the end of 2016, has become the biggest U.S. actively managed bond fund and is considered Pimco’s new flagship fund by investors and Wall Street analysts. “We have a solid team and constantly focus on enhancing our process,” Ivascyn said. The Pimco Income fund’s increase in fees at the start of the fourth quarter last year did not deter investors. The fund raised its fees by 5 cents per $100 on Oct. 2 for most share classes, bringing expenses for the institutional-class shares to 50 cents per $100. “The fund benefited in 2017 from its exposure to mortgage bonds as well as investment-grade and high-yield corporate bonds,” Rosenbluth said. Lipper also recognized Pimco’s Short-Term, Foreign Bond and StockPlus funds for their 10-year records in the respective ultra-short obligation, international income and equity categories. Pimco, a unit of Germany’s Allianz SE, has seen its assets under management recover dramatically since Gross’ abrupt exit in September 2014. As of December 2017, Pimco had $1.75 trillion under management, up from $1.52 trillion as of June 30, 2015 - but still down from $1.92 trillion at the beginning of 2014. Ivascyn said Newport Beach, California-based Pimco still makes big, bold economic and investment calls but there is no burning desire to publicize them as Gross did. In January, Gross, who is the manager of the Janus Henderson Global Unconstrained Bond fund, said bonds have entered a“mild bear market.” Gross said the bear market will not be the extreme inverse of the 30-year bull market, where interest rates declined from 15 percent to below 2 percent. “These concepts lead to great sound bites but have very little impact on actually making money for clients,” Ivascyn said. 
968730101272768512	2018-02-28 06:10:28	https://t.co/JHir7Y3CVP	China's military flexes muscles for domestic objective: more funding https://t.co/JHir7Y3CVP	 BEIJING (Reuters) - With stealth jets entering service, leaked pictures of new high-tech naval artillery and proud reports of maneuvers that“dare to shine the sword,” China’s armed forces are putting on a show of power as they lobby for greater defense spending. Although it is the world’s largest military, the People’s Liberation Army has been privately unhappy that it got less than double-digit funding increases the past two years. It has recently been making the case that it needs more money to deal with increased global uncertainty, diplomats and several sources with ties to the armed forces say. In the run-up to the defense budget’s release at the annual meeting of China’s parliament next week, state media outlets have been filled with coverage of military drills, advanced new equipment and thrilling tales of derring-do in a new film very loosely based on China’s evacuating people from Yemen’s civil war in 2015. The overall message is clear: China faces serious challenges, from U.S. President Donald Trump’s threats of force against nuclear-armed North Korea to an increasingly tense border dispute with India and what Beijing sees as efforts by self-ruled Taiwan to assert its sovereignty. Confronting those challenges requires cash, a point the military is now trying to drive home. “If you keep telling your people China is facing all these threats, you have to be able to back it up to show you are spending enough,” said a senior Beijing-based Western diplomat. President Xi Jinping promised in his keynote speech to the Communist Party Congress in October to make China’s armed forces world-class by the middle of the century. The military has deployed an increasingly sophisticated propaganda machine to make sure that promise stays top of mind. A professionally shot air force video released to celebrate the Lunar New Year this month entitled“New fighters of the great power to safeguard the new era” led with footage of the latest fighter to enter service, the J-20 stealth jet, designed as a counterpart to the radar-evading the Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor. “It looks like they are making the case for a large rise in defense spending,” said an Asian diplomat, speaking of the recent uptick in military-related stories in China. China’s defense spending is only about one-quarter that of the United States, if official figures are accurate. China has repeatedly said that it has no hostile intent, that its military is for defensive missions, and that defense spending is transparent. Many of the country’s neighbors beg to differ, calling out what they see as Chinese sabre-rattling as it ramps up drills in the region. Vietnam, one of the most vocal opponents of China’s South China Sea claims, has tightened its military relationship with the United States. Taiwan has pledged to grow defense spending, and wants to buy new, advanced U.S. equipment. The official People’s Liberation Army Daily said this month that although China was committed to a defensive military policy, it had to“dare to shine the sword” with air patrols far from China’s coast, whether close to Taiwan or over uninhabited islets disputed with Japan in the East China Sea. Such flights, it said, protected China’s“bottom line” on strategic issues. One source with ties to the military said another pressing area for more spending was salaries, which have not kept up with those of private-sector workers. “Simply relying on‘the great Xi to lead us to victory’ won’t cut it,” the source said, referring to efforts to recruit the best and the brightest into the military by appealing to national pride. The defense budget will only disclose a top-line number, with a percentage comparison to the previous year. No breakdown on spending is provided. Last year, China’s parliament did not initially release the figure, sparking questions over transparency. But when it did, the budget increase was 7 percent, the smallest in more than a decade. The budgeted increase of 7.6 percent for 2016 was the lowest in six years and the first single-digit rise since 2010, following a nearly unbroken two-decade run of double-digit increases. Experts say the true figure is likely much higher than what is officially reported, with money for some military projects included in ostensibly non-military spending. “Particularly given China’s civil-military integration, it is difficult to know where defense spending ends” and civilian research and development begins, said another Western diplomat, who analyses China’s military. Some defense experts say that China is eroding the United States’ military technology dominance and that the People’s Liberation Army could surpass the U.S. military in artificial intelligence capabilities, which have become a spending priority for Beijing. But in the absence of transparency about new technologies, such as an experimental electromagnetic railgun state media suggested this year was being tested aboard a Chinese warship, there is skepticism about their combat readiness. China has not fought a war since 1979, a brief invasion of Vietnam that ended badly for China. China’s Defense Ministry declined to comment ahead of the figure being released by parliament. The general percentage rise is typically given the day before parliament opens, and the raw figure the next day. Parliament opens March 5. 
968724837920321538	2018-02-28 05:49:34	https://t.co/KidGJryWAD	Afghan President Ghani makes offer to Taliban for peace talks https://t.co/KidGJryWAD	 KABUL (Reuters) - Afghan President Ashraf Ghani offered recognition of the Taliban as a legitimate political group on Wednesday as part of a proposed political process that he said could lead to talks aimed at ending more than 16 years of war. The offer, made at the start of an international conference aimed at creating a platform for peace talks, adds to a series of signals from both the Western-backed government and the Taliban suggesting a greater willingness to consider dialogue. Ghani proposed a ceasefire and a release of prisoners as part of a range of options including new elections, involving the militants, and a constitutional review as part of a pact with the Taliban to end a conflict that last year alone killed or wounded more than 10,000 Afghan civilians. “We are making this offer without preconditions in order to lead to a peace agreement,” Ghani said in opening remarks to the conference attended by officials from around 25 countries involved in the so-called Kabul Process. “The Taliban are expected to give input to the peace-making process, the goal of which is to draw the Taliban, as an organisation, to peace talks,” he said, adding that he would not“pre-judge” any group seeking peace. The comments, a month after a suicide attack in central Kabul killed around 100 people, represented a change in tone for Ghani, who has regularly called the Taliban“terrorists” and“rebels” although he has also offered to talk with parts of the movement that accepted peace. The United Nations mission in Afghanistan welcomed the offer and said it“strongly supports the vision for peace through intra-Afghan dialogue”. The Taliban, fighting to restore Islamic rule after their 2001 defeat by U.S.-led troops, have offered to begin talks with the United States but have so far refused direct talks with Kabul. It was unclear whether they would be prepared to shift their stance, despite growing international pressure. However Ghani, who recently helped launch the latest stage in a major regional gas pipeline from Turkmenistan, said the momentum for peace was building from neighbouring countries that increasingly saw the necessity of a stable Afghanistan. “The Taliban show awareness of these contextual shifts and seem to be engaged in a debate on the implications of acts of violence for their future,” he said. Ghani said a framework for peace negotiations should be created with the Taliban recognised as a legitimate group, with their own political office to handle negotiations in Kabul or another agreed location. Taliban officials have acknowledged that they have faced pressure from friendly countries to accept talks and said their recent offers to talk to the United States reflected concern that they could be seen to be standing in the way of peace. There was no immediate response to Ghani’s offer although one Taliban official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said it was being studied by senior Taliban leaders. Ghani said the process would be accompanied by coordinated diplomatic support including a global effort to persuade neighbouring Pakistan, which Kabul has regularly accused of aiding the Taliban, of the advantages of a stable Afghanistan. He renewed an offer of talks with Pakistan, which rejects the accusations and points to the thousands of its citizens who have been killed by militant groups over the years. In return for Ghani’s offer, the Taliban would have to recognise the Afghan government and respect the rule of law, including the rights of women, one of the priorities for Afghanistan’s international partners. In addition, Taliban prisoners could be released and their names removed from international blacklists, while security arrangements could be made for Taliban agreeing to join a process of reconciliation. Former fighters and refugees could be reintegrated and provided with jobs. The United States last year stepped up its military assistance to Afghanistan, notably through a sharp increase in air strikes, with the aim of breaking a stalemate with the insurgents and forcing them to the negotiating table. While the U.S. military says the strategy has hit the Taliban hard, they still control or contest much of the country and continue to inflict severe casualties on Afghan forces. They also claimed responsibility for two major attacks in Kabul last month that killed or wounded hundreds of civilians. 
968710400152887297	2018-02-28 04:52:11	https://t.co/3qcCBokAul	Lebanon's Hariri leaves for Riyadh on first visit since 'resignation' https://t.co/3qcCBokAul	 RIYADH/BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri visited Saudi Arabia on Wednesday for the first time since his abrupt resignation during a visit there in November set off a major political crisis. Lebanese officials said at the time that Riyadh had forced its long-time ally Hariri to quit and put him under house arrest because it had lost patience with his political accommodation with the Iran-backed Lebanese Shi’ite Muslim group Hezbollah. Following French intervention, Hariri came back to Beirut and withdrew his resignation, drawing a line under the crisis that had raised fears for Lebanon’s stability and thrust it to the forefront of Riyadh’s regional tussle with Iran. Hariri, whose coalition government includes Hezbollah, flew to Saudi Arabia late on Tuesday, taking up an invitation from King Salman that was delivered to him by a Saudi envoy in Beirut on Monday. Hariri met King Salman during his visit, discussing Saudi-Lebanese relations, Saudi state news agency SPA said. Photos and videos circulated of the king and Hariri drinking coffee and smiling in the royal al-Yamama palace. Hariri became prime minister in 2016 in a political deal that made Hezbollah ally Michel Aoun head of state. “It is clear that the Lebanese file has changed in Saudi Arabia. They were saying to Saad al-Hariri that because you have a deal with Michel Aoun ... and part of Hezbollah in the government, you must resign,” a source close to Hariri said. “They have reviewed their calculations with regards to their policy towards Lebanon, and their view that Saad al-Hariri must wage a military war against Hezbollah, or will otherwise be persona non grata,” the source added. The meeting was attended by Saudi Minister of Interior Prince Abdulaziz bin Saud bin Nayef and Foreign Minister Adel Jubeir, amongst others, SPA reported. It did not say if Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman was present. Hariri’s office had previously said he would meet with King Salman and Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. Western officials have privately criticized Saudi Arabia over the move against Hariri, which they feared could destabilize a country that is hosting some 1.5 million refugees from the conflict in neighboring Syria. The Washington Post said on Wednesday Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman complained he had been unfairly criticized over Hariri’s resignation.“Now he’s in a better position,” the newspaper quoted the crown prince as saying. After his return, Hariri’s coalition government, which includes Hezbollah, reaffirmed a state policy of staying out of conflicts in the Arab world. Riyadh accuses the heavily armed Hezbollah of waging war across the Middle East as agents of Iran, notably in Yemen which neighbors Saudi Arabia and is seen as the biggest security concern for the conservative Sunni monarchy. Lebanon declared its policy of“dissociation” in 2012 to keep the deeply divided state out of regional conflicts such as the war in neighboring Syria. Lebanese Parliament Speaker Nabih Berri, also a Hezbollah ally, said he had heard“very positive talk” from the Saudi envoy Nizar al-Aloula about Lebanon and“its historical and civilized role” during his visit to Beirut this week, a statement from Berri’s office said. 
968707354932936712	2018-02-28 04:40:05	https://t.co/dNU1r8Sn18	U.S. House passes bill to penalize websites for sex trafficking https://t.co/dNU1r8Sn18 https://t.co/OWDegpozjE	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives on Tuesday overwhelmingly passed legislation to make it easier to penalize operators of websites that facilitate online sex trafficking, chipping away at a bedrock legal shield for the technology industry. The bill’s passage marks one of the most concrete actions in recent years from the U.S. Congress to tighten regulation of internet firms, which have drawn heavy scrutiny from lawmakers in both parties over the past year due to an array of concerns regarding the size and influence of their platforms. The House passed the measure 388-25. It still needs to pass the U.S. Senate, where similar legislation has already gained substantial support, and then be signed by President Donald Trump before it can become law. Speaker Paul Ryan, in a statement before the vote, said the bill would help“put an end to modern-day slavery here in the United States.” The White House issued a statement generally supportive of the bill, but said the administration“remains concerned” about certain provisions that it hopes can be resolved in the final legislation. Several major internet companies, including Alphabet Inc’s Google and Facebook Inc, had been reluctant to support any congressional effort to dent what is known as Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act, a decades-old law that protects them from liability for the activities of their users. But facing political pressure, the internet industry slowly warmed to a proposal that gained traction in the Senate last year, and eventually endorsed it after it gained sizeable bipartisan support. Republican Senator Rob Portman, a chief architect of the Senate proposal, said in a statement he supported the House’s similar version and called on the Senate to quickly pass it. The legislation is a result of years of law-enforcement lobbying for a crackdown on the online classified site backpage.com, which is used for sex advertising. It would make it easier for states and sex-trafficking victims to sue social media networks, advertisers and others that fail to keep exploitative material off their platforms. Some critics warned that the House measure would weaken Section 230 in a way that would only serve to further help established internet giants, who possess larger resources to police their content, and not adequately address the problem. “This bill will only prop up the entrenched players who are rapidly losing the public’s trust,” Democratic Senator Ron Wyden, an original author of Section 230, said.“The failure to understand the technological side effects of this bill - specifically that it will become harder to expose sex-traffickers, while hamstringing innovation - will be something that this Congress will regret.” 
968704884135645184	2018-02-28 04:30:16	https://t.co/K3TsOTJeUt	Why Oppenheimer Global fund is focusing on biotech as rates rise https://t.co/K3TsOTJeUt https://t.co/xDrZOj9rJM	 NEW YORK (Reuters) - The recent volatility in the global stock market may make some investors feel queasy, but it is providing a buying opportunity in biotechnology stocks. That is because biotechs will see little impact from rising interest rates because investors are more focused on the long-term potential of their drugs, said Rajeev Bhaman, portfolio manager of the $11.8 billion Oppenheimer Global fund. Bhaman, whose fund received a 2018 U.S. Thomson Reuters Lipper Fund Award in the global large-cap growth fund category in New York on Tuesday, is focusing on companies such as Sage Therapeutics Inc (SAGE.O), Bluebird Bio Inc (BLUE.O) and Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc (IONS.O) whose drugs can have multiple uses rather than pinpointing a specific ailment. “We look for things that have multiple ways to win once a proof of concept is worked out, so you have multiple shots at the apple,” he said. Sage Therapeutics, for instance, may be the first company to bring a drug to treat postpartum depression to market after it succeeded in two late-stage studies in November. That same drug will likely also serve as an option to treat mild to medium general depression, Bhaman said. Sage, which hit a 52-week high of $195.97 on Jan. 31, currently trades around $163.50 a share. The focus on biotechnology stocks comes as the sector has proven to be more volatile than the broad market. Investors are moving away from companies perceived as risky in light of expectations the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates at least three times this year. The Nasdaq Biotechnology index fell 12.7 percentage points from its high this year, compared with a 10.9 percent decrease in the broad S&P 500. Biotech stocks are now up 3.9 percent for the year, slightly ahead of the S&P 500. While the prospect of increasing interest rates rattled the stock market in early February, Bhaman said that he expects there to be little effect on his portfolio overall because he has largely avoided companies that have served as bond proxies. Instead, he is looking for companies that have some level of innovation that gives them pricing power, a mindset that leaves him largely out of the energy and utility sectors. Unique among growth-focused investors, Bhaman is also focused on companies that have a strength that has not yet been recognized by the market, a mindset more typical among value-oriented investors. As a result, he does not own any shares of Apple Inc (AAPL.O), Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O), or Tesla Inc (TSLA.O) because their strengths are already reflected in their share prices. “Absolutely Amazon is a company that I would have loved to own but the valuation seemed too crazy for me,” he said. Bhaman began adding shares of credit reporting company Equifax Inc (EFX.N) when its stock plunged in September after a data breach that exposed personal information of nearly 146 million Americans because its valuation looked more reasonable, he said. The company’s shares remain down nearly 20 percent from their early September highs. “People thought that there was no business anymore, but we liked the business and structure and didn’t believe the injury was fatal,” he said.“This is the bread and butter of our business. We live for this.” 
968703930631950336	2018-02-28 04:26:29	https://t.co/qJrhHFqE0E	Thousands of Rohingya flee 'no man's land' after resettlement talks https://t.co/qJrhHFqE0E	 DHAKA/YANGON (Reuters) - - Thousands of Rohingya Muslims have fled a strip of land on the border between Myanmar and Bangladesh after the two countries met to discuss resettling them, an official and a community leader said. The United Nations refugee agency has expressed concern that some 5,300 people who were staying in the area - outside of Myanmar’s border fence but on Myanmar’s side of a creek that marks the international border - would be forcibly returned without due consideration for their safety. Nearly 700,000 Rohingya fled Myanmar for Bangladesh after insurgent attacks on Aug. 25 sparked a military crackdown that the United Nation as has said amounted to ethnic cleansing, with reports of arson attacks, murder and rape. Major Iqbal Ahmed, a senior Bangladesh border guard official said on Tuesday evening that roughly half of the people who had been staying in no man’s land had entered Bangladesh and made their way to refugee camps in Bangladesh in just over a week. “They are leaving the place in fear,” Iqbal Ahmed told Reuters. “Now there are roughly 2,500-3,000 people in the no man’s land. We talked to some of them and asked them to go back, but they said they can’t.” Local officials from the two sides met on Feb. 20 and visited the area. Dil Mohammed, a leader among the people who have been staying in no man’s land, told Reuters that a meeting with community leaders promised by Myanmar officials had not materialized, confirming that several hundred families had moved into Bangladesh since Feb. 20. “We are in constant fear. We are not going to the camps,” he said, referring to temporary camps Myanmar has established to house possible returnees under a repatriation agreement it signed with Bangladesh in November. “There’s no guarantee for life. We need security and all basic rights including citizenship like other communities are granted by the Myanmar government,” said Dil Mohammed. Myanmar government spokesman Zaw Htay told Reuters on Wednesday that the area was Myanmar’s territory. “According to the rules they cannot stay there, 150 feet from the borderline. They stay there to create a situation where Myanmar security forces and government official will remove them.” “The media, especially Reuters, and human rights organizations would put pressure and make accusations that they are being cleared,” he said.“It is a trap to put more pressure on Myanmar, to make more criticism of Myanmar.” After the Feb. 20 meeting, Zaw Htay was quoted in Myanmar-language media saying some of the people staying in the border area were“terrorists” linked to the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army that attacked Myanmar security posts on Aug. 25. “We got information that terrorists are there,” Zaw Htay told Reuters. “This place will become a safe house or a haven for terrorists, and they can do terrorist acts on both sides.” 
968698304799395841	2018-02-28 04:04:08	https://t.co/7XAjfdmgIt	South Korea presidential adviser says U.S.-South Korea drills to start early April: Yonhap https://t.co/7XAjfdmgIt	 SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea and the United States will start in early April a joint military exercise postponed until after the Winter Olympics and Paralympics, a South Korean presidential security adviser said according to Yonhap news agency. Moon Chung-in, speaking at a seminar in Washington, said he is“aware the drills will begin in the first week of April”, reported Yonhap on Wednesday. “However, if there are talks between the United States and North Korea before the drills there may be some kind of compromise,” Moon added, saying he hopes for dialogue between Pyongyang and Washington to begin. The South Korean and U.S. militaries usually hold their Key Resolve and Foal Eagle exercises in March and April, which can involve as many as 17,000 U.S. troops and over 300,000 South Koreans. Government officials in Seoul have said they are not against the exercises going on as planned, while South Korea’s Defense Minister Song Young-Moon said earlier this month he and his U.S. counterpart, Jim Mattis, would make an announcement on the drill plans between the end of the Winter Paralympics on March 18 and the start of April. Mattis has said the postponement was due to logistical concerns. Song, who attended a parliament session on Wednesday, declined to comment on Moon’s remarks when asked by lawmakers for details on the joint drill. North Korea sees this regular drill, as well as other joint drills conducted by South Korea and the United States, as practice for war and has threatened it would not sit idle if the postponed exercise is held as planned. 
968695918890536960	2018-02-28 03:54:39	https://t.co/iMhhAcM0HR	Papua New Guinea officials say whole villages flattened by deadly quake https://t.co/iMhhAcM0HR	 SYDNEY (Reuters) - Whole villages were flattened and water sources spoiled by a powerful earthquake that killed at least 20 people, residents said on Wednesday as rescuers struggled to reach the hardest-hit areas in Papua New Guinea’s remote, mountainous highlands. The magnitude 7.5 quake rocked the rugged Southern Highlands province some 560 km (350 miles) northwest of the capital, Port Moresby, triggering landslides, damaging mining, gas and power infrastructure, and cutting communications. Scores of aftershocks have hampered rescue efforts and rattled nervous villagers over the past two days, including a 6.0 tremor just before 1 p.m. (0300 GMT) on Wednesday registered by the U.S. Geological Survey. Most of the confirmed fatalities were in or around the provincial capital of Mendi, where television pictures showed collapsed buildings and landslides, and the town of Tari, according to authorities and residents contacted by Reuters. “It’s massive destruction,” Stanley Mamu told Reuters by telephone from Tari, 40 km (25 miles) from the epicenter. One person was killed in Tari and another five were killed in a landslide in a nearby village, he said. “There are buildings on the ground and landslides along the roads. My home was destroyed. The main sources of water were all flooded, it’s dirty and brown and people can’t drink that water,” Mamu said. Elsewhere rivers had silted up or become blocked, villages damaged and gardens and water tanks destroyed, though the biggest landslides hit sparsely populated areas, according to Mission Aviation Fellowship (MAF), an air transport operator that flew a three-hour survey on Tuesday. A cloudy morning and fog in the afternoon on Wednesday hampered official efforts to assess damage by helicopter, let alone distribute aid, said Kaigabu Kamnanaya, Director of Risk Management at Papua New Guinea’s National Disaster Centre. Miners and oil and gas companies were also assessing the damage, which included ensuring a 700-km (435-mile) gas pipeline that connects to a coastal liquefaction plant was intact before it could be reopened. Australia sent a C-130 military transport plane to help with aerial surveillance. The office of Australia’s Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said in a statement it would likely take days before the extent of the damage was clear. A police officer in Mendi said landslides had buried homes and blocked a river residents worried could flood the town. “We are really in deep fear,” said police sergeant Naring Bongi.“It continues to be active. We didn’t sleep well and stayed awake until daybreak ... no helicopters or government officials have come to our assistance.” Medical supplies and heavy equipment to clear landslides were also needed, said James Justin, a spokesman for provincial MP Manasseh Makiba, as well as food in places where productive gardens had been wrecked. “The casualties have yet to be confirmed but many more than 20 people have lost their lives,” he said. Earthquakes are common in Papua New Guinea, which sits on the Pacific’s“Ring of Fire”, a hotspot for seismic activity due to friction between tectonic plates. Part of PNG’s northern coast was devastated in 1998 by a tsunami, generated by a 7.0 quake, which killed about 2,200 people. Graphic: Papua New Guinea quake IMG - tmsnrt.rs/2ow1YLR 
968689781411631105	2018-02-28 03:30:15	https://t.co/OjYxSdQyz9	German coalition would create legal right to fast internet: Bild https://t.co/OjYxSdQyz9 https://t.co/vzH7bgMrf8	 BERLIN (Reuters) - People in Germany will acquire a legal right to fast internet under a proposed coalition between Chancellor Angela Merkel’s conservatives and the Social Democrats (SPD), the man expected to become Merkel’s top aide said in remarks published on Wednesday. The SPD and conservatives have agreed that if they take power together, they want to ensure that all regions have access to high-speed internet by 2025. But Helge Braun, designated chancellery chief under the planned coalition, said in an interview with mass-selling Bild newspaper that a‘grand coalition’ would create the legal framework for people to have a right to fast internet. “Fast internet is just as important as the supply of gas, water and electricity and that’s why this issue is a top priority for the chancellor,” Helge was quoted as saying. “There will be a legal entitlement to fast internet in future,” he said, adding that he expected the federal government and industry to spend at least 100 billion euros on expanding broadband by 2025. The chancellery chief is the chancellor’s top assistant, running the chancellery and ensuring cooperation between the ministries. Germany ranks 28th out of 32 countries in the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development’s league table of access to fast internet. The SPD’s members still have the chance to veto the‘grand coalition’ deal and the result of a ballot of the SPD’s roughly 464,000 members is due on Sunday. Braun also said the process of asylum applications needed to be sped up and deportations made easier. More than a million migrants have arrived in Germany since mid-2015, many of them fleeing conflict and poverty in the Middle East, Africa and elsewhere. “So that deportations function smoothly, we need more administrative judges and we need to make it easier to put people in pre-departure custody,” he said.“We also need more agreements with the countries of origin for them to take people back.” 
968681221168553985	2018-02-28 02:56:15	https://t.co/bBZJHhESFS	U.S.-Russian crew returns from space station: NASA TV https://t.co/bBZJHhESFS	 (Reuters) - A capsule carrying two U.S. astronauts and a Russian cosmonaut from the International Space Station landed in snowy Kazakhstan on Wednesday after a five-and-a-half month mission, a NASA TV live broadcast showed. The Soyuz spacecraft brought back Joe Acaba and Mark Vande Hei, from the U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and Alexander Misurkin, from Russian space agency Roscosmos. The capsule landed in the snow covered steppe some 90 miles southeast of the central city of Zhezkazgan at 8.31 a.m. (0231 GMT). Misurkin was the first to emerge from the spacecraft, assisted by members of the Russian search and recovery team, and he was followed by Acaba who smiled and made a thumbs-up gesture. The trio had spent five-and-a-half months at the ISS, a $100 billion lab that flies about 250 miles (400 km) above Earth. The are due to be replaced by NASA’s Andrew Feustel and Richard Arnold, and Oleg Artemyev of Roscosmos, whose spacecraft will blast off from the Baikonur cosmodrome, also in Kazakhstan, on March 21. 
968677703233822720	2018-02-28 02:42:16	https://t.co/ok7IYWtNsX	South Korea complains to Chinese ambassador for military jet in South Korea's airspace https://t.co/ok7IYWtNsX	 SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea summoned the Chinese ambassador on Tuesday to lodge a complaint over a Chinese military aircraft entering the South’s air defence territory, the second such incident this year, the foreign ministry said on Wednesday. The Chinese aircraft flew for more than four hours inside South Korea’s air defence identification zone (KADIZ) on Tuesday, prompting the South to scramble multiple fighter jets to track it, a South Korean defence official told Reuters. China’s Ambassador Qiu Guohong was told the military jet’s flight into South Korean airspace had been“unfortunate” and urged to prevent similar instances from occurring again, the ministry said in a statement. Three other Chinese officials based in South Korea had been summoned to the defence ministry earlier in the day for the incident, which occurred near South Korea’s island of Ulleungdo off its east coast. The aircraft was told to“halt its threatening flight” and“any other actions that could raise the possibility of sudden conflict”, said the South Korean defence official, adding Chinese officials told South Korea’s military the aircraft’s movements had been part of regular military exercises. Speaking in Beijing, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said China’s sending of an aircraft for training in the“relevant air space” was completely in line with international law and practice. “Air defence identification zones are not territorial air space. There is absolutely no justification for South Korea to criticise China on the basis of a so-called ADIZ,” Lu told a daily news briefing. A Chinese military aircraft entered the KADIZ on Jan. 29, while two similar instances were observed in 2017. 
968677152882352129	2018-02-28 02:40:05	https://t.co/CwQC5gQtsg	Breakingviews - Georgia gives Amazon one great reason to stay away https://t.co/CwQC5gQtsg https://t.co/bLQse0HyTX	 NEW YORK (Reuters Breakingviews) - Georgia just hoisted a massive red flag for Amazon. The $730-billion e-commerce behemoth is finalizing plans for a second headquarters. It had selected Atlanta among 20 North American locations drawn from hundreds of proposals. At stake are 50,000 jobs and $5 billion of investment. The Peach State’s Republican legislators have now given founder Jeff Bezos the best reason yet to strike Atlanta off Amazon’s shortlist. Georgia’s Lieutenant Governor Casey Cagle, the leading Republican contender to occupy the governor’s mansion, launched a high-profile campaign to punish Atlanta-based Delta Air Lines for its decision to stop offering discounts to members of the National Rifle Association. Delta withdrew its goodies for the NRA amid threats of a widespread boycott of companies affiliated with the gun lobby following the massacre of 17 students in a Florida high school. The one-time tuxedo-rental entrepreneur pledged“to kill any legislation” that benefits the largest U.S. airline unless it restores its NRA benefits.“Corporations cannot attack conservatives and expect us not to fight back,” Cagle tweeted. Delta receives a $40 million annual tax break related to jet fuel, which is up for renewal. Delta is the largest private employer in the state, with some 33,000 employees, and counts Hartsfield–Jackson International Airport as a global hub. The NRA is based in Virginia. Tax breaks like the one Delta receives are bad policy to begin with. As a form of corporate welfare they are also antithetical to conservative capitalist doctrine. But doing away with them for reasons of cultural welfare is simply self-defeating. Cagle just sent a message to all companies that Georgia’s fiscal promises can be erased on a whim. That’s especially true if Delta – and presumably rival United Airlines, as well as two of the largest U.S. insurers and the three biggest car-rental agencies – are making decisions derived from sound business practices. The calculus in severing ties with the NRA seems pretty simple. Losing the custom of five million firearms diehards is better than alienating the other 318 million American citizens, a majority of whom, polls show, support gun-safety legislation that the NRA opposes. Atlanta’s mayor has said the city assembled“the most aggressive economic attraction package” in Georgia’s history, including $1 billion in incentives and infrastructure improvements, according to news reports. When Amazon lands its shiny new offices somewhere else, the people of Atlanta should know who to blame for their city’s loss. 
968674713852678144	2018-02-28 02:30:23	https://t.co/I26n8N17h1	Amazon buys startup Ring in $1 billion deal to run your home security https://t.co/I26n8N17h1 https://t.co/RNktKqKoNU	 (Reuters) - Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) has agreed to buy video doorbell maker Ring, the companies said on Tuesday, in what analysts see as a growing bet on delivering packages inside of shoppers’ homes and on home security. The deal valued Ring at more than $1 billion, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters. Amazon declined to discuss the terms. Ring is set to be one of Amazon’s most expensive takeovers, after its $13.7 billion deal last year for Whole Foods Market. The world’s largest online retailer believes that selling internet-connected gadgets from Kindle e-readers to its new Cloud Cam will spark more shopping on Amazon.com. Ring offers the company a popular consumer electronics brand that it might not have replicated internally. More importantly, Ring’s security devices could work well with Amazon Key, a smart lock and camera system that lets delivery personnel put packages inside a home to avoid theft or, in the case of fresh food, spoiling. “As Amazon moves more aggressively into the grocery delivery space... we believe smart security devices will be an important factor in driving user adoption,” Baird Equity Research analyst Colin Sebastian said in a note. Amazon’s Alexa Fund, which offers venture capital to companies working on voice technology, invested in the Santa Monica, California-based Ring. Currently, Ring devices can integrate with Amazon’s voice-controlled assistant Alexa. Users of Amazon’s Echo Show device can say,“Alexa, show my front door” to receive a live feed of activity around their home via Ring cameras. The deal creates potential for much more, analysts said. “Amazon more than Ring can revolutionize home security,” Wedbush Securities analyst Michael Pachter said. U.S. security and alarm company ADT could be the biggest loser, he added. Ring’s“camera technology is far superior to physical security ... With Amazon having roughly 100 million Prime members, that’s a big addressable market for them to start selling this into.” Shares of ADT Inc (ADT.N) fell more than 2 percent after the news to close at $11.60. Amazon stock closed down 0.7 percent. Amazon was working on a competing smart lock with camera prior to the deal, according to a separate person familiar with the matter. Its decision to buy Ring underscores the task startups have trying to win in the home security space. “For consumer businesses, it’s going to be challenging to compete with folks like Google and Amazon,” said Luke Schoenfelder, chief executive of Latch, which sells smart lock systems to apartment building owners. Amazon acquired the maker of Blink home security cameras for about $90 million late last year, Reuters reported. 
968673159200301057	2018-02-28 02:24:12	https://t.co/k2RzMIjj7l	Rohingya refugees test Bangladeshi welcome as prices rise and repatriation stalls https://t.co/k2RzMIjj7l	 KUTUPALONG REFUGEE CAMP, Bangladesh (Reuters) - The first Rohingya refugees who arrived on Jorina Katun’s farmland in Bangladesh last year were worn out and traumatized after fleeing violence in neighboring Myanmar. They wept and begged to stay, and Katun, moved by their plight, said yes. “I really regret that,” she said.“They said they would stay for only a month. They’re still here and more are coming.” Katun now has 25 Rohingya families living on a patch of land where she used to grow rice and vegetables. Since August, nearly 700,000 Rohingya have crossed from Myanmar’s Rakhine State into Bangladesh. Makeshift camps housing the Rohingya sprawl across thousands of acres of what was once a government forest reserve, butting up against - and sometimes overwhelming - Bangladeshi homes and land. Jorina Katun lives on the edge of the largest such camp. Officials and aid workers fear that the welcome is wearing thin, due to the unprecedented number of refugees and growing doubts over whether Myanmar will ever take them back. Repatriation was due to begin in January under an agreement signed by Myanmar and Bangladesh. But the plan has stalled due to safety and logistical concerns, and meanwhile Rohingya continue to flee across the border. “We’ve accommodated them, but for how long?” said Kazi Abdur Rahman, a deputy district administrator in Cox’s Bazar.“Our crop fields are destroyed. Our forests are destroyed...It’s a huge impact for the whole community.” So far, local people have been remarkably tolerant, with many feeling duty-bound to help fellow Muslims they see as being oppressed because of their religion. There have only been a handful of anti-Rohingya protest, all small and peaceful. But many also blame the Rohingya for driving up food prices and stealing jobs, and officials worry that the refugees bring with them an increased risk of disease, militant activity and drug trafficking. Residents have been told to report any Rohingya seen outside the camps, said Rahman.“It’s for our security, so they can’t get up to any terrorist activity,” he said. He said he had no evidence that the Rohingya were involved in crime, but noted they were poor, desperate and“very vulnerable to evil forces”. Before the current crisis, Bangladesh was already home to 300,000 Rohingya refugees who had fled previous bouts of violence in Myanmar. Now, in Ukhia and Teknaf, two sub-districts near the Myanmar border, Rohingya outnumber local people by about two to one. Residents of Ukhia and Teknaf were already among Bangladesh’s poorest and by some measures as deprived as the refugees, according to ACAPS, a Geneva-based think-tank which analyses humanitarian responses. Seven in 10 families – both Bangladeshi and Rohingya – struggled to get enough to eat, ACAPS found. Little of the land around Cox’s Bazar is suitable for farming, so Bangladeshis have to buy about 80 percent of their food in local markets, said ACAPS. The price of that food is rising, said Hamidul Hoque Chowdhury, a college principal who heads the Ukhia branch of the Awami League, the party of Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina. Six months ago, 1 kg of potatoes cost 20 taka ($0.24); it has since tripled in price to 60 or 70 taka. The price of fish has doubled, he said. “The local people are now silent. They’re not shouting now. But they’re not happy,” said Chowdhury.“Tensions will definitely rise.” Chowdhury, who helped organize a small anti-Rohingya protest in Ukhia in January, said Rohingya were competing with Bangladeshis for unskilled labor jobs, the main source of income for about half the local population. Faruk Ahmed, 73, a local farmer, said he hired Rohingya laborers because they were cheap, plentiful and hard-working. “Bangladeshis want 500 taka ($6) a day, but Rohingya will take 300 taka,” he said.“I’ll hire the cheapest worker.” Partly to ease the congestion at the camps, Bangladesh is accelerating a controversial plan to temporarily relocate 100,000 Rohingya on a remote island in the Bay of Bengal. H.T. Imam, an advisor of Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina, said the refugees must be kept apart from Bangladeshis.“In the past the Rohingya spread out and caused serious law and order problems,” he said. Humanitarian groups said they were also looking for ways to support the Bangladeshi community. Of the $950 million budget currently being requested from donors for March to December, a quarter had been earmarked for projects that will directly benefit Bangladeshis, said UN host community liaison Maurice Dewulf. There are“no major signals yet” of problems between Bangladeshis and locals in Cox’s Bazar, Dewulf said, but such problems become more likely the longer a refugee crisis lasts. The Rohingya families camped out on Jorina Katun’s land are also doing what they can to keep the peace, paying Katun between 300 and 600 taka ($3.50 to $7) a month in rent, says refugee Bodi Alam. The Bangladesh Army, which oversees security in the area, said it forbids local people to charge rent.“But we still pay,” said Alam. Without such payments, there would be quarrels with the Bangladeshis.“They will say‘go from here, this is our area, these are our houses, this is our land,’” he said. 
968673148206972928	2018-02-28 02:24:10	https://t.co/ipEK3LZyZi	Venezuela's Falcon runs against Maduro for presidency, defying opposition https://t.co/ipEK3LZyZi	 CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuelan politician Henri Falcon on Tuesday defied a call by the country’s political opposition to boycott an April presidential election and said he would run against President Nicolas Maduro. “The government promised a paradise to millions of Venezuelans, but they gave them a hell,” Falcon told reporters. He called Maduro the“hunger candidate” in reference to an economic crisis that has brought a crippling recession, widespread shortages and an exodus of migrants from the oil-producing country. The opposition coalition is boycotting the April 22 election because its two most popular leaders - Leopoldo Lopez and Henrique Capriles - are prohibited from running, various parties have been outlawed and the election board is pro-Maduro. reut.rs/2oFvMVA Falcon defended his decision, saying he operates independently of the opposition coalition Democratic Unity. The opposition, which considers the vote a farce meant to consolidate Maduro’s power, accused him of trying to grab the spotlight. Maduro formally presented his candidacy for the vote at the national election board in Caracas before joining a rally of supporters. “I will be loyal to the legacy of the giant Hugo Chavez!” he said, dancing reggaeton on stage with his wife, Cilia Flores, before a large banner depicting him and Chavez, his predecessor as president. Before Falcon’s announcement, Maduro faced just one confirmed candidate, a little-known evangelical pastor named Javier Bertucci. Although once seen as a possible transition figure after nearly two decades of socialist rule, Falcon, 56, has little chance of defeating Maduro. A former stalwart of the ruling Chavismo movement, Falcon, a former mayor and state governor, defected from the governing Socialist Party in 2010. Many government supporters view him as a traitor for abandoning the party, while members of the opposition view his roots with suspicion. “Elections in these conditions will not solve anything,” the coalition said in a statement. Falcon called on authorities to delay the election to a date when its result would be more credible. In his speech, Maduro urged opponents not to be“cowards” and stand against him, saying they were only boycotting the vote because they were scared of losing. Maduro said he hoped his campaign would be blessed by Jesus Christ, Chavez and Venezuelan independence hero Simon Bolivar. “I am the people’s president, the oligarchy have under-estimated me,” said Maduro, a former bus driver and union activist. Falcon’s decision to break with the opposition coalition’s boycott of the April 22 vote means he will not be able to count on it to mobilize voters, and grassroots opposition backers are likely to be alienated. Falcon, a former military officer, styles himself a center-leftist, seeking to combine business-friendly economic policies with strong social welfare programs. Maduro narrowly won election after Chavez’s 2013 death from cancer but has seen his popularity plunge during the economic crisis. Maduro has blamed a U.S.-led“economic war,” including financial sanctions imposed by President Donald Trump. Critics have said that incompetent policies, such as dysfunctional currency and price controls, and rampant graft are behind the crisis. The United States has said Venezuela’s election plan is undemocratic, and it and Colombia have said the results will not be accepted as legitimate. 
968672018769080326	2018-02-28 02:19:40	https://t.co/hRXDMXFHBm	Merkel ally promises Germany will stick to Schaueble's course https://t.co/hRXDMXFHBm	 BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany will stick to the stern fiscal orthodoxy it pursued under long-serving conservative finance minister Wolfgang Schaeuble even if the key post is ceded to a Social Democrat in the next government, acting finance chief Peter Altmaier said. Over his eight years in office, Schaeuble became famous in Europe and the world for his focus on budgetary discipline at home and in the euro zone, resisting calls for cost-free write-offs in the heavily indebted euro zone periphery. Although something of a hate figure in southern Europe, especially Greece, where unemployment remains high, he is popular at home for bequeathing Germany a fast-growing economy with little inflation and record low unemployment. “We will make sure that the successful work of Wolfgang Schaeuble is carried forward,” said Altmaier, a close Merkel ally slated to become economy minister if a new conservative-SPD “grand coalition” takes office. Both camps lost ground to a surging far right in September’s national election. The SPD, reluctant to repeat the bruising experience, insisted on taking the top finance job -- prompting rumblings of discontent in Merkel’s camp. “We will stick to a budget with no new debt. We won’t raise any taxes,” said Altmaier. “And on a European level we will be responsible with German interests,” Altmaier said in the interview with the Funke media group. Even if an SPD finance minister were minded to pursue a less sober fiscal policy, he would be bound by collective government responsibility, he added. Schaeuble stepped down as finance minister after the election to become president of the Bundestag, Germany’s parliament, which, with the entry of the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) party, is at its most fragmented in decades. The SPD’s membership is currently voting on whether to endorse the party leadership’s decision to govern with Merkel for another four years. The results of the postal ballot are expected this weekend. 
968669682306830336	2018-02-28 02:10:23	https://t.co/k8hzFOOLgV	In Honduras, U.S. envoy Haley tempers Trump threat over drug trafficking https://t.co/k8hzFOOLgV	 TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley pledged on Tuesday to raise the problem of drug trafficking at the United Nations after visiting Honduras and Guatemala this week and appeared to finesse a threat made by President Donald Trump to cut aid over the flow of drugs into the United States. Trump this month criticized countries he did not name for “pouring drugs” into the United States and called for aid to be stopped. Trump made his remarks after a U.S. Customs and Border Protection official told him cocaine was mainly coming from Colombia and Peru, through Mexico and Central America. “It’s everywhere and everyone’s feeling it,” said the usually tough-talking Haley, a former South Carolina governor, while in the Honduran capital Tegucigalpa on Tuesday. “It is a conversation that needs to be taking place internationally,” Haley said.“We can’t just focus on the countries producing it, we do have to focus on the countries moving it and are we doing enough in the international community to stop it.” She said Hernandez did not mention Trump’s remarks about drug trafficking during their meeting. As a high-profile cabinet member - in a role that has traditionally been shadowed by the secretary of state - Haley’s first visit to Central America is also shedding light on U.S. foreign policy for the second year of Trump’s administration. “This is the year of the Americas,” Haley told reporters after meeting with Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez.“You will see multiple members of the president’s cabinet making visits to Latin America to really talk about ... what else we can be doing and how else we can be partnering.” Her trip follows a visit by Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to Peru and Colombia earlier this month. After Haley left Honduras on Tuesday, around 500 opposition protesters threw rocks at civil and military police near the U.S. embassy. Security forces responded by firing tear gas to disperse the crowd of protesters. Conservative Hernandez beat his center-left rival, Salvador Nasralla, in a Nov. 26 election marred by allegations of fraud, sparking deadly protests. Nasralla, a sportscaster and game show host, and his ally Manuel Zelaya, a former leftist president who was overthrown in a 2009 coup, led the protesters on Tuesday. “The United States is backing a dictatorship in Honduras,” Zelaya said in a speech. Haley earlier on Tuesday said the people of Honduras needed to come together in the wake of the election and stressed to Hernandez the importance of electoral reform and human rights. She also praised Hernandez - and plans to do the same with Guatemalan President Jimmy Morales on Wednesday - for their opposition to a U.N. General Assembly resolution in December that called for Washington to drop its recognition of Jerusalem as Israel’s capital. “That was one that was not an easy decision for any country to have to vote on. But the people of Honduras stood with us in being able to make that decision for ourselves,” Haley told reporters as Hernandez stood beside her. Guatemala and Honduras were among eight countries - and the only nations in the Americas - to vote no with the United States to reject the U.N. resolution, which was adopted with the support of more than 120 countries. Hernandez said he had not yet decided on whether to move the Honduran embassy to Jerusalem, a move that Guatemala has said it would make. When asked if he expected anything from the United States in return for Honduras support on the issue, he said:“No, not at all, the same treatment as a sovereign nation.” 
968662055183110144	2018-02-28 01:40:05	https://t.co/rTcbCC3QQK	Baidu's video unit iQiyi files for U.S. IPO of up to $1.50 billion https://t.co/rTcbCC3QQK https://t.co/FFz33DWKjb	 BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese video streaming service provider iQiyi Inc, a unit of search engine firm Baidu Inc (BIDU.O), filed on Tuesday for an initial public offering that is set to raise more than $1.50 billion amid fierce competition in China’s online entertainment market. iQiyi plans to list its American Depository Shares on the Nasdaq under the symbol "IQ," it said in a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. bit.ly/2ouHhzO While iQiyi’s filing was for an IPO of up to $1.50 billion, the sum a company says it plans to raise in its first IPO filing is usually a temporary placeholder, and the final amount is expected to be higher. Baidu currently owns 80.5 percent of the Netflix-like video platform and will continue to be its controlling shareholder upon completion of the offering, iQiyi said. iQiyi could be worth $8 billion or more, Reuters Breakingviews said earlier this month. The listing will give the firm extra financial muscle as it squares off against rivals in the Chinese market, including Alibaba Group Holding Ltd’s (BABA.N) service Youku Tudou Inc, which the e-commerce company purchased fully in 2016. iQiyi, which offers free and subscription video content, raised $1.53 billion in a funding round last year, including $300 million from Baidu. The entertainment unit is one of few services that Baidu hasn’t opted to fold or sell off as part of a wide-scale restructuring to focus on artificial intelligence and autonomous driving. The search engine pulled resources from on-demand services site Nuomi last year and sold its food delivery business to Alibaba-backed Ele.me in August. Beijing-based iQiyi has posted losses since its inception in 2010, and reported a net loss of 3.74 billion yuan ($592 million) for 2017, compared with a 3.07 billion yuan loss a year earlier. Revenue, however, rose to 17.38 billion yuan from 11.24 billion yuan. It has over 50 million subscribers and more than 420 million monthly active users on mobile devices. The site has a mix of user-generated and original content, including several successful local web-series as well as licensing deals for foreign content. Last year the firm became the first Chinese site to ink a licensing deal with Netflix Inc (NFLX.O), which has struggled to enter the Chinese market due to strict censorship standards. iQiyi said it plans to use half of the net proceeds from the offering to expand and enhance it content offerings. Goldman Sachs (Asia) LLC, Credit Suisse and BofA Merrill Lynch are the lead underwriters to the IPO. 
968661538398711808	2018-02-28 01:38:02	https://t.co/lx7a1BAcKU	Trump discusses Iran in calls with Saudi, UAE leaders: White House https://t.co/lx7a1BAcKU	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump discussed Iran’s“destabilizing activities” and other security and economic issues in separate telephone calls with senior Saudi and Emirati leaders on Tuesday, the White House said. In calls with Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman and Abu Dhabi Crown Prince Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed al-Nahyan of the United Arab Emirates, Trump thanked them for highlighting ways that Gulf Arab states“can better counter Iranian destabilizing activities and defeat terrorists and extremists,” the White House said. Saudi Arabia and the UAE, along with Bahrain and Egypt, cut off travel and trade ties with Qatar in June, accusing it of supporting terrorism and their arch-rival Iran. The United States is trying to resolve the dispute. Qatar denies the charges and says the four Arab countries aim to curtail its sovereignty. The two crown princes, as well as Qatar’s Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani, are planning to visit Trump for bilateral meetings in March and April, a senior U.S. official said on Friday. The agenda for the meetings will include setting up a summit of the six-member Gulf Cooperation Council, the official said, which Washington hopes will be held later this year, as well as Middle East peace and Iran. Trump also discussed enhancing bilateral partnerships on security and economic issues with the Saudi and Abu Dhabi crown princes, the White House said. 
968659589460844545	2018-02-28 01:30:17	https://t.co/dovqNNDEQx	California man arrested for trying to join Islamic State https://t.co/dovqNNDEQx https://t.co/BRAaQfZJmR	 NEW YORK (Reuters) - A California man has been charged with trying to travel to Libya to join Islamic State, New York federal prosecutors announced Tuesday. In a criminal complaint unsealed in Brooklyn federal court, prosecutors said that Bernard Augustine, 21, traveled to Tunisia in February 2016 and from there attempted to reach Islamic State-controlled territory in Libya. Augustine, of Keyes, California, has been charged with attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization. He faces up to 20 years in prison if convicted, prosecutors said. A lawyer for Augustine could not immediately be identified. Prosecutors said that Augustine was arrested and imprisoned in Tunisia before Tunisian authorities turned him over to the United States. In March 2016, U.S. authorities searched Augustine’s laptop and found that he had viewed Islamic State videos in the months leading up to his trip and made online postings supporting the group. Authorities also interviewed a person who lived with Augustine, who told them Augustine was constantly on the internet and that he had no legitimate reason to travel to Tunisia, according to the complaint. As of January, 157 people had been charged in the United States in connection with Islamic State, according to the Program on Extremism at George Washington University. The militant group has lost most of the territory it once controlled in Iraq and Syria. 
968653942862303233	2018-02-28 01:07:51	https://t.co/NPL3sR7ddd	Trump discusses Iran, other issues in calls with Saudi, UAE leaders: White House https://t.co/NPL3sR7ddd	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump discussed Iran’s“destabilizing activities” and other security and economic issues in separate telephone calls with senior Saudi and Emirati leaders on Tuesday, the White House said. In calls with Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman and Abu Dhabi Crown Prince Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed al-Nahyan of the United Arab Emirates, Trump thanked them for highlighting ways that Gulf Arab states“can better counter Iranian destabilizing activities and defeat terrorists and extremists,” the White House said. Saudi Arabia and the UAE, along with Bahrain and Egypt, cut off travel and trade ties with Qatar in June, accusing it of supporting terrorism and their arch-rival Iran. The United States is trying to resolve the dispute. Qatar denies the charges and says the four Arab countries aim to curtail its sovereignty. The two crown princes, as well as Qatar’s Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani, are planning to visit Trump for bilateral meetings in March and April, a senior U.S. official said on Friday. The agenda for the meetings will include setting up a summit of the six-member Gulf Cooperation Council, the official said, which Washington hopes will be held later this year, as well as Middle East peace and Iran. Trump also discussed enhancing bilateral partnerships on security and economic issues with the Saudi and Abu Dhabi crown princes, the White House said. 
968648769523929088	2018-02-28 00:47:17	https://t.co/AyVCI6Zs8r	JUST IN: GM Korea to cut number of executives - internal letter https://t.co/AyVCI6Zs8r https://t.co/j750vPBWWT	 SEOUL (Reuters) - For years, General Motors resisted calls from South Korean officials to cut interest rates it was charging on nearly $3 billion in loans to its loss-making South Korean unit, according to three sources and documents seen by Reuters. The U.S. automaker, which has announced plans to close one GM Korea plant, last week proposed swapping its debt for equity in exchange for financial support from the South Korean government to keep operating in the country. But the interest charges remain a bugbear for Seoul, which wants an audit of what it calls GM Korea’s“opaque” management before deciding whether to spend taxpayers’ money to help the unit. South Korean officials and politicians blame GM’s high interest rates for exacerbating losses at GM Korea, which was already struggling with slumping exports to Europe. “Board members asked for interest rate cuts at almost every meeting, but GM turned a deaf ear,” a GM Korea board member told Reuters. “From a South Korean perspective, it is not right for the biggest shareholder to receive such a high interest rate when lending money to its affiliate,” said the board member, who declined to be named citing the confidentiality of the matter. The U.S. parent company told the board it had to apply equal rates to loans extended to its affiliates and couldn’t give GM Korea“preferential treatment”, the board member said. A spokesman for GM in Detroit said the company does not disclose specific details of its internal financial practices. GM has lent its South Korean unit nearly 3 trillion won ($2.79 billion), charging interest of 4.8 to 5.3 percent per annum, GM Korea’s latest regulatory filing shows. That has riled some lawmakers who are now being asked to step in and help save GM Korea, and who say other automakers are paying much less in interest. South Korea’s Hyundai Motor borrowed money at interest rates of 1.49 percent to 2.26 percent, and Ssangyong Motor, a smaller player than GM Korea, paid 3.51 percent, lawmaker Ji Sang-wuk said, citing regulatory filings. Over the past four years, GM Korea has paid GM 500 billion won in interest, according to GM Korea’s filings. The South Korean unit has racked up a total of 1.9 trillion won in net losses in the three years from 2014 to 2016. Some of the loans stem from 2012 and 2013, when GM Korea borrowed the funds to buy back $1.2 billion in preferred stock from former creditor and now No.2 shareholder, state-run Korea Development Bank (KDB), officials at GM Korea and KDB said. “This has made GM Korea bear the financial burden from its borrowings from GM Headquarters, which was able to take interest,” a former KDB executive involved in the matter told Reuters. He requested anonymity due to the sensitivity of the matter. The buyback was made ahead of a 2017 deadline to reduce rising dividend obligations on the preferred stock, cutting GM Korea’s costs. “We made an early redemption to improve our financial structure and reduce our payments burden,” a GM Korea official, who declined to be identified due to the sensitivity of the matter, told Reuters.“Local banks were reluctant to lend money because of our weak financial position.” A former GM Korea board member with direct knowledge of the matter said GM Korea’s board had asked KDB for loans with lower interest repayments but KDB also refused to lend to the loss making firm. “GM couldn’t let GM Korea go bankrupt so it lent money with the same level interest rate that it charged other GM affiliates,” the source said. “If this is going to be a blame game over GM taking high interest, this won’t help find a solution,” he added. KDB declined to comment. In December, KDB’s chairman delivered a letter to the head of GM Korea, demanding GM cut interest rates to help improve profits, according to a document seen by Reuters. KDB had asked to review GM Korea’s financial status but had been rejected by GM, a current KDB official said. “We asked GM to find a real cause for the losses but they rejected our proposal twice for due diligence on GM Korea,” the official said, who also requested anonymity due to the sensitivity of the matter. “Also since 2016 we keep asking GM to lower the interest rate for its loans to GM Korea, but it is not happening.” ($1 = 1,069.8100 won) 
968646966166028290	2018-02-28 00:40:07	https://t.co/BJ3oZXQ1kP	Macy's shares jump at first sign of sales turnaround https://t.co/BJ3oZXQ1kP https://t.co/P0QfOllaEP	 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Macy’s Inc (M.N) on Tuesday said sales at established stores could mark their first annual gain in four years, pinning its hopes on a new loyalty program, more off-price selling and private-label brands. The biggest U.S. department store chain also beat analysts’ estimates for quarterly profit and comparable sales growth on the back of a broadly strong U.S. holiday season. Whiles the results and outlook sent shares 5 percent higher, they also come as the wider retail industry stands to gain from higher consumer confidence and a boost to spending from U.S. tax cuts, potentially making Macy’s call for flat to 1 percent established store growth in fiscal 2018 seem less impressive. And Macy’s multi-faceted approach to stem its sales slide may not provide a comprehensive long-term solution, some cautioned. Macy’s, which has existed in some form for more than 150 years, is struggling to right itself while revamping marketing and merchandising, squeezing money from real estate assets and growing its Backstage brand launched in 2015 that competes with TJ Maxx owner TJX Cos Inc (TJX.N). “I call it the scattergun approach: they’re doing a lot of different things, but there doesn’t seem to be a coherent or clear focus to bring many of these things together,” said Neil Saunders, managing director of retail research firm Global Data. The retailer has been emblematic of the decline of brick-and-mortar in the face of competition from Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O), closing more than 100 stores since 2015 and slashing thousands of jobs as mall traffic plummeted and customers defected to off-price and fast-fashion sellers. But sales at stores open more than 12 months, including in departments licensed to third parties, rose 1.4 percent in the quarter ended Feb. 3. That marked the first rise for the measure in 12 quarters and beat the average analyst estimate of a 0.31 percent increase, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Still, previously reported comparable sales growth in November and December lagged rivals’, suggesting Macy’s lost market share during the key shopping months. Macy’s is the first major retailer to report full holiday-quarter results. Chief Executive Jeff Gennette said on a call to discuss the earnings that Macy’s plans to add 100 Backstage stores in 2018, including in some premium mall locations. The company has said putting Backstage stores in existing locations can lure foot traffic, and the“treasure hunting” of off-price shopping is hard to replicate online. Comparable sales fell 2.2 percent in fiscal 2017 on an owned basis and 1.9 percent on an owned-plus-licensed basis. Gross margin, which measures how much the company makes on each dollar of sales, slipped slightly in the quarter. But it was a smaller fall than the company had guided for, with Chief Financial Officer Karen Hoguet on Tuesday crediting a stronger merchandise margin thanks to inventory controls. Shares in Macy’s jumped as much as 13 percent and were last up 4.8 percent at $28.77. Rival JC Penney Co Inc (JCP.N) also surged early but pared gains to trade up 1.8 percent. Macy’s also operates the Bloomingdale’s and Bloomingdale’s outlet brands and the Bluemercury beauty and spa stores it bought in 2015. Macy’s has worked to generate cash by renting or selling its real estate, even considering unloading floors at its storied Herald Square flagship in New York. Macy’s partnered with Brookfield Asset Management in 2016 to let the real estate developer come up with plans to redevelop 50 properties. On Tuesday, Macy’s said agreements have been reached for nine assets which, if sold, would be worth about $50 million. It also said it inked a deal to sell the top floors of its State Street store in Chicago for $30 million and is exploring selling a chunk of its Union Square building in San Francisco. Macy’s adjusted earnings per share were $2.82 for the quarter, excluding restructuring and U.S. tax overhaul impacts, beating the average analyst estimate of $2.71. Revenue rose 1.8 percent to $8.67 billion, in line with estimates. Before Tuesday, Macy’s shares were up more than 50 percent since November, but are well below a mid-2015 peak of more than $73. 
968644481540153345	2018-02-28 00:30:15	https://t.co/1KZaYnweea	House passes bill to penalize websites for sex trafficking https://t.co/1KZaYnweea https://t.co/48gQcwmAG4	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives on Tuesday overwhelmingly passed legislation to make it easier to penalize operators of websites that facilitate online sex trafficking, chipping away at a bedrock legal shield for the technology industry. The bill’s passage marks one of the most concrete actions in recent years from the U.S. Congress to tighten regulation of internet firms, which have drawn heavy scrutiny from lawmakers in both parties over the past year due to an array of concerns regarding the size and influence of their platforms. The House passed the measure 388-25. It still needs to pass the U.S. Senate, where similar legislation has already gained substantial support, and then be signed by President Donald Trump before it can become law. Speaker Paul Ryan, in a statement before the vote, said the bill would help“put an end to modern-day slavery here in the United States.” The White House issued a statement generally supportive of the bill, but said the administration“remains concerned” about certain provisions that it hopes can be resolved in the final legislation. Several major internet companies, including Alphabet Inc’s Google and Facebook Inc, had been reluctant to support any congressional effort to dent what is known as Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act, a decades-old law that protects them from liability for the activities of their users. But facing political pressure, the internet industry slowly warmed to a proposal that gained traction in the Senate last year, and eventually endorsed it after it gained sizeable bipartisan support. Republican Senator Rob Portman, a chief architect of the Senate proposal, said in a statement he supported the House’s similar version and called on the Senate to quickly pass it. The legislation is a result of years of law-enforcement lobbying for a crackdown on the online classified site backpage.com, which is used for sex advertising. It would make it easier for states and sex-trafficking victims to sue social media networks, advertisers and others that fail to keep exploitative material off their platforms. Some critics warned that the House measure would weaken Section 230 in a way that would only serve to further help established internet giants, who possess larger resources to police their content, and not adequately address the problem. “This bill will only prop up the entrenched players who are rapidly losing the public’s trust,” Democratic Senator Ron Wyden, an original author of Section 230, said.“The failure to understand the technological side effects of this bill - specifically that it will become harder to expose sex-traffickers, while hamstringing innovation - will be something that this Congress will regret.” 
968643868672524288	2018-02-28 00:27:49	https://t.co/ksuCxBguKn	Chavista-defector Falcon to run against Maduro in Venezuelan election https://t.co/ksuCxBguKn	 CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuelan politician Henri Falcon on Tuesday defied a call by the country’s political opposition to boycott an April presidential election and said he would run against President Nicolas Maduro. “The government promised a paradise to millions of Venezuelans, but they gave them a hell,” Falcon told reporters. He called Maduro the“hunger candidate” in reference to an economic crisis that has brought a crippling recession, widespread shortages and an exodus of migrants from the oil-producing country. The opposition coalition is boycotting the April 22 election because its two most popular leaders - Leopoldo Lopez and Henrique Capriles - are prohibited from running, various parties have been outlawed and the election board is pro-Maduro. reut.rs/2oFvMVA Falcon defended his decision, saying he operates independently of the opposition coalition Democratic Unity. The opposition, which considers the vote a farce meant to consolidate Maduro’s power, accused him of trying to grab the spotlight. Maduro formally presented his candidacy for the vote at the national election board in Caracas before joining a rally of supporters. “I will be loyal to the legacy of the giant Hugo Chavez!” he said, dancing reggaeton on stage with his wife, Cilia Flores, before a large banner depicting him and Chavez, his predecessor as president. Before Falcon’s announcement, Maduro faced just one confirmed candidate, a little-known evangelical pastor named Javier Bertucci. Although once seen as a possible transition figure after nearly two decades of socialist rule, Falcon, 56, has little chance of defeating Maduro. A former stalwart of the ruling Chavismo movement, Falcon, a former mayor and state governor, defected from the governing Socialist Party in 2010. Many government supporters view him as a traitor for abandoning the party, while members of the opposition view his roots with suspicion. “Elections in these conditions will not solve anything,” the coalition said in a statement. Falcon called on authorities to delay the election to a date when its result would be more credible. In his speech, Maduro urged opponents not to be“cowards” and stand against him, saying they were only boycotting the vote because they were scared of losing. Maduro said he hoped his campaign would be blessed by Jesus Christ, Chavez and Venezuelan independence hero Simon Bolivar. “I am the people’s president, the oligarchy have under-estimated me,” said Maduro, a former bus driver and union activist. Falcon’s decision to break with the opposition coalition’s boycott of the April 22 vote means he will not be able to count on it to mobilize voters, and grassroots opposition backers are likely to be alienated. Falcon, a former military officer, styles himself a center-leftist, seeking to combine business-friendly economic policies with strong social welfare programs. Maduro narrowly won election after Chavez’s 2013 death from cancer but has seen his popularity plunge during the economic crisis. Maduro has blamed a U.S.-led“economic war,” including financial sanctions imposed by President Donald Trump. Critics have said that incompetent policies, such as dysfunctional currency and price controls, and rampant graft are behind the crisis. The United States has said Venezuela’s election plan is undemocratic, and it and Colombia have said the results will not be accepted as legitimate. 
968631854042681344	2018-02-27 23:40:04	https://t.co/ou754m6XFi	Senate Democrats push for support to reinstate net neutrality https://t.co/ou754m6XFi https://t.co/NQPDtWTABZ	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Democrats launched efforts on Tuesday to win a vote to reinstate Obama-era rules guaranteeing an open internet, suggesting it would be a major issue in the 2018 mid-term elections. Democrats remain one Republican senator shy of winning a majority in the Senate to reverse the Federal Communications Commission’s order to undo the 2015 open internet rules. Even then the effort would not likely pass the Republican-controlled House of Representatives or survive a veto by President Donald Trump. The FCC in December voted 3-2 to reverse Obama-era rules barring service providers from blocking, slowing access to or charging more for certain online content. The new FCC rules, once effective, would give internet service providers sweeping powers to change how consumers access the internet but include new transparency requirements that require them to disclose any changes to consumers. Last week, a coalition of 22 state attorneys general refiled legal challenges intended to block the Trump administration’s repeal of net neutrality. The FCC published its order overturning net neutrality last week, a procedural step that allows for the filing of legal challenges. FCC Chairman Ajit Pai has said often he is confident the order will be upheld. The repeal of the net neutrality rules was a victory for internet service providers like AT&T Inc, Comcast Corp and Verizon Communications Inc, conferring power over what content consumers can access. On the other side, technology companies including Alphabet Inc and Facebook Inc have thrown their weight behind the congressional bid to reverse the repeal. Democrats said on Tuesday that the issue would be big in the mid-term election, especially among younger internet-savvy voters. New York Senator Charles Schumer, the Democratic leader, suggested that under the FCC’s approach internet providers could block a young couple from watching Netflix programming or a college student watching an educational video. Schumer said Americans should blame Republicans for slow internet service“while Democrats fought to fix it.” Republicans have said the FCC vote would eliminate heavy-handed government regulations, encourage investment and return the internet to pre-2015 rules. Under Senate rules, the earliest the Senate could vote on the issue is March 15 and they must seek a vote by June 20. Senator Edward Markey, the chief sponsor, said Democrats are undecided on when they would force a vote. Democrats, who control 49 seats in the 100-person chamber, have the backing of 50 senators for repeal, leaving them one vote short of a majority. Democrats need 51 votes to win any proposal in the Republican-controlled Senate because Vice President Mike Pence can break any tie. 
968629398638354432	2018-02-27 23:30:19	https://t.co/CxpVo4VWKa	Google's Clips camera is latest effort to bring AI into home gadgets https://t.co/CxpVo4VWKa https://t.co/nqdYp9wXPx	 SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Babies, dogs and artificial intelligence. Alphabet Inc’s (GOOGL.O) Google is betting this combination proves irresistible with the Tuesday launch of Google Clips, a pocket-sized digital camera that decides on its own whether an image is interesting enough to shoot. The $249 device, which is designed to clip onto furniture or other fixed objects, automatically captures subjects that wander into its viewfinder. But unlike some trail or security cameras that are triggered by motion or programmed on timers, Clips is more discerning. Google has trained its electronic brain to recognize smiles, human faces, dogs, cats and rapid sequences of movement. The company sees big potential with parents and pet owners looking to grab candid shots of kids and animals. The Clip shoots seven-second videos, without audio, that can be edited into GIFs or high-definition photos. These images can then be downloaded and shared via smartphone. But Google’s bigger ambition is the mastery - and commercialization - of artificial intelligence, an area where it is investing big. Google executives say success requires tight integration between hardware and software, which is why the search-engine giant keeps plugging away at consumer electronics. The company has yet to dominate with its devices, though its Google Home smart speakers, Chromecast TV dongles and Pixel smartphones have all won high marks from consumers. Each new gadget wires customers more deeply into its suite of services, which will be essential as Google competes with Apple Inc (AAPL.O), Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) and Facebook Inc (FB.O) to be a primary hub for entertainment and shopping. Google is sharpening its focus with each effort. With its Clips smart camera, the company is trying to hook shutterbugs with a soft introduction to artificial intelligence. “Being able to have cameras identify what’s happening in the home, without having to filter through recordings, this is where the market for video in the home is moving,” said Blake Kozak, principal analyst at IHS Markit. Some analysts are dubious that Clips will be a blockbuster in a marketplace crowded with digital cameras. Its price could prove too high to justify its narrow uses. Alternatives such as pet camera Petcube, for example, provide more functionality, including remote monitoring. Lack of audio, limited battery life and privacy concerns could further limit Clips’ appeal. But the device is nonetheless an important demonstration of Google’s advances in computer vision, a form of artificial intelligence focused on identifying objects, according to Cyril Ebersweiler, founder of the hardware business incubator HAX. “The next thing after sound will be computer vision, and they can’t allow [themselves] not to be doing something,” Ebersweiler said. Google says Clips, which was announced in October, is the outgrowth of years of research into what people like about their favorite images. Consumers overwhelmingly preferred candid shots as opposed to ubiquitous selfies and other posed photos. But casual photographers often cannot whip out their phones in time to catch the action. And many subjects become self-conscious when they know a camera is pointed their way. “There is gold in between the photos you take” with smartphones, Juston Payne, product lead for Google Clips, told reporters this month.“This camera gets at those moments.” Payne said his team had no mandate to develop a stand-alone camera. They could have packed more software into smartphone cameras, for instance. But he said a dedicated device that could fade into the background proved to be the best solution for naturalistic photography. Measuring 2 inches by 2 inches and weighing two ounces, Clips can be hung from a drawer handle or a tree branch at the playground. Payne said the gadget is not meant to be worn. The camera captures the best shots when subjects are about three feet away and in its frame. It operates three hours on a charge. Clips is being sold at Best Buy and Verizon retail outlets as well as Google’s online store. Google says it attempted to address privacy concerns by placing white lights on Clips to alert subjects when the camera is filming. It also intentionally avoided giving the camera a direct connection to the cloud. The device’s lack of sound may disappoint consumers, but Payne said audio would have encouraged people to film themselves while skydiving or skiing, pursuits the gadget’s auto-capture technology is not yet capable of handling. Michael Kim, a product design consultant at Kim Advisory Capital, said Clips could be convenient as an“ambient photographer.” But he questioned whether such a pricey“novelty toy” could win a large following. 
968627842773897216	2018-02-27 23:24:08	https://t.co/4brXC3AEDr	Russia is acting as ‘both arsonist and firefighter’ in Syria, says a senior U.S. general https://t.co/4brXC3AEDr https://t.co/93J1B1J3CG	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A senior U.S. general accused Russia on Tuesday of playing a destabilizing role in Syria and acting as“both arsonist and firefighter,” as a brief truce unilaterally declared by Moscow in the eastern Ghouta region collapsed. The United States and Russia have been on different sides of the seven-year-old war, with Moscow heavily backing Syrian President Bashar al-Assad whose forces are besieging eastern Ghouta, a rebel-held area near Damascus. “Diplomatically and militarily, Moscow plays both arsonist and firefighter, fueling tensions among all parties in Syria... then serving as an arbitrator, to resolve disputes, attempting to undermine and weaken each party’s bargaining positions,” said U.S. Army General Joseph Votel. Votel is the head of the U.S. military’s Central Command. He was speaking to a House of Representatives Armed Services Committee hearing. Over the past week, Syria’s army and its allies have subjected eastern Ghouta to one of the heaviest bombardments of the war, killing hundreds. A Russian call for a five-hour truce on Tuesday failed to halt the bombing, with residents saying that government warplanes had resumed striking the region after a brief lull. The United Nations said it was proving impossible to aid civilians or evacuate the wounded, and said all sides must instead abide by a full 30-day ceasefire demanded by the U.N. Security Council. On Tuesday, State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said Russia was failing to abide by the ceasefire. “They’re not adhering to the ceasefire because they continue to sponsor and back Bashar al-Assad’s government. That is tragic,” Nauert said, pointing to the rising death toll among civilians and children. She said the attacks in eastern Ghouta were“horrific” and likened the devastation there to the assault last year on Aleppo. Votel said Russia had failed to rein in its Syrian ally. “I think either Russia has to admit that it is not capable, or it doesn’t want to play a role in ending the Syrian conflict. I think their role is incredibly destabilizing at this point.” He added that Moscow was using Syria to test new weapons and military tactics, and it had increased its surface-to-air missiles in the region that threatened the United States’ ability to“dominate the airspace.” As Islamic State militants near defeat in Syria, tensions between the United States and Russia have risen and added uncertainty to an already complex battlefield of opposing local fighters and their international backers, which also include Turkey and Iran. Votel became the latest in a string of senior U.S. defense officials to decline public comment on whether Russian civilian contractors were involved in a Feb. 7 attack on U.S. and U.S.-backed forces in Syria. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis has said that the United States is still unsure who directed the attack. Reuters has reported that about 300 men working for a Kremlin-linked Russian private military firm were either killed or injured in Syria. U.S. Senator Chris Coons told reporters on Tuesday there were“a fair number of Russian and Iranian and Syrian casualties.” Separately, Votel said the U.S. military was seeing some“positive indicators” from Pakistan, showing it is becoming more responsive to U.S. concerns about militant safe havens. Relations between the allies have plummeted recently and last week Washington persuaded member states of the Financial Action Task Force to put Pakistan back on the watchlist of nations with inadequate terrorist financing or money laundering controls. “It does not yet equal the decisive action that we would like to see them take in terms of a strategic shift, but they are positive indicators,” Votel said. 
968627410940977152	2018-02-27 23:22:25	https://t.co/mvytOdsIBf	German coalition would create legal right to fast internet: Bild https://t.co/mvytOdsIBf	 BERLIN (Reuters) - People in Germany will acquire a legal right to fast internet under a proposed coalition between Chancellor Angela Merkel’s conservatives and the Social Democrats (SPD), the man expected to become Merkel’s top aide said in remarks published on Wednesday. The SPD and conservatives have agreed that if they take power together, they want to ensure that all regions have access to high-speed internet by 2025. But Helge Braun, designated chancellery chief under the planned coalition, said in an interview with mass-selling Bild newspaper that a ‘grand coalition’ would create the legal framework for people to have a right to fast internet. “Fast internet is just as important as the supply of gas, water and electricity and that’s why this issue is a top priority for the chancellor,” Helge was quoted as saying. “There will be a legal entitlement to fast internet in future,” he said, adding that he expected the federal government and industry to spend at least 100 billion euros on expanding broadband by 2025. The chancellery chief is the chancellor’s top assistant, running the chancellery and ensuring cooperation between the ministries. Germany ranks 28th out of 32 countries in the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development’s league table of access to fast internet. The SPD’s members still have the chance to veto the ‘grand coalition’ deal and the result of a ballot of the SPD’s roughly 464,000 members is due on Sunday. Braun also said the process of asylum applications needed to be sped up and deportations made easier. More than a million migrants have arrived in Germany since mid-2015, many of them fleeing conflict and poverty in the Middle East, Africa and elsewhere. “So that deportations function smoothly, we need more administrative judges and we need to make it easier to put people in pre-departure custody,” he said. “We also need more agreements with the countries of origin for them to take people back.” 
968617984280457217	2018-02-27 22:44:58	https://t.co/XKML4QOw5e	Comcast CEO eyes global pay-TV crown with Sky bid https://t.co/XKML4QOw5e https://t.co/Rg7orqwOYI	 LONDON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Comcast Corp (CMCSA.O) would become the world’s largest pay-TV operator if CEO Brian Roberts’ $31-billion bid for Sky Plc (SKYB.L) succeeds, more than doubling its subscribers and expanding its international presence as growth slows in its core U.S. market. Little known in Europe, Philadelphia-based Comcast is the biggest U.S. cable operator, owning broadcasters NBC, CNBC and MSNBC. It also owns movie studio Universal Pictures, home to“Minions” and“Jason Bourne” movies and some theme parks. A deal with Sky would help diversify its revenue as more U.S. customers cancel their cable packages in favor of cheaper streaming options from companies like Netflix Inc (NFLX.O) and Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O). Comcast lost 33,000 video customers last quarter alone.. Comcast would immediately become the world’s largest pay-TV operator with 52 million“customer relationships,” if the deal went ahead, according to Macquarie analysts, adding Sky’s 23 million subscribers to its own customer base. That would almost double the company’s reach and give it cross-border presence in Britain, Germany and Italy as well as the United States. The figure of 52 million is still dwarfed by Netflix’s 118 million worldwide subscribers. If the deal went ahead, international revenue would make up 25 percent of Comcast’s total, up from 9 percent currently, according to the company. A key gain for Comcast would be Sky’s success earlier this month in winning the rights to show Premier League soccer matches for a fee well below analyst expectations, likely a boost to future earnings. Comcast offered 12.50 pounds in cash per Sky share on Tuesday, well above the 10.75 pounds Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOXA.O) - run by Roberts’ rival Rupert Murdoch - had agreed to pay for the British company. That complicates Walt Disney Co’s (DIS.N) $52-billion deal to buy a range of Fox assets, including Sky, which was based on the assumption that Fox would complete its purchase. Investors and analysts met Comcast’s offer for Europe’s biggest pay-TV broadcaster with some skepticism, sending Comcast shares down 6 percent on Tuesday. Disney shares were also down 3.7 percent. Sky shares jumped 20 percent. A Sky deal would provide additional channels for Comcast-owned content in Europe but also tie it further to satellite distribution, a technology growing obsolete in the United States, said Craig Moffett, an analyst at MoffettNathanson. The all-cash deal would likely limit Comcast’s share buybacks, said Hank Smith, co-chief investment officer at Haverford Trust Co, which owns 3.35 million Comcast shares. “There was a fair amount of hedge fund ownership that was expecting accelerated buybacks,” said Smith, addressing Comcast’s share drop on Tuesday.“If that was your thesis for owning Comcast that’s going to be on hold for now. There’s also concern that this becomes a bidding war.” Such a bidding war could mean that if Disney wants to block Comcast and own all of Sky, it would have to pay more than 14 pounds a share, according to a note on Tuesday by London-based Square Global Markets. Roberts, 58, took over as head of Comcast from his father, Ralph, who founded the company in 1963. The younger Roberts became Comcast’s president in 1990 and CEO in 2002, having spent his whole career at the company. Any deal would raise Roberts’ profile as one of the most powerful media leaders. He brokered the 2001 deal with AT&T Broadband that turned the cable company into a national player. He led Comcast’s failed effort to buy Disney for $54 billion in 2004. His $37-billion deal in 2009 to combine General Electric Co’s (GE.N) NBCUniversal business and Comcast’s cable networks put him in charge of more than 20 million subscribers of video, internet and voice services, the broadcast network known for“Friends” and“Seinfeld,” plus theme parks and the film studio. When Roberts was weighing an offer for Sky, a trip to see Sky’s products in store, and the knowledge of the London taxi driver that took him there, helped to make up his mind. “The cab driver was incredibly knowledgeable about the difference between Virgin and Sky in every feature,” Roberts told reporters on Tuesday.“We were learning a lot there. Then when we went to the Sky store, we spent at least an hour going through every feature and comparing it to our own... We were really terribly impressed.” Liberty Global-owned (LBTYA.O) Virgin Media is a British rival to Sky. The CEO said the visit was one of a number of things that confirmed his company should try to acquire Sky. “Seeing it again, and listening to the passion of the sales and looking at the product... all those things combined to reinforce what a number of us have known for years - that this is a jewel,” said Roberts.“Frankly there’s nothing as great in the United States.” 
968616030691119104	2018-02-27 22:37:12	https://t.co/ZQTXcSGBoY	U.S. envoy for North Korea to retire after Trump rejects unconditional talks https://t.co/ZQTXcSGBoY	 SEOUL/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. special envoy for North Korea plans to retire on Friday, the State Department said just hours after President Donald Trump again rejected talks to resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis unless conditions are met. South Korean-born Joseph Yun, a strong advocate for engagement with Pyongyang, has led U.S. contact with North Korea, quietly pursuing direct diplomacy since taking his post under former President Barack Obama in 2016. Yun’s departure leaves the State Department without a point person for North Korea policy at a time Pyongyang has signaled it may be willing to talk to the United States after a period of diplomatic contacts with South Korea during the Winter Olympics. The special envoy’s authority to engage with North Korea appeared to be undercut by a tug-of-war between the White House and State Department over North Korea policy under Trump. “He was skeptical and wary of the White House’s hardline approach toward North Korea from the beginning”, a senior South Korean official told Reuters, requesting anonymity due to the sensitivity of the matter. Another senior South Korean official said Yun had“run out of steam” amid tension between the White House, which has been carrying out its“maximum pressure” campaign against North Korea, and the State Department, which supported Seoul’s efforts to re-engage Pyongyang. While his tenure was praised publicly by the State Department, one senior administration official said Yun would not be missed because he contradicted Trump’s policies, while at a daily press briefing White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders brushed off questions about the impact of Yun’s departure. Yun, a 32-year foreign service veteran, told U.S. media his retirement was a personal decision and that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson had tried to persuade him to stay. “It is really my decision. The time, I thought, was right,” he told CBS News.“There is a bit of a lull in activity and I thought it would be a good (time) to get out.” Yun did not respond to Reuters requests for comment. In the CBS interview, Yun noted North Korea had“stopped nuclear and missile tests”. Pyongyang conducted its biggest and most recent nuclear bomb test in September and its largest and latest missile test in late November. His departure leaves vacant another key position tasked with dealing with the North’s nuclear and missile threats. Trump has yet to nominate an ambassador to South Korea, a post vacant for over a year. Congress, former U.S. officials and foreign policy experts have criticized the administration’s failure to fill this and other positions. “It’s regrettable that Yun is leaving at this critical moment. It could also have policy implications and a message to Pyongyang”, a third South Korean official said. Some East Asia analysts called Yun’s departure a big blow to attempts to use diplomacy to resolve the crisis over North Korea’s development of nuclear missiles capable of hitting the United States, which has raised fears of war. “This is exceptionally bad news,” Frank Jannuzi, an East Asia expert who heads the Mansfield Foundation, said on Twitter.“Joe Yun is the only senior official left at State who has experience dealing with the complexities of North Korea policy.” Former deputy assistant secretary of defense for East Asia Abraham Denmark called Yun’s departure“a huge loss for the U.S. government at a critical moment.” The U.S. State Department said Tillerson had“reluctantly accepted his decision.” Spokeswoman Heather Nauert said the denuclearization of North Korea remained the top U.S. national security priority and Washington’s“maximum pressure” campaign to bring that about was succeeding. “If someone chooses to retire, that does not change our policy,” Nauert told a regular news briefing.“I feel fully confident we have the appropriate people in place who can handle everything he did and more.” South Korea this week urged Washington and Pyongyang to give ground to allow for talks. Trump on Monday reiterated his willingness to talk, but only under the right conditions. Washington has said repeatedly that any talks must be aimed at North Korea giving up its nuclear weapons, something North Korea has rejected. Yun told South Korea’s Yonhap news agency he was“very hopeful about talks.” “I hope there is a good dialogue, there is a peaceful resolution,” Yonhap quoted him as saying. On Friday, Washington announced its largest package of sanctions yet on North Korea. Trump warned of a“phase two” that could be“very, very unfortunate for the world” if the steps did not work, an apparent reference to military options his administration says remain on the table. In Geneva on Tuesday, North Korea’s envoy to the U.N. Conference on Disarmament Han Tae Song dismissed sanctions as ineffective and said plans by Seoul and Washington to resume joint military exercises would harm“the current positive process of improved inter-Korean relations.” A senior State Department official told Reuters late last year that Yun had sought direct diplomacy with North Korean officials at the United Nations in the hope of lowering the temperature in U.S.-North Korean tensions. Most were deeply skeptical about his chances. “He’s such a dreamer,” a White House official said at the time, with a note of sarcasm. Yun traveled to North Korea last June to help secure the release of comatose American student Otto Warmbier, whose detention and subsequent death further soured relations. 
968616030506508288	2018-02-27 22:37:12	https://t.co/vjK9S3nIN5	Trial of alleged coup leaders opens in Burkina Faso https://t.co/vjK9S3nIN5	 OUAGADOUGOU (Reuters) - Two senior allies of Burkina Faso’s deposed former President Blaise Compaore and scores of others appeared in court on Tuesday accused of organizing a 2015 coup attempt against a transitional government. Protesters, angered by Compaore’s attempt to change the constitution to extend his 27-year rule, forced him to flee the West African nation in 2014. He now lives in exile in neighboring Ivory Coast. Troops from the elite Presidential Security Regiment under the command of General Gilbert Diendere, Compaore’s right-hand man, took members of the transitional government hostage less than a month before elections the following year. The week-long power grab failed, but 14 people were killed and more than 250 others were wounded as they attempted to resist the putsch. Diendere’s supporters, among hundreds of observers who braved strict security checks to pack the courtroom in the capital of Ouagadougou, cheered the former spy chief when he stood to confirm his presence to the military tribunal. He is charged with threatening state security, murder and assault and battery. Beside him, refusing to speak, sat ex-foreign minister Djibril Bassole, who is accused of being the coup’s mastermind and faces charges of treason and conspiring with a foreign force. In total, 84 people are charged with crimes related to the failed coup. However defense lawyers challenged the legality of the tribunal, claiming its composition did not follow proper procedure, and walked out of the courtroom before any of their clients could enter a plea. “This trial is an important moment in the history of our country. It must therefore proceed in an exemplary manner,” said Mamadou Savadogo, a member of the defense team. Court was adjourned and no date was given for the next hearing. “We are not discouraged, because this is the beginning of the end of impunity,” Chrysogome Zougmore, head of the Burkinabe Movement for Human Rights and Peoples, told Reuters. Over 300 victims are claiming damages as part of the trial. Serge Bayala’s leg was in a cast when RSP soldiers arrived to break up protests against the coup. “Everyone fled,” he said.“They shot me, rebreaking my leg which was almost healed. Today we are demanding truth for all the victims.” 
968616030401593344	2018-02-27 22:37:12	https://t.co/6ypwEMjR56	British PM's Northern Irish allies angry at Brexit withdrawal treaty reports https://t.co/6ypwEMjR56	 DUBLIN (Reuters) - Details of the draft withdrawal treaty between Britain and the EU reported on Tuesday“fundamentally breach” a deal reached last year to move Brexit talks forward, a member of the Northern Ireland party that props up Britain’s minority government said. The draft to be agreed by the executive European Commission on Wednesday will cross many British red lines, officials say, and include controversial elements such as a clause preventing“regulatory divergence” across the Irish border. The clause will put into legal effect an agreement reached by negotiators in December where Britain pledged that Northern Ireland, which will be the UK’s only land frontier with the EU after its departure, will, in a worst case scenario, stay aligned with the rules of the EU’s single market and customs union. However in a sign of potential difficulty for British Prime Minister Theresa May, a senior member of the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) reacted angrily to a report by Irish broadcaster RTE that a concurrent pledge that there will be no barriers between Northern Ireland and the rest of the UK will not be in the text. “This fundamentally breaches the understanding reached in December and would undermine the constitutional status of NI,” Jeffrey Donaldson, one of 10 DUP lawmakers whose support May relies on in parliament, said on Twitter. “If the EU or Dublin believes the UK Government will be signing up to a border in the Irish Sea, they are deluded.” The draft text will also state that, under the regulatory alignment backstop option, joint EU-UK customs teams will be required to apply checks on goods coming from the UK into the new regulatory space on the island of Ireland, RTE reported, quoting an EU source. British officials are also uneasy about EU negotiators writing into the draft that the British province will avoid diverging from EU rules. Opposition from the DUP to the initial wording of December’s agreement almost scuppered the breakthrough on the border and Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar anticipated earlier on Tuesday that there could be similar problems ahead. “I’m satisfied that it (the draft withdrawal treaty) puts down in law how we can avoid a hard border between Northern Ireland and Ireland,” Varadkar told parliament. “But I should say the withdrawal agreement being published tomorrow is a draft text and we can’t automatically assume that will be acceptable to the United Kingdom or all the parties in Northern Ireland so we could have an interesting few weeks ahead, as we had back in December.” 
968615740457865222	2018-02-27 22:36:03	https://t.co/gTEO2Z8arD	Breakingviews - Georgia gives Amazon one great reason to stay away https://t.co/gTEO2Z8arD https://t.co/iDuGdHv0n1	 NEW YORK (Reuters Breakingviews) - Georgia just hoisted a massive red flag for Amazon. The $730-billion e-commerce behemoth is finalizing plans for a second headquarters. It had selected Atlanta among 20 North American locations drawn from hundreds of proposals. At stake are 50,000 jobs and $5 billion of investment. The Peach State’s Republican legislators have now given founder Jeff Bezos the best reason yet to strike Atlanta off Amazon’s shortlist. Georgia’s Lieutenant Governor Casey Cagle, the leading Republican contender to occupy the governor’s mansion, launched a high-profile campaign to punish Atlanta-based Delta Air Lines for its decision to stop offering discounts to members of the National Rifle Association. Delta withdrew its goodies for the NRA amid threats of a widespread boycott of companies affiliated with the gun lobby following the massacre of 17 students in a Florida high school. The one-time tuxedo-rental entrepreneur pledged“to kill any legislation” that benefits the largest U.S. airline unless it restores its NRA benefits.“Corporations cannot attack conservatives and expect us not to fight back,” Cagle tweeted. Delta receives a $40 million annual tax break related to jet fuel, which is up for renewal. Delta is the largest private employer in the state, with some 33,000 employees, and counts Hartsfield–Jackson International Airport as a global hub. The NRA is based in Virginia. Tax breaks like the one Delta receives are bad policy to begin with. As a form of corporate welfare they are also antithetical to conservative capitalist doctrine. But doing away with them for reasons of cultural welfare is simply self-defeating. Cagle just sent a message to all companies that Georgia’s fiscal promises can be erased on a whim. That’s especially true if Delta – and presumably rival United Airlines, as well as two of the largest U.S. insurers and the three biggest car-rental agencies – are making decisions derived from sound business practices. The calculus in severing ties with the NRA seems pretty simple. Losing the custom of five million firearms diehards is better than alienating the other 318 million American citizens, a majority of whom, polls show, support gun-safety legislation that the NRA opposes. Atlanta’s mayor has said the city assembled“the most aggressive economic attraction package” in Georgia’s history, including $1 billion in incentives and infrastructure improvements, according to news reports. When Amazon lands its shiny new offices somewhere else, the people of Atlanta should know who to blame for their city’s loss. 
968604402041937923	2018-02-27 21:50:59	https://t.co/nK71NsSFCq	Amazon set to buy Ring in a deal valued at over $1 billion: source https://t.co/nK71NsSFCq https://t.co/osCcnVHhVp	 (Reuters) - Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) has agreed to buy video doorbell maker Ring, the companies said on Tuesday, in what analysts see as a growing bet on delivering packages inside of shoppers’ homes and on home security. The deal valued Ring at more than $1 billion, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters. Amazon declined to discuss the terms. Ring is set to be one of Amazon’s most expensive takeovers, after its $13.7 billion deal last year for Whole Foods Market. The world’s largest online retailer believes that selling internet-connected gadgets from Kindle e-readers to its new Cloud Cam will spark more shopping on Amazon.com. Ring offers the company a popular consumer electronics brand that it might not have replicated internally. More importantly, Ring’s security devices could work well with Amazon Key, a smart lock and camera system that lets delivery personnel put packages inside a home to avoid theft or, in the case of fresh food, spoiling. “As Amazon moves more aggressively into the grocery delivery space... we believe smart security devices will be an important factor in driving user adoption,” Baird Equity Research analyst Colin Sebastian said in a note. Amazon’s Alexa Fund, which offers venture capital to companies working on voice technology, invested in the Santa Monica, California-based Ring. Currently, Ring devices can integrate with Amazon’s voice-controlled assistant Alexa. Users of Amazon’s Echo Show device can say,“Alexa, show my front door” to receive a live feed of activity around their home via Ring cameras. The deal creates potential for much more, analysts said. “Amazon more than Ring can revolutionize home security,” Wedbush Securities analyst Michael Pachter said. U.S. security and alarm company ADT could be the biggest loser, he added. Ring’s“camera technology is far superior to physical security ... With Amazon having roughly 100 million Prime members, that’s a big addressable market for them to start selling this into.” Shares of ADT Inc (ADT.N) fell more than 2 percent after the news to close at $11.60. Amazon stock closed down 0.7 percent. Amazon was working on a competing smart lock with camera prior to the deal, according to a separate person familiar with the matter. Its decision to buy Ring underscores the task startups have trying to win in the home security space. “For consumer businesses, it’s going to be challenging to compete with folks like Google and Amazon,” said Luke Schoenfelder, chief executive of Latch, which sells smart lock systems to apartment building owners. Amazon acquired the maker of Blink home security cameras for about $90 million late last year, Reuters reported. 
968601395229286400	2018-02-27 21:39:03	https://t.co/MITk5jFCt8	Breakingviews - Murdoch holds winning hand in Sky poker game https://t.co/MITk5jFCt8 https://t.co/VhXMut7J5Z	 NEW YORK (Reuters Breakingviews) - Comcast Chief Executive Brian Roberts just did the deal equivalent of a photobomb. But it’s Rupert Murdoch who may end up smiling. The owner of NBC Universal offered to buy Sky for $31 billion. This poses a dilemma for Walt Disney chief Bob Iger. He can try to outbid Comcast or reduce his price for Twenty-First Century Fox’s assets, excluding its 39 percent stake in the European pay-TV firm. Keeping track of the frenzied media M&A landscape requires a cheat sheet. First, Fox made an offer to buy the rest of Sky in 2016, but it’s still waiting for approvals from reluctant British regulators. Meanwhile, in December Disney announced it would pay $52.4 billion for Fox’s movie studios, cable networks and international units, including the Sky stake. On Tuesday, Comcast bellied up to the table and topped Fox’s offer by some 16 percent. Disney could counter with a move for all of Sky too. Prospects of a bidding war probably explain why Sky’s shares rose 20 percent Tuesday to 13.32 pounds, significantly above Comcast’s offer. Then again Iger may decide to renegotiate his deal to exclude Sky rather than running the risk of ending up with a minority position in a company run by Comcast. Say that the Magic Kingdom accepts Fox’s valuation of its equity position in the satellite operator, which it pegged at $9.2 billion at the end of last year, according to its latest regulatory filing. That would reduce its purchase price to about $43.2 billion. This would free up Murdoch to sell the minority position in Sky to Roberts for about $12 billion at the current offer price, which may yet be raised. All in, Murdoch and Fox shareholders would receive $55 billion, or $2.6 billion more than Disney’s original offer. There are still many possible cards to play, which make this deal game increasingly risky. U.S. regulators could refuse to rubber-stamp Disney’s offer for Fox, given that it would combine two major studios and increase Iger’s interest in Hulu. The Department of Justice could win its case against AT&T, freeing up Time Warner to enter the fray. But as the seller in a seller’s market, Murdoch looks set to come out ahead under almost any scenario.
968599311691976705	2018-02-27 21:30:46	https://t.co/mkwB40bikm	German military helicopter crash in Mali caused by incorrectly set autopilot-report https://t.co/mkwB40bikm	 BERLIN (Reuters) - The crash of a German military Airbus Tiger helicopter in Mali last July was caused by incorrect settings on the autopilot, Germany’s Spiegel Online reported on Tuesday. The helicopter crashed while flying a peacekeeping mission in the West African nation’s desert north, killing the two crew members. Spiegel Online said the Defence Ministry had informed the parliamentary defense committee about the new findings on Tuesday. It said the autopilot controlled the airplane’s elevator. It remained unclear who programmed the settings on the autopilot software, which were not found on any other Tiger helicopters. Spiegel Online cited a report from the Defence Ministry as saying the autopilot flew the helicopter sharply lower, leaving the pilots no chance to manually take the plane higher again. A parliamentary source confirmed the gist of the Spiegel report. An Airbus spokesman declined comment and referred all queries to German military authorities investigating the accident. A defence ministry spokesman confirmed that a report was presented to committee leaders on Tuesday, and said it would be discussed in greater detail with members on Wednesday. He declined to comment on the reported cause of the crash. 
968597071518425091	2018-02-27 21:21:52	https://t.co/42SHvHyRYR	Top U.S. envoy for North Korea to retire after Trump rejects talks without conditions https://t.co/42SHvHyRYR	 SEOUL/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. special envoy for North Korea plans to retire on Friday, the State Department said just hours after President Donald Trump again rejected talks to resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis unless conditions are met. South Korean-born Joseph Yun, a strong advocate for engagement with Pyongyang, has led U.S. contact with North Korea, quietly pursuing direct diplomacy since taking his post under former President Barack Obama in 2016. Yun’s departure leaves the State Department without a point person for North Korea policy at a time Pyongyang has signaled it may be willing to talk to the United States after a period of diplomatic contacts with South Korea during the Winter Olympics. The special envoy’s authority to engage with North Korea appeared to be undercut by a tug-of-war between the White House and State Department over North Korea policy under Trump. “He was skeptical and wary of the White House’s hardline approach toward North Korea from the beginning”, a senior South Korean official told Reuters, requesting anonymity due to the sensitivity of the matter. Another senior South Korean official said Yun had“run out of steam” amid tension between the White House, which has been carrying out its“maximum pressure” campaign against North Korea, and the State Department, which supported Seoul’s efforts to re-engage Pyongyang. While his tenure was praised publicly by the State Department, one senior administration official said Yun would not be missed because he contradicted Trump’s policies, while at a daily press briefing White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders brushed off questions about the impact of Yun’s departure. Yun, a 32-year foreign service veteran, told U.S. media his retirement was a personal decision and that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson had tried to persuade him to stay. “It is really my decision. The time, I thought, was right,” he told CBS News.“There is a bit of a lull in activity and I thought it would be a good (time) to get out.” Yun did not respond to Reuters requests for comment. In the CBS interview, Yun noted North Korea had“stopped nuclear and missile tests”. Pyongyang conducted its biggest and most recent nuclear bomb test in September and its largest and latest missile test in late November. His departure leaves vacant another key position tasked with dealing with the North’s nuclear and missile threats. Trump has yet to nominate an ambassador to South Korea, a post vacant for over a year. Congress, former U.S. officials and foreign policy experts have criticized the administration’s failure to fill this and other positions. “It’s regrettable that Yun is leaving at this critical moment. It could also have policy implications and a message to Pyongyang”, a third South Korean official said. Some East Asia analysts called Yun’s departure a big blow to attempts to use diplomacy to resolve the crisis over North Korea’s development of nuclear missiles capable of hitting the United States, which has raised fears of war. “This is exceptionally bad news,” Frank Jannuzi, an East Asia expert who heads the Mansfield Foundation, said on Twitter.“Joe Yun is the only senior official left at State who has experience dealing with the complexities of North Korea policy.” Former deputy assistant secretary of defense for East Asia Abraham Denmark called Yun’s departure“a huge loss for the U.S. government at a critical moment.” The U.S. State Department said Tillerson had“reluctantly accepted his decision.” Spokeswoman Heather Nauert said the denuclearization of North Korea remained the top U.S. national security priority and Washington’s“maximum pressure” campaign to bring that about was succeeding. “If someone chooses to retire, that does not change our policy,” Nauert told a regular news briefing.“I feel fully confident we have the appropriate people in place who can handle everything he did and more.” South Korea this week urged Washington and Pyongyang to give ground to allow for talks. Trump on Monday reiterated his willingness to talk, but only under the right conditions. Washington has said repeatedly that any talks must be aimed at North Korea giving up its nuclear weapons, something North Korea has rejected. Yun told South Korea’s Yonhap news agency he was“very hopeful about talks.” “I hope there is a good dialogue, there is a peaceful resolution,” Yonhap quoted him as saying. On Friday, Washington announced its largest package of sanctions yet on North Korea. Trump warned of a“phase two” that could be“very, very unfortunate for the world” if the steps did not work, an apparent reference to military options his administration says remain on the table. In Geneva on Tuesday, North Korea’s envoy to the U.N. Conference on Disarmament Han Tae Song dismissed sanctions as ineffective and said plans by Seoul and Washington to resume joint military exercises would harm“the current positive process of improved inter-Korean relations.” A senior State Department official told Reuters late last year that Yun had sought direct diplomacy with North Korean officials at the United Nations in the hope of lowering the temperature in U.S.-North Korean tensions. Most were deeply skeptical about his chances. “He’s such a dreamer,” a White House official said at the time, with a note of sarcasm. Yun traveled to North Korea last June to help secure the release of comatose American student Otto Warmbier, whose detention and subsequent death further soured relations. 
968594397934780419	2018-02-27 21:11:14	https://t.co/Pfd0tQTZ9Z	U.S. seeks 'robust involvement' in EU defense pact: sources https://t.co/Pfd0tQTZ9Z	 BERLIN (Reuters) - The U.S government has told EU states that it and other non-EU NATO allies should play a key role in a European defense pact, diplomatic sources said on Tuesday. The message, sent to defense and foreign ministries, was meant to underscore Washington’s worries that the pact could duplicate NATO efforts and possibly shut out U.S. arms makers from future European defense contracts, the sources told Reuters. Twenty-five EU governments launched the agreement in December to fund, develop and deploy armed forces together, ending the squandering of billions of euros by splintered defense policies and reducing Europe’s heavy reliance on Washington. The message, sent in a diplomatic cable earlier this month, said Washington supported the plan, but expected the“robust involvement” of NATO and particularly non-EU members of the trans-Atlantic defense alliance, the sources said. “The two main concerns are that there’s no duplication with NATO and that non-EU allies are not cut out of competitions for future weapons,” one of the sources told Reuters on Tuesday. “If the EU countries are joining forces to make acquisitions that are ultimately going to be used in the NATO context, there should be fair and open competitions,” the source added. France and Germany have already announced plans to develop a next-generation European fighter jet and Germany is leading an effort to develop a new European drone. One European official said the U.S. concern about being shut out was“a bit ironic,” given U.S. President Donald Trump’s“America First” policy, and the problems that European firms have historically had breaking into the U.S. weapons market. The U.S. message echoed remarks made by NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg at the Munich Security Conference earlier this month in which he highlighted the importance of non-EU allies in paying for European defense. Once Britain leaves the EU, he said, 80 percent of NATO defense spending will come from non-EU allies. The sources said Washington also told EU states in a separate cable that it planned to boost funding for increased U.S. military exercises and training in Europe by $1.7 billion to $6.5 billion in the fiscal 2019 year beginning on Oct. 1. The initiative, initially known as the European Reassurance Initiative, was launched in 2014 by then U.S. President Barack Obama in the wake of Russia’s annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea region. It has since been renamed the European Deterrence Initiative, or EDI. The cable, sent out late last week and early this week, said the U.S. was living up to its obligations to ensure the defense of all NATO members in what one of the sources called“a subtle prod to other allies to increase their own funding.” Trump has been pressing European countries to increase their defense spending and honor agreements to move towards spending 2 percent of economic output on the military by 2024. NATO expects eight of NATO’s 29 members to meet the target in 2018, growing to at least 15 in 2024. 
968586558629728256	2018-02-27 20:40:05	https://t.co/ubyLGaNN1S	Fox, Disney and now Comcast - a timeline of Sky takeover proposals https://t.co/ubyLGaNN1S https://t.co/d12KdumA86	 LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. cable giant Comcast (CMCSA.O) has offered to buy Sky (SKYB.L) for $31 billion in a surprise move, posing another hurdle to tycoon Rupert Murdoch’s attempts to buy the broadcaster. Murdoch’s Fox (FOXA.O) has agreed to buy the 61 percent of Sky it does not already own, but the deal has become bogged down in regulatory investigations. In the meantime, Fox has agreed to sell assets to Disney in a follow-on deal, including Sky. Murdoch helped to launch Sky in 1990 before his holding was cut to around 40 percent during its flotation in 1994. He sought to buy the company back eight years ago but failed during a high-profile media and political scandal. Here is a timeline: June, 2010 Rupert Murdoch’s News Corp proposes to pay $12 billion to take full control of British satellite broadcaster BSkyB. Mid 2010 to mid 2011 A phone-hacking scandal erupts at Murdoch-owned tabloid News of the World, culminating in the closure of the paper and the appearance of Murdoch before parliament, which he describes as the“most humble day of my life”. July, 2011 News Corp withdraws its bid for the 61 percent of BSkyB it does not own, in the face of widespread hostility. June, 2012 Murdoch announces a plan to split his company in two, dividing his assets into a publishing business called News Corp and an entertainment-focused firm, 21st Century Fox, which holds the stake in BSkyB. July, 2014 BSkyB agrees to pay $9 billion to buy Murdoch’s pay-TV companies in Germany and Italy, taking its hunt for growth into Europe by creating a media powerhouse with 20 million customers and renaming itself as Sky. December, 2016 Fox strikes a $14.6 billion deal to buy Sky to unite Murdoch’s media empire across two continents and help it take on rivals like Netflix (NFLX.O) in the battle for viewers. March, 2017 The British government asks broadcast regulator Ofcom to decide if the deal is in the public interest. June 29, 2017 Britain says it intends to subject the deal to a further, in-depth investigation after finding it risks giving the media mogul too much power over the news agenda. September 12, 2017 Britain’s culture secretary throws the deal into doubt when she asks regulators to consider whether Fox would uphold standards, having not previously raised such concerns. September 14, 2017 Britain confirms it will refer Fox’s bid for Sky to a lengthy regulatory investigation. November, 2017 Comcast CEO Brian Roberts takes a London taxi to a Sky store, and is impressed with the products and how people talk about Sky - cab driver included. December 14, 2017 Walt Disney Co (DIS.N) strikes a deal to buy film, television and international businesses from Murdoch’s Fox for $52.4 billion in stock, including its holdings in Sky. January 23, 2018 Britain’s competition regulator says Murdoch’s Sky bid, now worth $15.7 billion, should be blocked unless a way is found to prevent his family from influencing the network’s news output. February 13, 2018 Sky secures rights to show 128 English Premier League soccer matches for three seasons from 2019/20 for 3.58 billion pounds, much lower than expected, boosting its shares and future earnings. February 20, 2018 Murdoch strengthens an existing offer to protect the independence of Sky’s loss-making news channel to try to overcome regulatory concerns. February 27, 2018 U.S. cable giant Comcast proposes a $31 billion deal to buy Sky, sending Sky’s shares up 21 percent. 
968584084665532418	2018-02-27 20:30:15	https://t.co/5tcFGp4caW	Pinterest hires former Google exec as its first COO https://t.co/5tcFGp4caW https://t.co/4wJVvQXRwo	 (Reuters) - Image-based searching and sharing website Pinterest on Tuesday appointed Francoise Brougher, a former executive at Alphabet Inc, as its first chief operating officer. Brougher, most recently the business lead at Square Inc, will be responsible for supervising Pinterest’s operations around the world and will lead its sales. Brougher, whose appointment is effective March 12, will be based out of Pinterest’s headquarters in San Francisco and report to Chief Executive Officer Ben Silbermann. The first COO announcement is part of the maturation of a company as it nears an initial public offering. Pinterest has more than 200 million monthly active users worldwide collecting and pinning photos related to cooking, designing, travel and other interests on its website. More than half of Pinterest users are from outside the United States. The company, backed by Andreessen Horowitz, Fidelity Investments and Goldman Sachs among others, has a market valuation of more than $12 billion. 
968579327410540544	2018-02-27 20:11:21	https://t.co/fp8pGtNXLT	Dancing Maduro launches Venezuela re-election bid https://t.co/fp8pGtNXLT	 CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuelan politician Henri Falcon on Tuesday defied a call by the country’s political opposition to boycott an April presidential election and said he would run against President Nicolas Maduro. “The government promised a paradise to millions of Venezuelans, but they gave them a hell,” Falcon told reporters. He called Maduro the“hunger candidate” in reference to an economic crisis that has brought a crippling recession, widespread shortages and an exodus of migrants from the oil-producing country. The opposition coalition is boycotting the April 22 election because its two most popular leaders - Leopoldo Lopez and Henrique Capriles - are prohibited from running, various parties have been outlawed and the election board is pro-Maduro. reut.rs/2oFvMVA Falcon defended his decision, saying he operates independently of the opposition coalition Democratic Unity. The opposition, which considers the vote a farce meant to consolidate Maduro’s power, accused him of trying to grab the spotlight. Maduro formally presented his candidacy for the vote at the national election board in Caracas before joining a rally of supporters. “I will be loyal to the legacy of the giant Hugo Chavez!” he said, dancing reggaeton on stage with his wife, Cilia Flores, before a large banner depicting him and Chavez, his predecessor as president. Before Falcon’s announcement, Maduro faced just one confirmed candidate, a little-known evangelical pastor named Javier Bertucci. Although once seen as a possible transition figure after nearly two decades of socialist rule, Falcon, 56, has little chance of defeating Maduro. A former stalwart of the ruling Chavismo movement, Falcon, a former mayor and state governor, defected from the governing Socialist Party in 2010. Many government supporters view him as a traitor for abandoning the party, while members of the opposition view his roots with suspicion. “Elections in these conditions will not solve anything,” the coalition said in a statement. Falcon called on authorities to delay the election to a date when its result would be more credible. In his speech, Maduro urged opponents not to be“cowards” and stand against him, saying they were only boycotting the vote because they were scared of losing. Maduro said he hoped his campaign would be blessed by Jesus Christ, Chavez and Venezuelan independence hero Simon Bolivar. “I am the people’s president, the oligarchy have under-estimated me,” said Maduro, a former bus driver and union activist. Falcon’s decision to break with the opposition coalition’s boycott of the April 22 vote means he will not be able to count on it to mobilize voters, and grassroots opposition backers are likely to be alienated. Falcon, a former military officer, styles himself a center-leftist, seeking to combine business-friendly economic policies with strong social welfare programs. Maduro narrowly won election after Chavez’s 2013 death from cancer but has seen his popularity plunge during the economic crisis. Maduro has blamed a U.S.-led“economic war,” including financial sanctions imposed by President Donald Trump. Critics have said that incompetent policies, such as dysfunctional currency and price controls, and rampant graft are behind the crisis. The United States has said Venezuela’s election plan is undemocratic, and it and Colombia have said the results will not be accepted as legitimate. 
968573584284291072	2018-02-27 19:48:32	https://t.co/t59cCcVKp8	Iran justice minister expects fewer executions under revised drug law https://t.co/t59cCcVKp8	 GENEVA (Reuters) - Iran’s justice minister said on Tuesday a recent reform of its drug laws should lead to fewer executions after the U.N. Secretary General said he remained alarmed about their high number - nearly 500 last year. As Ali Reza Avai addressed the United Nations Human Rights Council, protesters rallied outside against the senior official who is on European Union and Swiss sanctions lists over alleged involvement in violations including arbitrary arrests and a rise in executions while he was president of the Tehran judiciary. Avai was a senior judiciary official during the 1980s and the Mujahedin-e Khalq, an Iranian opposition group, accuses him of playing a role in the Islamic Republic’s execution of thousands of political prisoners in 1988. Attempts by Reuters to reach the Iranian foreign and justice ministries as well as its diplomatic mission in Geneva for comment were not successful. About 100 demonstrators gathered outside the United Nations’s European headquarters in Geneva to protest against Avai’s participation in the rights council session. Avai told the forum that in Iran, the Islamic penal code and criminal procedure code had been revised to be more efficient and safeguard the rights of the accused. “In this context the counter-narcotics law was amended. As a result, executions related to drug crimes will decrease remarkably,” he said. Iran is second only to China in its use of the death penalty, Amnesty International said last year. U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres voiced concern earlier on Tuesday at the high number of executions in Iran, persistent reports of the use of torture to coerce confessions, the killing of anti-government protesters last December, harassment of activists and closures of social media accounts. Iran carried out at least 482 executions last year, including five people convicted of crimes committed under the age of 18, Guterres said in a report calling for a moratorium. The executions were mainly for drug-related offences and murder, and some for“sexual offences”. This compared with 530 executions in 2016, but Guterres said he remained“alarmed by the high number” of executions and death sentences issued by Iran’s Revolutionary Courts.“Reports that drug offenders are often deprived of basic due process and fair trial rights continue to be received,” his report said. He also cited continuing reports pointing to“a pattern of physical or mental pressure applied upon prisoners to coerce confessions, some of them televised. He added that Iran’s penal code continued to allow punishment by flogging including for drug and alcohol consumption, theft, adultery and mixing of the sexes in public. “These sentences can also be imposed on children.” Avai’s speech did not address criticism of Iran’s human rights record. 
968573394278068224	2018-02-27 19:47:47	https://t.co/HcxrQM0lCv	Macy's shares jump at first sign of sales turnaround https://t.co/HcxrQM0lCv https://t.co/taiUy37uTK	 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Macy’s Inc (M.N) on Tuesday said sales at established stores could mark their first annual gain in four years, pinning its hopes on a new loyalty program, more off-price selling and private-label brands. The biggest U.S. department store chain also beat analysts’ estimates for quarterly profit and comparable sales growth on the back of a broadly strong U.S. holiday season. Whiles the results and outlook sent shares 5 percent higher, they also come as the wider retail industry stands to gain from higher consumer confidence and a boost to spending from U.S. tax cuts, potentially making Macy’s call for flat to 1 percent established store growth in fiscal 2018 seem less impressive. And Macy’s multi-faceted approach to stem its sales slide may not provide a comprehensive long-term solution, some cautioned. Macy’s, which has existed in some form for more than 150 years, is struggling to right itself while revamping marketing and merchandising, squeezing money from real estate assets and growing its Backstage brand launched in 2015 that competes with TJ Maxx owner TJX Cos Inc (TJX.N). “I call it the scattergun approach: they’re doing a lot of different things, but there doesn’t seem to be a coherent or clear focus to bring many of these things together,” said Neil Saunders, managing director of retail research firm Global Data. The retailer has been emblematic of the decline of brick-and-mortar in the face of competition from Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O), closing more than 100 stores since 2015 and slashing thousands of jobs as mall traffic plummeted and customers defected to off-price and fast-fashion sellers. But sales at stores open more than 12 months, including in departments licensed to third parties, rose 1.4 percent in the quarter ended Feb. 3. That marked the first rise for the measure in 12 quarters and beat the average analyst estimate of a 0.31 percent increase, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Still, previously reported comparable sales growth in November and December lagged rivals’, suggesting Macy’s lost market share during the key shopping months. Macy’s is the first major retailer to report full holiday-quarter results. Chief Executive Jeff Gennette said on a call to discuss the earnings that Macy’s plans to add 100 Backstage stores in 2018, including in some premium mall locations. The company has said putting Backstage stores in existing locations can lure foot traffic, and the“treasure hunting” of off-price shopping is hard to replicate online. Comparable sales fell 2.2 percent in fiscal 2017 on an owned basis and 1.9 percent on an owned-plus-licensed basis. Gross margin, which measures how much the company makes on each dollar of sales, slipped slightly in the quarter. But it was a smaller fall than the company had guided for, with Chief Financial Officer Karen Hoguet on Tuesday crediting a stronger merchandise margin thanks to inventory controls. Shares in Macy’s jumped as much as 13 percent and were last up 4.8 percent at $28.77. Rival JC Penney Co Inc (JCP.N) also surged early but pared gains to trade up 1.8 percent. Macy’s also operates the Bloomingdale’s and Bloomingdale’s outlet brands and the Bluemercury beauty and spa stores it bought in 2015. Macy’s has worked to generate cash by renting or selling its real estate, even considering unloading floors at its storied Herald Square flagship in New York. Macy’s partnered with Brookfield Asset Management in 2016 to let the real estate developer come up with plans to redevelop 50 properties. On Tuesday, Macy’s said agreements have been reached for nine assets which, if sold, would be worth about $50 million. It also said it inked a deal to sell the top floors of its State Street store in Chicago for $30 million and is exploring selling a chunk of its Union Square building in San Francisco. Macy’s adjusted earnings per share were $2.82 for the quarter, excluding restructuring and U.S. tax overhaul impacts, beating the average analyst estimate of $2.71. Revenue rose 1.8 percent to $8.67 billion, in line with estimates. Before Tuesday, Macy’s shares were up more than 50 percent since November, but are well below a mid-2015 peak of more than $73. 
968571518354632704	2018-02-27 19:40:19	https://t.co/LWdE9oSiIf	Air strikes kill five civilians in Yemen: Reuters witness https://t.co/LWdE9oSiIf	 SAADA, Yemen (Reuters) - Air strikes killed five civilians and wounded at least 14, including four children, outside the northern Yemeni city of Saada on Tuesday, a Reuters witness and medics said. A Saudi-led coalition that intervened in Yemen’s war in 2015 to try to restore its president to power has conducted frequent air strikes targeting Iran-aligned Houthi rebels and has often hit civilians, although denies ever doing so intentionally. Medics and a Reuters photographer who saw the wreckage in Saada said an initial air strike destroyed a house in the outlying Sohar district of the city, the main stronghold of the Houthis who control much of northern Yemen. The medics said two further air strikes hit paramedics who were trying to lift the victims from the rubble. A spokesman for the Saudi-led coalition could not immediately be reached for comment. The coalition entered Yemen’s conflict three years ago against the Houthis after they ousted the internationally recognized government of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi. The war has killed more than 10,000 people, displaced more than 2 million and driven the country - already the poorest on the Arabian Peninsula - to the verge of widespread famine. 
968570230875312128	2018-02-27 19:35:12	https://t.co/m0UDKLWWec	Key U.S. lawmakers want to boost Israel's $38 billion defense aid package https://t.co/m0UDKLWWec	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. senators who just returned from a trip to Israel called on Tuesday for an increase in the $38 billion in military aid the United States is currently providing Israel, signaling support for more funds for Israeli missile systems. Senators Lindsey Graham, a leading Republican foreign policy voice, and Chris Coons, a Democratic member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said they considered the provision of $38 billion over 10 years, “a floor.” Graham said during a meeting with reporters that he thought provisions in the agreement phasing out an arrangement in which Israel could spend U.S. funds on its own defense industry and the provision of just $500 million in missile defense funding were “short-sighted.” Coons said tensions in the broader region supported the idea of more funding for Israel, citing the ongoing war in Syria and Iran’s recent use of a stealth drone. The United States and Israel signed an agreement in September 2016 to give Israel $38 billion in military assistance over the next decade, the largest such aid package in U.S. history but one that included concessions by Israel’s government. 
968570230795591680	2018-02-27 19:35:12	https://t.co/xM8PDrL4p4	Jerusalem's Church of Holy Sepulchre to reopen after protest https://t.co/xM8PDrL4p4	 JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Jerusalem’s Church of the Holy Sepulchre, revered as the site of Jesus’s crucifixion and burial, will reopen its doors after Israel backtracked on Tuesday from a tax plan and proposed property legislation that prompted a three-day protest. A statement issued by Christian leaders in Jerusalem said the church would reopen on Wednesday morning. 
968568987159269378	2018-02-27 19:30:16	https://t.co/iEw8Usayzp	WTO chief reacts coolly to Trump's criticism of trade judges https://t.co/iEw8Usayzp https://t.co/KaUmbn70Xc	 SOFIA (Reuters) - The head of the World Trade Organization diplomatically took issue with U.S. President Donald Trump’s description of the WTO as a catastrophe on Tuesday, pointing out that the United States actually had a better deal than other countries in the club. “World Trade Organization — a catastrophe,” Trump said on Monday at a meeting with U.S. governors, according to a White House transcript. “The World Trade Organization makes it almost impossible for us to do good business. We lose the cases, we don’t have the judges. We have a minority of judges. It’s almost as bad as the 9th Circuit,” Trump said. Asked about Trump’s remarks, WTO Director General Roberto Azevedo, a former Brazilian trade negotiator, told reporters in Sofia that it was not news that the United States had concerns about the work of the WTO. “Just one clarification,” he said. “No member has more than one judge at the WTO. The members of the Appellate Body, they are seven, and they come from different regions, so no country has a majority there. The United States, in fact, has always had one of the Appellate Body members with U.S. nationality, which is very unusual, but it is the situation.” Since last year, the United States has been vetoing the appointment of new judges to the WTO’s Appellate Body, in effect the supreme court of world trade. The lack of judges has slowed down the handling of trade disputes and could halt the appeals process altogether after the next judge retires in September. Trump has said he thinks the United States does not get a fair deal, but trade negotiators from other countries say he has not yet set any conditions for resuming judicial appointments, making it impossible to meet U.S. demands. “This is a very serious situation that we are trying to discuss with members, to see how we can overcome this,” Azevedo said. Former WTO chief Pascal Lamy said last week that Trump’s view of trade was“medieval”, and the U.S. win/lose rate in WTO disputes was similar to that of other countries. “The question is whether the U.S. problem is trying to fix a number of issues or whether the U.S. strategy is trying to wreck the system,” Lamy said. 
968560231163858944	2018-02-27 18:55:28	https://t.co/qg3zZRC2Hg	PayPal settles U.S. charges over alleged Venmo disclosure failure: FTC https://t.co/qg3zZRC2Hg https://t.co/q0hQFHAGKj	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - PayPal Holdings Inc (PYPL.O), parent of peer-to-peer payments app Venmo, has settled U.S. charges it failed to give critical disclosures to users regarding privacy and the availability of funds transferred into a Venmo account, the Federal Trade Commission said on Tuesday. The FTC said in a statement that the alleged actions violated federal law aimed at protecting consumer information and that as part of the proposed settlement Venmo must submit to third-party reviews of its compliance with privacy rules for 10 years, among other actions. PayPal was not required to pay any money as part of the settlement. The FTC said that Venmo would sometimes notify users that deposits had been made to their Venmo accounts and could be transferred to their banks. But, at times, when users tried to make that transfer, Venmo either froze the account and sometimes reversed the payment. This meant that some users were unable to pay bills and suffered financial hardship, the FTC said. The agency also alleged that Venmo at times misrepresented what actions were needed to keep transactions private, resulting in disclosures that users did not want, the FTC said. PayPal head of corporate communications Amanda Miller said the alleged problems occurred before PayPal bought Venmo in 2013. “We are pleased to conclude this process with the FTC in a cooperative way,” Miller said in a statement. “As a core part of PayPal’s and Venmo’s business and operations, we’ve taken steps to significantly strengthen our privacy and data security practices.” 
968558201649205249	2018-02-27 18:47:24	https://t.co/OlG4fDCsU3	Google's Clips camera is latest effort to bring AI into home gadgets https://t.co/OlG4fDCsU3 https://t.co/Cm1oLEEwXQ	 SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Babies, dogs and artificial intelligence. Alphabet Inc’s (GOOGL.O) Google is betting this combination proves irresistible with the Tuesday launch of Google Clips, a pocket-sized digital camera that decides on its own whether an image is interesting enough to shoot. The $249 device, which is designed to clip onto furniture or other fixed objects, automatically captures subjects that wander into its viewfinder. But unlike some trail or security cameras that are triggered by motion or programmed on timers, Clips is more discerning. Google has trained its electronic brain to recognize smiles, human faces, dogs, cats and rapid sequences of movement. The company sees big potential with parents and pet owners looking to grab candid shots of kids and animals. The Clip shoots seven-second videos, without audio, that can be edited into GIFs or high-definition photos. These images can then be downloaded and shared via smartphone. But Google’s bigger ambition is the mastery - and commercialization - of artificial intelligence, an area where it is investing big. Google executives say success requires tight integration between hardware and software, which is why the search-engine giant keeps plugging away at consumer electronics. The company has yet to dominate with its devices, though its Google Home smart speakers, Chromecast TV dongles and Pixel smartphones have all won high marks from consumers. Each new gadget wires customers more deeply into its suite of services, which will be essential as Google competes with Apple Inc (AAPL.O), Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) and Facebook Inc (FB.O) to be a primary hub for entertainment and shopping. Google is sharpening its focus with each effort. With its Clips smart camera, the company is trying to hook shutterbugs with a soft introduction to artificial intelligence. “Being able to have cameras identify what’s happening in the home, without having to filter through recordings, this is where the market for video in the home is moving,” said Blake Kozak, principal analyst at IHS Markit. Some analysts are dubious that Clips will be a blockbuster in a marketplace crowded with digital cameras. Its price could prove too high to justify its narrow uses. Alternatives such as pet camera Petcube, for example, provide more functionality, including remote monitoring. Lack of audio, limited battery life and privacy concerns could further limit Clips’ appeal. But the device is nonetheless an important demonstration of Google’s advances in computer vision, a form of artificial intelligence focused on identifying objects, according to Cyril Ebersweiler, founder of the hardware business incubator HAX. “The next thing after sound will be computer vision, and they can’t allow [themselves] not to be doing something,” Ebersweiler said. Google says Clips, which was announced in October, is the outgrowth of years of research into what people like about their favorite images. Consumers overwhelmingly preferred candid shots as opposed to ubiquitous selfies and other posed photos. But casual photographers often cannot whip out their phones in time to catch the action. And many subjects become self-conscious when they know a camera is pointed their way. “There is gold in between the photos you take” with smartphones, Juston Payne, product lead for Google Clips, told reporters this month.“This camera gets at those moments.” Payne said his team had no mandate to develop a stand-alone camera. They could have packed more software into smartphone cameras, for instance. But he said a dedicated device that could fade into the background proved to be the best solution for naturalistic photography. Measuring 2 inches by 2 inches and weighing two ounces, Clips can be hung from a drawer handle or a tree branch at the playground. Payne said the gadget is not meant to be worn. The camera captures the best shots when subjects are about three feet away and in its frame. It operates three hours on a charge. Clips is being sold at Best Buy and Verizon retail outlets as well as Google’s online store. Google says it attempted to address privacy concerns by placing white lights on Clips to alert subjects when the camera is filming. It also intentionally avoided giving the camera a direct connection to the cloud. The device’s lack of sound may disappoint consumers, but Payne said audio would have encouraged people to film themselves while skydiving or skiing, pursuits the gadget’s auto-capture technology is not yet capable of handling. Michael Kim, a product design consultant at Kim Advisory Capital, said Clips could be convenient as an“ambient photographer.” But he questioned whether such a pricey“novelty toy” could win a large following. 
968556321992736768	2018-02-27 18:39:56	https://t.co/mBACs6gcK9	Scotland, Wales defy London with bills to keep powers after Brexit https://t.co/mBACs6gcK9	 EDINBURGH (Reuters) - The Scottish and Welsh governments said on Tuesday they will introduce bills into their parliaments aimed at keeping regional powers that come back from Brussels after Brexit, in a move that could complicate British plans to leave the EU. The bills are to be debated by the devolved parliaments in the coming days. Several powers which have been devolved onto the regional governments, such as agriculture and fisheries, are administered from Brussels because they fall within EU frameworks. But after Brexit those powers will come back to Britain, and Scotland and Wales want to make sure they stay within the remit of regional parliaments and do not just revert to the British government. The sides are currently negotiating exactly how the powers will be returned, but have reached a stumbling block. The coming regional bills are designed as a back-up in case no deal can be reached. It was not immediately clear what legal weight the Scottish and Welsh bills would have, but the process of establishing whether they are binding could take weeks or even months, while the British government has limited time before Brexit day in a year’s time. The British government needs a deal with Scotland and Wales before the summer in order to pass the European Union (Withdrawal) Bill in Britain’s national parliament. Although Britain’s devolved parliaments do not have a veto on Brexit legislation, ignoring their wishes has worsened already strained relations and may stoke nationalism in Scotland, further complicating the EU withdrawal process. Scotland and Wales say that the British Brexit withdrawal bill makes a mockery of two decades of power-sharing agreements. “The EU (Withdrawal) Bill, as currently drafted, would allow the UK government to take control of laws and policy areas that are devolved. This is simply not acceptable to the Welsh government, or the people of Wales who have voted for devolution in two referendums,” the Welsh government said. Prime Minister Theresa May’s government says it wants to make unspecified exceptions to their powers where it deems it necessary for overall British unity, and that is the stumbling block in talks. By introducing its own bill now, the Scottish government can ensure enough time for it to be made effective before Brexit legislation is passed in Britain’s national parliament in London, the Scottish bill said. It added:“It is a bill which prepares Scotland’s devolved laws for the UK’s withdrawal from the European Union. This means that EU laws currently in force will be retained after withdrawal and the Scottish government will be given the tools needed to make sure these laws keep working after withdrawal.” The Scottish challenge to Prime Minister Theresa May’s authority comes after her government indicated on Monday it would go no further in offering concessions to Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland in reaching agreement over the EU (Withdrawal) Bill. Scotland’s first minister said earlier that the Scottish parliament would not consent to the UK legislation as it stands. “I will not sign up to something that effectively undermines the whole foundation on which devolution is built,” Nicola Sturgeon told BBC radio. 
968556321908887552	2018-02-27 18:39:56	https://t.co/kSYRAVwXjD	Slovak police say in touch with Czechs, Italy over journalist murder https://t.co/kSYRAVwXjD	 PRAGUE (Reuters) - Slovak police are looking into possible foreign links to the murder of an investigative journalist and his girlfriend and are in contact with services in the Czech Republic and Italy, the head of the police said on Tuesday. The murder of Jan Kuciak, 27, and his fiancée Martina Kusnirova, each killed with a single shot, has shaken Slovakia and led to a wave of anger at perceived high-level corruption in the EU country, the subject of Kuciak’s work. Police President Tibor Gaspar said on Tuesday that police have questioned around 20 people since Monday and were working on various hypotheses including the possibility that Kuciak was murdered due to his work. Slovak media reported that among other topics, Kuciak has worked on suspected fraud involving European Union subsidies thought to have been siphoned off to the Italian mafia. “We have pro-actively communicated first with the Czech Republic - I will not specify the reason exactly - but the case has connection, certain overreach to the Czech Republic,” Gaspar told reporters. “Naturally we are communicating with Italy, based on all what has been in the media, everyone can make a conclusion why,” he said. Gaspar said the EU’s police agency Europol has offered expert assistance on issues like analysis of mobile phones. He said over 20 people have been interrogated and camera footage was being examined. Gaspar spoke at a joint news conference with Prime Minister Robert Fico, who repeated his call for the public to help with information. He stood next to a table with 1 million euros in cash on it, which the government promised for information that helps solve the case. Interior Minister Robert Kalinak said a representative of news website aktuality.sk, for whom Kuciak worked, would be invited to join the investigation team to provide maximum transparency. Kuciak had written articles about tax fraud and businessmen with political connections, including to the ruling Smer party. The opposition called a protest against corruption and the government for Wednesday afternoon in Bratisalva. 
968553290685435904	2018-02-27 18:27:54	https://t.co/40IHarXIiY	Vote in South Africa's parliament moves land reform closer https://t.co/40IHarXIiY	 CAPE TOWN (Reuters) - South Africa took a step on Tuesday to hasten the transfer of land from white to black owners when parliament backed a motion seeking to change the constitution to allow land expropriation without compensation. The ruling African National Congress has long promised reforms to redress racial disparities in land ownership and the subject remains highly emotive more than two decades after the end of apartheid. Whites still own most of South Africa’s land following centuries of brutal colonial dispossession. Tuesday’s motion was brought by the radical left Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) party but was supported by the ANC, which controls almost two-thirds of the parliament compared with EFF’s 6 percent. South African President Cyril Ramaphosa said after his inauguration two weeks ago that he would speed up the transfer of land to black people although he stressed that food production and security must be preserved. Launching a debate on the motion in parliament, EFF leader Julius Malema said “it was time for justice” on the land issue. “We must ensure that we restore the dignity of our people without compensating the criminals who stole our land,” he said. The motion was passed by 241 votes in favor versus 83 votes against. Parliament then instructed a committee to review the constitution and report back to it by Aug. 30. It was not clear when any change to Section 25 of the constitution to allow expropriation of land without compensation would take place. Together, the ANC, EFF and other small opposition parties could muster the two-thirds majority needed for a constitutional change. The ANC supported the motion with some amendments. Its deputy chief whip, Dorries Dlakude, said the party “recognises that the current policy instruments, including the willing-buyer willing-seller policy and other provisions of section 25 of the constitution may be hindering effective land reform.” The official opposition Democratic Alliance party (DA) opposed the motion, arguing that changes to Section 25 will undermine property rights and scare off potential investors. The DA’s Thandeka Mbabama told parliament that expropriation without compensation was a way to divert attention from the failure by successive ANC-led governments to get to grips with the issue. Corruption and lack of farmer training and capacity remain obstacles to land redistribution. “It is shocking that at the current rate it will take 35 years to finalise (land) restitution claims lodged before 1998,” said Mbabama, who is deputy shadow minister for rural development and land reform. In his first state of the nation address two weeks ago, Ramaphosa made a direct appeal to poorer black voters -- the core of the ANC’s electoral support base -- saying he would aim to speed up the transfer of land to black people as a general election looms in 2019. Ramaphosa said earlier on Tuesday he would pursue expropriation of land without compensation, but reiterated that this should be done in a way that increases agricultural production and improves food security. Among the main criticisms leveled at government’s land reform policy over the years has been that many farms transferred to emerging black farmers lay fallow and unproductive. Land expropriations would trigger legal challenges, said Ralph Mathekga, an independent political analyst. “This thing is going to court, make no mistake. The motion today means land has been elevated even higher as a political issue to code red from code amber,” he said. 
968549325876981760	2018-02-27 18:12:08	https://t.co/wVNIpwOiQO	Macedonia has four options to resolve name dispute with Greece: PM https://t.co/wVNIpwOiQO	 LONDON (Reuters) - Macedonia is looking at four options to settle a decades-long dispute with Greece over its name, Prime Minister Zoran Zaev told Reuters in an interview on Tuesday. The small ex-Yugoslav republic and its southern neighbor Greece have agreed to step up negotiations this year to resolve the dispute, which has frustrated Skopje’s ambition to join NATO and the European Union. Athens, which like all members of both organizations has a veto over admissions, objects to the use of the name Macedonia, arguing that it, along with articles in Skopje’s constitution, could imply territorial claims over a northern Greek region of the same name. Macedonia hopes the issue can be resolved in time for an EU meeting in June and a NATO summit in July, and is proposing a geographical ‘qualifier’ to ensure there is clear differentiation in the two names. “The suggestions are Republic of North Macedonia, Republic of Upper Macedonia, Republic of Vardar Macedonia and Republic of Macedonia (Skopje),” Zaev said in a television interview after attending a summit on the Western Balkans in London. Asked whether Greece would be happy with one of these options he added: “Yes ... They have more preferred options and some not so preferred options (in terms of the name).” He said the question that remained was whether there was “a real need” to change Macedonia’s constitution, something Greece had also asked for in recent months. Greece’s demand for an amendment of references to the ‘Republic of Macedonia’ in the national constitution could prove the toughest issue unless some room for maneuver can be found. The foreign ministers of the two countries are due to hold further talks and Zaev also plans to meet Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras in March. “Of course we hope we would find a solution (on the constitution). But we must take care about the dignity and identity of both sides because friends take care of each other,” he said. Several thousand people gathered in Skopje on Tuesday evening to protest against negotiations with Greece. They waved Macedonian flags and held banners reading “Stop Greek racism” and “Stop negotiations.” A Greek flag was set on fire during the protest. Asked what changes Greece wanted to the name in the constitution and what issues Skopje might have with that, Zaev used the examples of Germany and Greece which also have national variations of their names in their own constitutions. “We are prepared to do a change,” Zaev said, adding however that it would not be by very much “because it is very difficult”. “They (Greece) don’t have a region of the Republic of Macedonia, they are the Republic of Greece. And inside (our country) how we use it to communicate, from ministries to municipalities and other institutions, is really our right and doesn’t have implications for anybody.” Zaev later contacted Reuters through his spokesman to say that his position was that “a solution can be found without a change of the constitution of the Republic of Macedonia”. If an agreement between the two countries can finally be found, Macedonia will then hold a referendum to ask its population of around two million to back the change. “I think if we save dignity - that is the important thing - of course the citizens will support it. Why? Because it is that (on which) depends our integration in NATO and the European Union.” 
968549325801435136	2018-02-27 18:12:08	https://t.co/PesLKghg2i	EU's Barnier warns time running out for Brexit deal https://t.co/PesLKghg2i	 BRUSSELS (Reuters) - EU negotiator Michel Barnier accused the British government on Tuesday of clinging to“illusion” while time runs out for a Brexit deal to avoid massive disruption when Britain leaves the European Union next year. Speaking after briefing ministers from the other 27 EU states and ahead of publication on Wednesday of a first draft of a withdrawal treaty that officials say will cross many British red lines, Barnier returned to a familiar mantra that had become muted after an interim deal with London two months ago. “The clock is ticking. I am worried by the time, which is short,” he told reporters, referring to an October target for agreeing a treaty, including a transition period, in time for it to be ratified before Brexit in March 2019. With British politics still in turmoil over Brexit, a mammoth project rejected by nearly half the country in a 2016 referendum, there has been a sharpening of tone on both sides. British officials accuse Brussels of eschewing creative solutions to avoid trade disruption, while EU leaders complain that Prime Minister Theresa May’s divided government is failing to make its intentions clear. Asked about a comment by the EU summit chair last week that ideas for a future trade pact being floated ahead of a key May speech on Friday were“pure illusion”, Barnier said he agreed with Donald Tusk.“It is illusory to imagine we will accept cherry-picking,” he said of the idea that Britain could maintain EU regulations in some sectors, while diverging in others. Barnier also renewed his warning that a status quo for business for a couple of years after Brexit could not yet be taken for granted, given outstanding differences. And warning of a lack of progress in other areas of the talks, he said he was ready to meet his British counterpart David Davis urgently. Both sides had hoped an interim accord in December on how much Britain would pay Brussels and how expatriate citizens’ rights would be protected would lead to a quick agreement by next month on a transition period, during which Britain would remain bound by EU rules, giving businesses time to adjust. However, May has pushed back on some EU proposals, such as rights for EU citizens arriving to live in Britain during the transition and mechanisms to hold London to EU law, while London is also seeking some flexibility up-front in the EU’s proposal to complete its separation at the end of 2020. Barnier spoke of“significant points of disagreement” on the transition, and suggested Britain was trying to keep it open-ended. EU governments are keen that it does not become a long-term arrangement, though most are willing to consider extending it into 2021 if a future trade deal takes longer to take effect. May’s spokesman played down the differences. “During a negotiation you would not expect both sides to immediately agree on everything. What’s absolutely clear is that both the UK and the EU agree that an implementation period is beneficial and we’re working to reach agreement in March,” he said. Among controversial elements of the draft withdrawal treaty to be agreed by the executive European Commission on Wednesday are clauses on the enforcement of its terms for years to come by the EU court and on preventing“regulatory divergence” across the Irish border. British Brexit campaigners have already spoken out against what they expect the EU text to say. British officials stress that the text will reflect only an EU negotiating gambit in some cases, although other passages will translate into legal terms the agreements reached by both sides two months ago. Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson dismissed the EU’s plan to hold Britain to judgments in the European Court of Justice, though EU officials say they have yet to hear a clear alternative from London on how to settle disputes. British officials are also uneasy about the EU writing into the draft that London will maintain regulations in Northern Ireland to avoid diverging from EU rules in the Irish Republic and so avoid a“hard border” that could disrupt the peace. EU officials acknowledge that Britain has said there may be other ways to avoid border friction — but has yet to offer details. Brussels is awaiting May’s proposals for a future trade relationship on Friday. EU leaders plan to approve a negotiating mandate for Barnier on those trade talks when they next meet in Brussels on March 22-23. The aim would be to agree a broad“political declaration” on the future to accompany the withdrawal treaty and to have a trade pact ready for 2021. May has ruled out remaining in the EU single market or customs union. Her Labour opponent Jeremy Corbyn outlined a plan on Monday to stay in a customs union, opening up a gap between the two big parties on Brexit that raised questions on whether May can pass her Brexit legislation, given her narrow majority. May’s trade minister, Brexit campaigner Liam Fox, dismissed the Labour proposal as a“sell-out” as it would bind Britain to many EU rules while preventing it striking its own trade deals. Adding to doubts about how Britain will implement Brexit, the Scottish government confirmed plans for its own legislation on the withdrawal, a plan to be emulated in Wales. 
968545263492222976	2018-02-27 17:56:00	https://t.co/XCDRfRmq2Q	Romanian judicial watchdog rejects bid to dismiss anti-graft chief https://t.co/XCDRfRmq2Q	 BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Romania’s judicial watchdog rejected on Tuesday an application by the justice minister to sack the country’s main anti-corruption prosecutor, bolstering her case days after protesters massed in the streets to support her work. Justice Minister Tudorel Toader had called for Laura Codruta Kovesi’s dismissal on Thursday, accusing her of exceeding her authority and damaging the country’s image abroad. The Superior Magistrates’ Council (CSM), which must discuss any such dismissal, voted against the application on Tuesday and said it would explain its decision later. The final decision on Kovesi’s future now goes to centrist President Klaus Iohannis, who has said he supports her. She has led anti-corruption prosecution agency DNA since 2013 and, under her management, conviction rates have risen sharply in one of the European Union’s most corrupt states, winning praise from Brussels, which has Romania’s justice system under special monitoring. More than 1,000 magistrates have signed a petition saying Toader’s request threatened judicial independence and would put pressure on prosecutors, leaving them facing the constant threat of being removed from office. The minister had drawn up a 20-point report calling for Kovesi’s dismissal and told reporters last week she was responsible for“acts and facts intolerable to the rule of law”. On Tuesday, the minister told the council the debate over DNA’s management would continue,“regardless of what the CSM decides, of what the president decides, of what the Constitutional Court decides, if it is involved.” Kovesi told the watchdog during the same hearing the minister’s accusations were groundless. She defended her agency’s work.“Through its actions, DNA has proved that the fight against corruption is efficient in Romania, which has improved the country’s image.” Prosecutors have investigated lawmakers, ministers, mayors, magistrates and businessmen in recent years, exposing conflicts of interest, abuse of power, fraud and the award of state contracts in exchange for bribes. DNA, which will present its annual report on Wednesday, has sent more than 70 members of parliament to trial since 2006. The speakers of parliament’s lower house and senate are both currently on trial in separate cases. The country’s ruling Social Democrats tried a year ago to decriminalize several corruption offences by emergency decree, triggering the largest street protests in decades. 
968541262596001793	2018-02-27 17:40:06	https://t.co/xi56Beah4K	Comcast CEO hails cab driver's influence in bid for Sky 'jewel' https://t.co/xi56Beah4K https://t.co/7f13QIZHoU	 LONDON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Comcast Corp (CMCSA.O) would become the world’s largest pay-TV operator if CEO Brian Roberts’ $31-billion bid for Sky Plc (SKYB.L) succeeds, more than doubling its subscribers and expanding its international presence as growth slows in its core U.S. market. Little known in Europe, Philadelphia-based Comcast is the biggest U.S. cable operator, owning broadcasters NBC, CNBC and MSNBC. It also owns movie studio Universal Pictures, home to“Minions” and“Jason Bourne” movies and some theme parks. A deal with Sky would help diversify its revenue as more U.S. customers cancel their cable packages in favor of cheaper streaming options from companies like Netflix Inc (NFLX.O) and Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O). Comcast lost 33,000 video customers last quarter alone.. Comcast would immediately become the world’s largest pay-TV operator with 52 million“customer relationships,” if the deal went ahead, according to Macquarie analysts, adding Sky’s 23 million subscribers to its own customer base. That would almost double the company’s reach and give it cross-border presence in Britain, Germany and Italy as well as the United States. The figure of 52 million is still dwarfed by Netflix’s 118 million worldwide subscribers. If the deal went ahead, international revenue would make up 25 percent of Comcast’s total, up from 9 percent currently, according to the company. A key gain for Comcast would be Sky’s success earlier this month in winning the rights to show Premier League soccer matches for a fee well below analyst expectations, likely a boost to future earnings. Comcast offered 12.50 pounds in cash per Sky share on Tuesday, well above the 10.75 pounds Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOXA.O) - run by Roberts’ rival Rupert Murdoch - had agreed to pay for the British company. That complicates Walt Disney Co’s (DIS.N) $52-billion deal to buy a range of Fox assets, including Sky, which was based on the assumption that Fox would complete its purchase. Investors and analysts met Comcast’s offer for Europe’s biggest pay-TV broadcaster with some skepticism, sending Comcast shares down 6 percent on Tuesday. Disney shares were also down 3.7 percent. Sky shares jumped 20 percent. A Sky deal would provide additional channels for Comcast-owned content in Europe but also tie it further to satellite distribution, a technology growing obsolete in the United States, said Craig Moffett, an analyst at MoffettNathanson. The all-cash deal would likely limit Comcast’s share buybacks, said Hank Smith, co-chief investment officer at Haverford Trust Co, which owns 3.35 million Comcast shares. “There was a fair amount of hedge fund ownership that was expecting accelerated buybacks,” said Smith, addressing Comcast’s share drop on Tuesday.“If that was your thesis for owning Comcast that’s going to be on hold for now. There’s also concern that this becomes a bidding war.” Such a bidding war could mean that if Disney wants to block Comcast and own all of Sky, it would have to pay more than 14 pounds a share, according to a note on Tuesday by London-based Square Global Markets. Roberts, 58, took over as head of Comcast from his father, Ralph, who founded the company in 1963. The younger Roberts became Comcast’s president in 1990 and CEO in 2002, having spent his whole career at the company. Any deal would raise Roberts’ profile as one of the most powerful media leaders. He brokered the 2001 deal with AT&T Broadband that turned the cable company into a national player. He led Comcast’s failed effort to buy Disney for $54 billion in 2004. His $37-billion deal in 2009 to combine General Electric Co’s (GE.N) NBCUniversal business and Comcast’s cable networks put him in charge of more than 20 million subscribers of video, internet and voice services, the broadcast network known for“Friends” and“Seinfeld,” plus theme parks and the film studio. When Roberts was weighing an offer for Sky, a trip to see Sky’s products in store, and the knowledge of the London taxi driver that took him there, helped to make up his mind. “The cab driver was incredibly knowledgeable about the difference between Virgin and Sky in every feature,” Roberts told reporters on Tuesday.“We were learning a lot there. Then when we went to the Sky store, we spent at least an hour going through every feature and comparing it to our own... We were really terribly impressed.” Liberty Global-owned (LBTYA.O) Virgin Media is a British rival to Sky. The CEO said the visit was one of a number of things that confirmed his company should try to acquire Sky. “Seeing it again, and listening to the passion of the sales and looking at the product... all those things combined to reinforce what a number of us have known for years - that this is a jewel,” said Roberts.“Frankly there’s nothing as great in the United States.” 
968539118010552320	2018-02-27 17:31:34	https://t.co/aMvhtsQXh9	Poland postpones debate on commemorating Poles who saved Jews https://t.co/aMvhtsQXh9	 WARSAW (Reuters) - The Polish parliament delayed a debate on Tuesday on whether to designate a day to remember Poles who saved Jews during World War Two, with the opposition saying it was bad timing as the country faces international pressure over a new Holocaust law. The law, which imposes jail sentences of up to three years for suggesting Poland was complicit in Nazi German crimes, has drawn harsh criticism from Israel and the United States. The ruling right-wing ruling Law and Justice Party (PiS) says the law is necessary to protect national honor. Marek Kuchcinski, speaker of the lower house of parliament, said he would discuss with President Andrzej Duda, who initiated the Remembrance Day proposal in October, the possibility of delaying the debate following the opposition’s calls. “The timing is unfortunate, it would be better to wait until the situation with Israel calms down,” said Rafal Grupinski, a lawmaker from the centrist main opposition Civic Platform (PO). Israel and the United States say the Holocaust law could criminalize truthful scholarship on the role some Poles played in German crimes. Opponents accuse PiS of politicizing World War Two to build a nationalist sense of grievance among Poles. The World Jewish Congress published a full-page letter on Monday in The New York Times urging Polish readers to reconciliation amid the“firestorm of ill-will” caused by the Polish law. More than 90 percent of the 3.2 million Jews who lived in pre-war Poland were murdered by the Nazis during their occupation of the country, accounting for about half of all Jews killed in the Holocaust. Jews from other parts of Europe were sent to be murdered at death camps such as Auschwitz and Treblinka, built and operated by the Germans in Poland. The Nazis also killed 1.9 million non-Jewish Polish citizens, although there was never a plan to exterminate all of them, as there was with Jews. Tadeusz Jakubowicz, president of the Jewish Community of Krakow who was born in 1939 and who survived the war partly thanks to being hid by a Polish family, said he was not against the idea of a Remembrance Day. “Why not? After all, those people during the occupation saved me, I went through it myself, I don’t know if only I had the luck to come across such wonderful people,” Jakubowicz said after a meeting with Duda on Tuesday. Polish officials have been on a diplomatic offensive to try to mend ties with Israel and Poland’s NATO ally the United States, but the government has not said the Holocaust law will be changed. “My heart breaks when I hear some say that in Poland we want to rewrite history,” Duda said in Krakow where he met with the local Jewish community.“We do not want to write a new history, we just want the historical truth to be defended.” Should PiS decide to debate the proposal and vote on it this week, the measure would most probably pass as the party has a parliamentary majority. Beata Mazurek, spokeswoman for PiS, said the party did not want the debate postponed. 
968538782671736833	2018-02-27 17:30:15	https://t.co/0VrATHalBy	EU to act if U.S. introduces steel tariffs, Germany warns https://t.co/0VrATHalBy https://t.co/wCNJGXhSxm	 BERLIN (Reuters) - European Union trade ministers agreed at a meeting on Tuesday that they would respond with counter-measures if the United States brings in import tariffs on steel and aluminum, German deputy economy minister Matthias Machnig said. He said the introduction of tariffs, which has been floated by U.S. President Donald Trump, was incompatible with World Trade Organization (WTO) rules and unjustifiable on national security grounds. “I said we are preparing all options,” Machnig told reporters on a conference call, adding that there was unanimous agreement that the European Commission and member countries“need to take appropriate precautions”. But he said they did not know yet whether Trump would really follow the suggestion of U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross and impose customs or quotas on imports. The U.S. Commerce Department has recommended that Trump impose steep curbs on steel and aluminum imports from China and other countries, ranging from global and country-specific tariffs to broad import quotas. Trump has until April to make a decision. Trump said on Monday he wants to bring the steel industry back to America even if it means applying tariffs to imports from other countries, but the White House said he has not made a final decision on the issue. Machnig said the Europeans thought the idea that such import restrictions could be justified by to risks to national security was“absurd”. But he said there was no detailed discussion about how the Europeans would respond if Trump decides to restrict imports of steel and aluminum. The European countries were not as unified on what to do to protect companies against foreign takeovers made via so-called third-country investors from the outside the EU. Machnig said big European countries like Germany, France, Italy, Spain and several more backed the European Commission’s suggestions on that but there was a second group of countries that still needed to discuss this. In September European Commission chief Jean-Claude Juncker proposed limiting China’s ability to buy up European companies in infrastructure, hi-tech manufacturing and energy. Machnig said it was important that the EU countries did not compete with each other for foreign investors on this issue. He said the plan remained to decide on appropriate protective measures by 2018. On Monday, after Chinese automaker Geely’s purchase of a stake in Daimler, German Economy Minister Brigitte Zypries was quoted as saying Germany must be careful that its economic openness is not exploited as a gateway for other countries’ interests. Other issues discussed at the EU trade ministers’ meeting in Sofia were agreeing on a free trade agreement with the South American Mercosur countries as quickly as possible, as well as with Mexico, and strengthening the WTO. 
968537297351249920	2018-02-27 17:24:20	https://t.co/W5E6QHudwj	Venezuela says U.S. sanctions hampering debt renegotiation https://t.co/W5E6QHudwj	 GENEVA (Reuters) - Venezuela’s foreign minister said on Tuesday that U.S. sanctions against the ailing oil nation are making foreign debt renegotiation more difficult and causing “panic” at global banks. Venezuela is undergoing a major economic crisis, with millions suffering food and medicine shortages, and President Nicolas Maduro’s socialist government is late in paying interest of some $1.9 billion on its debt. The U.S. government imposed financial sanctions on Venezuela in August, prohibiting dealing in new debt from the Venezuelan government or state oil company PDVSA, in an effort to halt financing that Washington said fuels a “dictatorship.” Venezuela has repeatedly said Washington is trying to force a default. “The renegotiation of external debt is underway, but it has been made more difficult by U.S. sanctions,” foreign minister Jorge Arreaza told reporters in Geneva. “It’s incredible how global banks have reacted with panic. If a bank somewhere in the world works with Venezuela, they feel they are going to be sanctioned.” According to Arreaza, global banks have opted to close accounts belonging to the government, business people and embassies. He added that some U.S. companies were unable to pay for Venezuelan oil. Earlier this month, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson raised the specter of sanctions on Venezuela’s oil industry. The OPEC nation obtains some 95 percent of its export revenue from oil, though production is down significantly in recent months. “If the international financial system blocks Venezuela, we are working with Russia, China and Turkey to find new mechanisms,” said Arreaza. 
968530800655335424	2018-02-27 16:58:31	https://t.co/GhZHFtzrrm	Egypt calls for BBC boycott amid dispute over critical report https://t.co/GhZHFtzrrm	 CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt’s government press center called on Tuesday for Egyptian officials and prominent individuals to boycott the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) after a report on human rights it said was “flagrantly fraught with lies”. The BBC last week published a short documentary and report highlighting what it said were cases of enforced disappearances and torture carried out by security forces since President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi came to power in 2014. The report came weeks before Sisi is to stand for re-election virtually unopposed after opponents halted their campaigns and a top challenger was jailed. The BBC report stirred controversy after a young woman it described as having been disappeared by security forces was interviewed on Monday on a nightly talk show and denied the claim. A spokesperson for the BBC said: “We are aware of the reports about this BBC story on Egyptian TV and of the comments of the head of the State Information Service. We stand by the integrity of our reporting teams.” Reuters was not able to independently verify the woman’s account. After the woman’s talk show appearance, Egypt’s State Information Service (SIS), which runs its foreign press center, called on “all Egyptian officials and sectors of the Egyptian elite wishing to do so, to boycott conducting media interviews and meetings with BBC correspondents and editors until the BBC issues a formal apology.” SIS also asked that the BBC publish a statement it had prepared “refuting the professional errors and violations as well as the allegations on the situation in Egypt.” Rights groups say there is a growing crackdown against political opponents ahead of the election, while Egypt has banned scores of local news websites since May. Earlier this month, a high-profile politician and former presidential candidate was arrested after he gave an interview critical of Sisi to Al Jazeera, a Qatar-based channel banned in Egypt.
968529494830174212	2018-02-27 16:53:20	https://t.co/ZuziO7nsMW	Exclusive: North Korean leaders used Brazilian passports to apply for Western visas - sources https://t.co/ZuziO7nsMW	 LONDON (Reuters) - North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and his late father Kim Jong Il used fraudulently obtained Brazilian passports to apply for visas to visit Western countries in the 1990s, five senior Western European security sources told Reuters. While North Korea’s ruling family is known to have used travel documents obtained under false pretences, there are few specific examples. The photocopies of the Brazilian passports seen by Reuters have not been published before. “They used these Brazilian passports, which clearly show the photographs of Kim Jong Un and Kim Jong Il, to attempt to obtain visas from foreign embassies,” one senior Western security source said on condition of anonymity. “This shows the desire for travel and points to the ruling family’s attempts to build a possible escape route,” the security source said. The North Korean embassy in Brazil declined to comment. Brazil’s foreign ministry said it was investigating. A Brazilian source, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the two passports in question were legitimate documents when sent out as blanks for consulates to issue. Four other senior Western European security sources confirmed that the two Brazilian passports with photos of the Kims in the names of Josef Pwag and Ijong Tchoi were used to apply for visas in at least two Western countries. It was unclear whether any visas were issued. The passports may also have been used to travel to Brazil, Japan and Hong Kong, the security sources said. Japanese newspaper Yomiuri Shimbun reported in 2011 that Jong Un visited Tokyo as a child using a Brazilian passport in 1991 - before the issue date on the two Brazilian passports. Both 10-year passports carry a stamp saying“Embassy of Brazil in Prague” with a Feb. 26, 1996, issue date. The security sources said facial recognition technology confirmed the photographs were those of Kim Jong Un and his father. The passport with Jong Un’s photo was issued in the name of Josef Pwag with a date of birth of Feb. 1, 1983. So little is known about Jong Un that even his birth date is disputed. He would have been 12 to 14 years old when the Brazilian passport was issued. Jong Un is known to have been educated at an international school in Berne, Switzerland, where he pretended to be the son of an embassy chauffeur. Jong Il’s passport was issued in the name Ijong Tchoi with a birth date of April 4, 1940. Jong Il died in 2011. His true birth date was in 1941. Both passports list the holders’ birthplaces as Sao Paulo, Brazil. The first security source declined to describe how the passport copies had been obtained, citing secrecy rules. Reuters has only seen photocopies of the passports so was unable to discern if they had been tampered with. 
968529235693490177	2018-02-27 16:52:18	https://t.co/63aXCR2mQy	Google not obligated to vet websites, German court rules https://t.co/63aXCR2mQy https://t.co/SOL7pgkDyl	 FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Google (GOOGL.O) is not obligated to ensure websites are free from defamatory content before displaying links to them in search results, Germany’s highest court ruled on Tuesday. The case, which comes in the context of debate about the so-called“right to be forgotten”, had been brought by two individuals seeking Google to prevent its search engine from displaying links to websites on which they were verbally attacked by other internet users. They wanted Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc, to set up search filters to keep those websites from appearing in future search results, information about the users who had posted the offending comments and payment of damages, saying Google was partly responsible for the violation of their rights. The German Federal Court of Justice said, however, that a search engine operator need only take action if it is notified of a clearly recognizable violation of individuals’ rights, rather than checking ahead of time whether the content complies with the rules. “Instituting a general duty to inspect the content would seriously call into question the business model of search engines, which is approved by lawmakers and wanted by society,” the court said in a statement. “Without the help of such search engines it would be impossible for individuals to get meaningful use out of the internet due to the unmanageable flood of data it contains,” it added. In May 2014, the Court of Justice of the European Union (ECJ) ruled that people could ask search engines, such as Google and Microsoft’s Bing (MSFT.O), to remove inadequate or irrelevant information from web results appearing under searches for people’s names - dubbed the“right to be forgotten”. Google has since received requests for the removal of more than 2.4 million website links and accepted about 43 percent of them, according to its transparency report. 
968527422491693056	2018-02-27 16:45:06	https://t.co/GFrnJc1omX	Canada says gravely concerned by Myanmar's jailing of journalists https://t.co/GFrnJc1omX https://t.co/otiHjGaJIP	 GENEVA (Reuters) - Canada is gravely concerned by the imprisonment of two Reuters journalists in Myanmar, Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland told the U.N. Human Rights Council on Tuesday, adding that ethnic cleansing had taken place in Myanmar’s Rakhine state. “For true democracy to flourish, fundamental freedoms such as freedom of the press must be respected. That is why Canada is gravely concerned by the imprisonment of two Reuters journalists who dared to report on the crimes in Rakhine state,” she said. Freeland, a former editor of Thomson Reuters Digital, was speaking at a meeting of the U.N. council in Geneva. Reuters journalists Wa Lone, 31, and Kyaw Soe Oo, 27, were detained on Dec. 12 over allegations they violated Myanmar’s colonial-era Official Secrets Act. Court proceedings are under way to decide whether the pair will face charges under the act, with the next hearing scheduled for Wednesday. The two reporters had been working on a Reuters investigation into the killing of 10 Rohingya Muslim men who were buried in a mass grave in northern Rakhine state after being hacked to death or shot by ethnic Rakhine Buddhist villagers and soldiers. After Reuters published its report on the killings on Feb. 8, calls have mounted for the release of the two reporters. Nearly 700,000 Rohingya have fled Rakhine state since Myanmar’s military launched a crackdown in late August in response to militant attacks. Myanmar has denied that ethnic cleansing has taken place, and said its troops were engaged in legitimate counterinsurgency operations. With reference to the Reuters journalists, Hau Do Suan, Myanmar’s ambassador to the United Nations, said this month that Myanmar recognized freedom of the press and the journalists were not arrested for reporting a story, but were accused of“illegally possessing confidential government documents.” 
968525425541566466	2018-02-27 16:37:10	https://t.co/eUzfkEzBJq	Canada gravely concerned by Myanmar's jailing of journalists https://t.co/eUzfkEzBJq	 GENEVA (Reuters) - Canada is gravely concerned by the imprisonment of two Reuters journalists in Myanmar, Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland told the U.N. Human Rights Council on Tuesday, adding that ethnic cleansing had taken place in Myanmar’s Rakhine state. “For true democracy to flourish, fundamental freedoms such as freedom of the press must be respected. That is why Canada is gravely concerned by the imprisonment of two Reuters journalists who dared to report on the crimes in Rakhine state,” she said. Freeland, a former editor of Thomson Reuters Digital, was speaking at a meeting of the U.N. council in Geneva. Reuters journalists Wa Lone, 31, and Kyaw Soe Oo, 27, were detained on Dec. 12 over allegations they violated Myanmar’s colonial-era Official Secrets Act. Court proceedings are under way to decide whether the pair will face charges under the act, with the next hearing scheduled for Wednesday. The two reporters had been working on a Reuters investigation into the killing of 10 Rohingya Muslim men who were buried in a mass grave in northern Rakhine state after being hacked to death or shot by ethnic Rakhine Buddhist villagers and soldiers. After Reuters published its report on the killings on Feb. 8, calls have mounted for the release of the two reporters. Nearly 700,000 Rohingya have fled Rakhine state since Myanmar’s military launched a crackdown in late August in response to militant attacks. Myanmar has denied that ethnic cleansing has taken place, and said its troops were engaged in legitimate counterinsurgency operations. With reference to the Reuters journalists, Hau Do Suan, Myanmar’s ambassador to the United Nations, said this month that Myanmar recognized freedom of the press and the journalists were not arrested for reporting a story, but were accused of“illegally possessing confidential government documents.” 
968523681369649153	2018-02-27 16:30:14	https://t.co/QejiVlcMa3	Comcast challenges Murdoch and Disney with $31 billion offer for Sky https://t.co/QejiVlcMa3 https://t.co/2mNXkVYeyC	 LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. cable giant Comcast Corp (CMCSA.O) has offered $31 billion for Sky Plc (SKYB.L), threatening a plan hatched by Rupert Murdoch’s Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOXA.O) and Walt Disney Co (DIS.N) to seize control of Europe’s biggest pay-TV group. The world’s biggest entertainment company and owner of NBC and Universal Pictures said on Tuesday it proposed to offer 12.50 pounds per share for Britain’s Sky, more than the 10.75 pounds that Murdoch’s Fox has agreed to pay for it. Bob Iger’s Disney has agreed to buy Sky from Fox, along with other assets, in a separate $52 billion follow-up deal. Comcast’s all-cash, unsolicited offer pits CEO Brian Roberts against Murdoch, the 86-year-old tycoon who helped to launch Sky and pioneered pay-TV in Britain. Iger is also a long-time rival after Comcast tried and failed to buy Disney in 2004. “Sky and Comcast are a perfect fit: we are both leaders in creating and distributing content,” Roberts said. Sky’s shares jumped more than 20 percent, closing at 13.31 pounds, indicating that investors expect a bidding war. Shares of Comcast, Fox and Disney fell. Comcast’s appearance in the already complex Sky drama could prompt Fox to make a higher offer or Disney to make its own direct bid for Sky. Fox remains committed to its cash offer announced in December, it said in a statement. Media owners have been forced into increasingly aggressive deals after online groups Netflix Inc (NFLX.O) and Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) prompted many customers to ditch subscriptions. Comcast bid $60 billion last year to clinch a deal with Fox, before losing out to Disney. Sky, which provides sports programming, films and broadband to 23 million homes across Britain, Ireland, Germany, Italy and Austria, urged its investors to take no action since the approach did not represent a firm offer. Murdoch’s Fox agreed to buy the 61 percent of Sky it did not already own in a cash deal in December 2016, but the takeover has been repeatedly held up by regulators over concerns the media tycoon wields too much influence in Britain. The shares had been trading above the asking price since Sky this month agreed to pay less than expected for Premier League soccer rights, likely boosting its future earnings and prompting investors to demand a higher offer. It also attracted the attention of U.S. hedge fund and activist investor Elliott Management Corp, which has built up a 2.5 percent stake in Sky in recent weeks. Hedge fund manager Crispin Odey, a former son-in-law of Murdoch who holds 1 percent of Sky, said he expected a counter offer and speculated whether Disney could make a direct bid for Sky to avoid Fox’s regulatory problems. “Once you’re in a bidding war, it’s not about fair value, it’s about what do you think it’s worth,” Odey added. Formed in 1990, Sky has built its business by offering leading content and technology. It snapped up Murdoch’s pay-TV groups across Europe in 2014 to offer a distribution platform that is now proving attractive to the big U.S. content owners. Comcast said it had not yet engaged with Sky over the proposal and its finance director, Michael Cavanagh, declined to comment on whether it could lead to a renewed bid for Fox. Comcast will have to gain the support of Sky’s independent directors if it does not make a hostile bid because its chairman is Murdoch’s son James, who is also CEO of Fox. Comcast’s Roberts, the son of Ralph who founded the company in 1963, called Sky’s Deputy Chairman Martin Gilbert on Tuesday morning to notify him just before the offer statement was released, and called Sky CEO Jeremy Darroch shortly afterwards. Sky’s independent directors are expected to meet in the coming days to discuss the offer and the company said they were mindful of their duties to investors. Comcast went public with the proposal to trigger the regulatory timetable because timing will be a key factor. A Comcast spokesman said it would ask regulators in Brussels to look at the deal where it expects to avoid a lengthy investigation. Britain’s media minister has said he will give his verdict on Fox’s bid for Sky by June 14, giving Comcast a narrow window to get any takeover approval done. “We would like to own the whole of Sky and we will be looking to acquire over 50 percent of the Sky shares,” Roberts said. Disney’s Iger declined to comment when asked about the Comcast offer during a trip to Paris. Murdoch had been edging towards a deal for Sky in recent weeks, eight years after he first tried to buy the company. Britain’s competition regulator said in January his planned takeover should be blocked unless a way was found to prevent the Australian-born power-broker from influencing Sky’s news operation. Critics, including many politicians, argue Murdoch wields too much influence through the Sun and Times newspapers, and in 2011 he closed the News of the World after its journalists admitted hacking phones to get scoops. Seeking to prove it would not influence Sky News in the future, Fox last week promised to maintain and fund a fully independent Sky-branded news service for 10 years. British Prime Minister Theresa May’s ministers have appeared wary of approving Murdoch’s bid, repeatedly asking the independent regulator to intervene, and Comcast could face a smoother ride. A spokesman for May said the deal was a commercial matter. Robey Warshaw, a small boutique firm which has worked on some of Britain’s biggest deals, Evercore (EVR.N) and Bank of America Merrill Lynch (BAC.N) are advising Comcast. 
968519881137238017	2018-02-27 16:15:08	https://t.co/HQA6r6uLNs	Saudi Crown Prince to visit Britain on March 7 - May's spokesman https://t.co/HQA6r6uLNs https://t.co/iNm4fa45Bt	 LONDON (Reuters) - Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman will begin a visit to Britain on March 7 which will include talks with Prime Minister Theresa May on topics such as extremism and societal reform, May’s spokesman said on Tuesday. “The visit will usher in a new era in bilateral relations focused on a partnership that delivers wide-ranging benefits for both the United Kingdom and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia,” the spokesman said. “The visit will also provide an opportunity to enhance our co-operation in tackling international challenges such as terrorism, extremism, the conflict and humanitarian crisis in Yemen and other regional issues such as Iraq and Syria.” May discussed the visit with her cabinet earlier on Tuesday, including the much anticipated stock market listing of state oil company Saudi Aramco - potentially the biggest listing in history and the subject of a high profile tug of war between Britain and the United States. “The fact that there is a potential listing of Saudi Aramco was discussed, but in no more terms than that,” the spokesman said. In a separate statement issued after the meeting with her cabinet, May said the crown prince’s visit - his first since his appointment in June 2017 - would allow Britain to talk“frankly and constructively” about areas of concern like Yemen and security in the Middle East. 
968518541313003520	2018-02-27 16:09:49	https://t.co/uppuYbDDAD	Less than half of German submarines and warplanes ready for use https://t.co/uppuYbDDAD	 BERLIN (Reuters) - Missing spare parts and quality defects at a time of increased operations mean less than half of Germany’s submarines, warplanes and some other key weapons are ready for use, according to a government report on Tuesday. The defense ministry delivered a 106-page report about the still“unsatisfactory readiness” of many key weapons systems to parliament on Monday, amid growing public outcry about the military’s failure to get a handle on the issue. It confirmed the gist of a parliamentary report released last week that cited big, persistent gaps in military personnel and equipment. The report said readiness was improving slowly, with 550 more weapons available in 2017 than in 2014. But more time and money were needed to recover from decades of spending cuts. “We will need significantly more funds in coming years so the Bundeswehr (armed forces) can accomplish the missions and assignments that parliament gives it,” Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen told the Passauer Neue Presse newspaper. If approved, a new governing coalition would add 10 billion euros to the military budget over the next four years. Germany sharply curtailed military spending after the end of the Cold War, but began boosting spending again after Russia’s annexation of the Crimea region of Ukraine in 2014. The new report cited“quality deficiencies” that occurred during maintenance for the“limited and clearly lower-than-expected” availability of the Airbus A400M military transport. Just three of 15 aircraft delivered by the end of the report period were ready for use on average in 2017. It said only 39 of 128 Eurofighter fighter jets, built by Airbus and other European arms makers, were available on average in 2017, largely due to long maintenance periods and“a shortage of a wide variety of replacement parts”. It said it had enough jets for air policing missions in the Baltic region and to participate in NATO missions, but the lack of aircraft constrained pilot training, a concern ahead of Germany’s leadership of a NATO rapid response force from 2019. The ministry said readiness rates were higher than average for the 13 overseas missions currently underway, albeit at the expense of“basic operations”, and Germany could still meet its obligations to NATO. But it said it need to end the deployment of its NH-90 helicopters and Tiger helicopters as part of a U.N. peacekeeping mission in Mali from mid-2018 because the sustainability of the aircraft was in danger. The ministry said it would need intense coordination efforts to ensure sufficient Leopard 2 tanks for their continued deployment in Lithuania under NATO’s Enhanced Forward Presence initiative, and for Germany’s rotational leadership of the Very High Readiness Joint Task Force (VJTF) in eastern Europe. 
968513426451582976	2018-02-27 15:49:29	https://t.co/syJdMdHIXj	Vatican investigator in Chile hears more sex abuse complaints https://t.co/syJdMdHIXj	 SANTIAGO (Reuters) - Archbishop Charles Scicluna, who is in Chile investigating accusations that a bishop had covered up the sexual abuse of minors, heard more complaints of sex abuse on Tuesday that could spur fresh Vatican investigations. Scicluna, the Vatican’s most experienced sex abuse investigator, arrived in Santiago more than a week ago to hear complaints that Bishop Juan Barros had hidden information about the abuse of minors by his mentor, Father Fernando Karadima. Barros, appointed by Pope Francis to the southern diocese of Osorno in 2015, has said he was unaware of any wrongdoing by Karadima. Scicluna has broadened the scope of his meetings as more victims of sex abuse have come forward, some of whom have alleged they were abused by members of the Marist Brothers Congregation in Chile who asked to meet with him last week. “We want a special Vatican commission to be created, which analyzes, studies, investigates and sanctions all the actions committed by Marists,” Isaac Givovich, a spokesman for a group of former students and victims of abuse, told reporters on his way into a meeting with Scicluna. The Alumni of the Alonso de Ercilla Institute denounced the alleged abuses committed by the Marists in Chile and issued statements in a recent canonical investigation, but they say that process lacked transparency and want to ensure Marists are not involved in any new investigation. Victims who allege sexual abuse committed by members of the Salesian congregation in Chile said they will also hold a meeting with Scicluna. Scicluna, who is archbishop of Malta, is scheduled to leave Santiago on Thursday. 
968512516052733952	2018-02-27 15:45:52	https://t.co/BEf0FUdhvY	Walmart to launch new private label clothing brands https://t.co/BEf0FUdhvY https://t.co/3OZHrQRzST	 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Walmart Inc (WMT.N) will launch four private label clothing brands as part of a push to make deeper inroads into the apparel space and compete against rival Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O), which is rapidly gaining market share in the category. Walmart has been acquiring small online brands like Shoebuy, Modcloth and Bonobos over the past year to boost growth in the clothing and accessories business, where consumers are increasingly shopping online. In November, the retailer tied up with department store operator Lord & Taylor by offering it dedicated space on Walmart’s website. The new private brands, which are owned by the retailer, will be available in Walmart stores and online starting March 1, the company said on Tuesday. The launch comes at a time when younger consumers are showing signs of being more receptive to Amazon’s apparel offerings than its rivals, according to analysts. A new survey of 1,699 shoppers by Coresight Research showed Amazon’s apparel category has sharply gained in popularity, with footwear and casual clothing proving to be the online retailer’s most popular categories and ease of browsing its biggest draw. Walmart, which is still the largest clothing retailer in the United States, is upgrading the apparel section in its stores with improved displays, open floor plans and better fitting rooms, it said. Walmart’s brands, priced from less than $5 to $30, include women’s apparel brand Time and Tru, plus-sized women’s clothing line Terra & Sky, kids apparel under Wonder Nation and men’s clothing under the name George. 
968510390505213954	2018-02-27 15:37:25	https://t.co/bhzOaYPJaW	Pregnant UK duchess Kate meets midwife who helped deliver baby Charlotte https://t.co/bhzOaYPJaW	 LONDON (Reuters) - Kate, Britain’s Duchess of Cambridge, met the midwife who helped deliver her daughter when the heavily pregnant royal visited London’s Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists (RCOG) on Tuesday to become the charity’s patron. Kate, 36, the wife of Queen Elizabeth’s grandson Prince William, hugged Professor Jacqueline Dunkley-Bent after spotting her during the trip to the RCOG. Midwife Dunkley-Bent was part of the team which delivered Kate’s daughter Charlotte in 2015 at the private Lindo wing of St Mary’s Hospital in London where son George was also born two years earlier. “It’s so great to see Jacqui as well,” the duchess told the RCOG President Lesley Regan at the end of her visit to the charity, which was founded in 1929 and works to ensure high quality women’s healthcare in Britain and abroad. Kate is due to give birth to her third child in April. Later, she visited London’s St Thomas’ Hospital to launch the Nursing Now campaign, a three-year project aimed at raising the profile and status of nursing worldwide in collaboration with the International Council of Nurses and the World Health Organisation (WHO). 
968508601684971520	2018-02-27 15:30:19	https://t.co/YSPACGMhMP	Macy's shares surge on comparable sales growth, 2018 outlook https://t.co/YSPACGMhMP https://t.co/SiXIG3d95c	 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Macy’s Inc (M.N) on Tuesday said sales at established stores could mark their first annual gain in four years, pinning its hopes on a new loyalty program, more off-price selling and private-label brands. The biggest U.S. department store chain also beat analysts’ estimates for quarterly profit and comparable sales growth on the back of a broadly strong U.S. holiday season. Whiles the results and outlook sent shares 5 percent higher, they also come as the wider retail industry stands to gain from higher consumer confidence and a boost to spending from U.S. tax cuts, potentially making Macy’s call for flat to 1 percent established store growth in fiscal 2018 seem less impressive. And Macy’s multi-faceted approach to stem its sales slide may not provide a comprehensive long-term solution, some cautioned. Macy’s, which has existed in some form for more than 150 years, is struggling to right itself while revamping marketing and merchandising, squeezing money from real estate assets and growing its Backstage brand launched in 2015 that competes with TJ Maxx owner TJX Cos Inc (TJX.N). “I call it the scattergun approach: they’re doing a lot of different things, but there doesn’t seem to be a coherent or clear focus to bring many of these things together,” said Neil Saunders, managing director of retail research firm Global Data. The retailer has been emblematic of the decline of brick-and-mortar in the face of competition from Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O), closing more than 100 stores since 2015 and slashing thousands of jobs as mall traffic plummeted and customers defected to off-price and fast-fashion sellers. But sales at stores open more than 12 months, including in departments licensed to third parties, rose 1.4 percent in the quarter ended Feb. 3. That marked the first rise for the measure in 12 quarters and beat the average analyst estimate of a 0.31 percent increase, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Still, previously reported comparable sales growth in November and December lagged rivals’, suggesting Macy’s lost market share during the key shopping months. Macy’s is the first major retailer to report full holiday-quarter results. Chief Executive Jeff Gennette said on a call to discuss the earnings that Macy’s plans to add 100 Backstage stores in 2018, including in some premium mall locations. The company has said putting Backstage stores in existing locations can lure foot traffic, and the“treasure hunting” of off-price shopping is hard to replicate online. Comparable sales fell 2.2 percent in fiscal 2017 on an owned basis and 1.9 percent on an owned-plus-licensed basis. Gross margin, which measures how much the company makes on each dollar of sales, slipped slightly in the quarter. But it was a smaller fall than the company had guided for, with Chief Financial Officer Karen Hoguet on Tuesday crediting a stronger merchandise margin thanks to inventory controls. Shares in Macy’s jumped as much as 13 percent and were last up 4.8 percent at $28.77. Rival JC Penney Co Inc (JCP.N) also surged early but pared gains to trade up 1.8 percent. Macy’s also operates the Bloomingdale’s and Bloomingdale’s outlet brands and the Bluemercury beauty and spa stores it bought in 2015. Macy’s has worked to generate cash by renting or selling its real estate, even considering unloading floors at its storied Herald Square flagship in New York. Macy’s partnered with Brookfield Asset Management in 2016 to let the real estate developer come up with plans to redevelop 50 properties. On Tuesday, Macy’s said agreements have been reached for nine assets which, if sold, would be worth about $50 million. It also said it inked a deal to sell the top floors of its State Street store in Chicago for $30 million and is exploring selling a chunk of its Union Square building in San Francisco. Macy’s adjusted earnings per share were $2.82 for the quarter, excluding restructuring and U.S. tax overhaul impacts, beating the average analyst estimate of $2.71. Revenue rose 1.8 percent to $8.67 billion, in line with estimates. Before Tuesday, Macy’s shares were up more than 50 percent since November, but are well below a mid-2015 peak of more than $73. 
968506521544986624	2018-02-27 15:22:03	https://t.co/fVtj0WLRxK	Nine people killed in car accident in Russia: Ifax https://t.co/fVtj0WLRxK	 MOSCOW (Reuters) - Nine people were killed when a minibus collided with a truck in Russia’s Bashkiria region, Interfax news agency reported on Tuesday, citing a police official. “We have information about nine dead,” the official said, according to the agency. 
968504420014149632	2018-02-27 15:13:42	https://t.co/svrB9clliw	German far right wins court case against cabinet minister's barb https://t.co/svrB9clliw	 BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany’s highest court ruled on Tuesday that a former cabinet minister had breached neutrality rules that apply to government members when she accused members of the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) of promoting radicalization. The ruling underscores the challenges facing politicians trying to take on the AfD, which won nearly 13 percent in a Sept. 24 election at the expense of Chancellor Angela Merkel’s conservatives and the center-left Social Democrats (SPD). In 2015, at the height of a large influx of Muslim migrants, Johanna Wanka, then education minister, responded to an AfD slogan at a Berlin protest rally that read:“Red card for Merkel - asylum needs borders.” Wanka issued a statement on the ministry’s website saying the red card should be shown to the AfD, not Merkel, adding: “Bjoern Hoecke and other party spokespeople are contributing to social radicalization. Right-wing extremists who openly incite hatred and violence, like the head of (anti-Islam grassroots movement) PEGIDA boss Lutz Bachmann, thus receive intolerable support.” Hoecke, a senior member of the AfD, has described the Holocaust memorial in Berlin as a“monument of shame” and wants German history books on the Nazi era to be rewritten. The Constitutional Court said on Tuesday that Wanka had“violated the AfD’s right to equal opportunities of political parties” as her remarks may have negatively affected voters’ view of the party. While the government is allowed to explain its actions in response to criticism, it said, state organs are not allowed to react to“unobjective and defamatory attacks” in the same way. AfD leaders welcomed the decision, saying it was a clear signal to the government not to misuse taxpayers’ money for“political agitation against the opposition”. “Thank goodness there are judges in Karlsruhe,” said AfD leader Alexander Gauland, referring to the southwestern city where the court is based. Since the election, the AfD - originally set up in 2013 as an anti-euro party but which has morphed into a nationalist party opposed to immigration - has gained in polls. An INSA poll on Tuesday put the AfD on 16 percent, just ahead of the SPD. The main parties are trying to counter the AfD’s positions with facts and arguments, but checks and balances embedded in Germany’s political system since World War Two mean they have to respect the AfD’s legitimacy in parliament. The AfD will become the main opposition party if SPD rank-and-file members, voting in a postal ballot, endorse a new coalition government between their party and Merkel’s conservatives. The mainstream parties have always said they would not enter a coalition with the AfD. On Tuesday the conservative bloc agreed unanimously not to work on or to submit motions together with the AfD during this legislative period. The AfD will be entitled to head some parliamentary committees, including the powerful budget committee. 
968500774614568960	2018-02-27 14:59:13	https://t.co/oN9vbL25hb	Russian truce plan fails to halt bombing of Syria's Ghouta https://t.co/oN9vbL25hb	 BEIRUT/GENEVA (Reuters) - A Russian call for a five-hour truce on Tuesday failed to halt one of the most devastating campaigns of the Syrian war, where residents said government warplanes resumed striking the eastern Ghouta region after a brief lull. Diplomatic sources meanwhile said the chemical weapons watchdog, the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, opened an investigation into attacks in eastern Ghouta to determine whether banned munitions were used. Political leaders in France, the United States and Britain said this month they would back targeted military action against Damascus if there were proof chemical weapons had been used by forces under President Bashar al-Assad, Russia’s ally. Moscow and Damascus blamed rebels for the collapse of the truce, saying fighters had shelled a safe route intended for civilians to leave the enclave. The insurgents denied such shelling, and a senior U.S. general accused Moscow acting as“both arsonist and firefighter” by failing to rein in Assad. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said Moscow would press on with a plan to stage similar daily pauses in the fighting, allowing aid to be delivered to eastern Ghouta through what Russia describes as a humanitarian corridor. But the United Nations said it was proving impossible to aid civilians or evacuate wounded, and said all sides must instead abide by a 30-day truce sought by the U.N. Security Council. “We have reports this morning there is continuous fighting in eastern Ghouta,” U.N. humanitarian spokesman Jens Laerke said.“Clearly the situation on the ground is not such that convoys can go in or medical evacuations can go out.” Hundreds of people have died during 10 days of government bombardment of the eastern Ghouta, an area of towns and farms on the outskirts of Damascus. The assault has been among the most devastating air campaigns of a war now entering its eighth year. The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) said it was ready to access eastern Ghouta to deliver life-saving aid, but the proposed five-hour pause was too short. Without mentioning Russia, the author of the proposal, ICRC Middle East director Robert Mardini said humanitarian corridors had to be well-planned and agreed to by all warring sides, while people should be allowed to leave of their own free will. With its Ghouta offensive, the Syrian government is drawing on the military methods it has used to crush its opponents in other parts of Syria, including eastern Aleppo in late 2016. Intensifying bombardment of the besieged area has been coupled with probing ground assaults to test rebel defenses. With no sign of decisive international pressure to stop the attack, eastern Ghouta seems likely to meet the same fate as other areas won back by the government, where humanitarian corridors eventually became escape routes for defeated rebels. “A concrete humanitarian corridor has been set up that will be used to deliver humanitarian aid, and, in the other direction, a medical evacuation can take place and all civilians who want to leave can,” Lavrov told a joint news conference in Moscow after meeting French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian. But the local branch of the opposition Syrian Interim Government’s Ministry of Health dismissed Russia’s truce call as a ploy to circumvent the U.N. month-long ceasefire resolution. The call in effect offered residents a choice between“death under bombardment” or a forced displacement, it said, calling on the United Nations to send in relief aid immediately. U.S. Army General Joseph Votel accused Russia of playing a destabilizing role in Syria as“both arsonist and firefighter”, saying Moscow had failed to rein in its Syrian ally. “I think either Russia has to admit that it is not capable, or it doesn’t want to play a role in ending the Syrian conflict. I think their role is incredibly destabilizing at this point.” Russia’s military said rebels in eastern Ghouta started new offensives with intense artillery and gun fire after midday, Interfax news agency reported citing a Russian general. Residents in several towns in the eastern Ghouta described a brief pause in fighting, but said bombardment swiftly resumed. In Hammouriyeh town a man who identified himself as Mahmoud said helicopters and planes were in the sky and conducting strikes. Siraj Mahmoud, a spokesman for the Civil Defence rescue service, which is funded by Western governments and operates in rebel areas, said artillery and air strikes had hit the region. The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group said helicopters and warplanes had struck four towns and artillery shelling killed one person. A U.N. Security Council resolution passed on Saturday called for a 30-day ceasefire across the entire country, but did not specify when it should start. It excludes some militant groups which are among the rebels in eastern Ghouta. That has meant the ceasefire has not been observed in practice. U.N. spokesman Laerke declined to comment on the Russian proposal for a five-hour truce, but called instead on all sides to obey the full 30-day ceasefire. “It is a question life and death ... we need a 30-day cessation of hostilities in Syria as the Security Council demands,” Laerke, of the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Assistance, told a Geneva briefing. A rebel spokesman said people in eastern Ghouta did not want to leave the area despite the bombardment, because they feared arrest, torture or conscription by the government. Russia said it would guarantee the safety of any civilians who left. Eastern Ghouta, where the United Nations says around 400,000 people live, is a major target for Assad, whose forces have clawed back numerous areas with military backing from Russia and Iran. Rebels based in eastern Ghouta have intensified shelling of government-held Damascus. A medical official in the capital said on Monday 36 people had been killed in four days. Syrian state media reported eight people hurt by rebel shelling on Tuesday. Damascus and Moscow say the campaign in eastern Ghouta is needed to halt such shelling. The multi-sided Syrian war has killed hundreds of thousands of people and driven half of the pre-war population of 23 million from their homes. Fighting has escalated on several fronts this year, with the collapse of Islamic State giving rise to conflict between other Syrian and foreign parties. As Assad has pressed the offensive against eastern Ghouta, Turkey has launched an incursion against Kurdish fighters in the northwestern Afrin region. Tensions have also flared between Iran and Israel, alarmed by Tehran’s influence in Syria. Syrian air defenses shot down an Israeli F-16 earlier this month as it returned from a bombing raid on Iran-backed positions in Syria. Diplomatic sources said the OPCW would examine attacks including one on Sunday which health authorities said killed a child and caused symptoms consistent with chlorine gas exposure. Opposition-held areas in Eastern Ghouta were the scene of chemical attacks in 2013 in which hundreds of civilians were killed in the deadliest use of chemical weapons in decades. 
968500499925389312	2018-02-27 14:58:07	https://t.co/MIBowSQ22s	Morning Briefing: Comcast's Sky bid spoils the Disney-Fox party https://t.co/MIBowSQ22s Subscribe to News Now for a… https://t.co/QWtjIDvaXu	 Good morning. There is a lot of action in the courtroom today as the Supreme Court wades into a Microsoft privacy right fight, 20 U.S. states sue the federal government over Obamacare and the Florida teenager accused of the Parkland high school shooting appears for a hearing. For all the news you need to start your day, subscribe to the News Now newsletter. The best of Reuters news delivered right into your email box absolutely free. Highlights Comcast boss Brian Roberts is driving a Sky-shaped wedge between Walt Disney and Twenty-First Century Fox. The U.S. cable group’s $31 billion offer for the UK pay-TV group leaves Fox chair Rupert Murdoch with two unappealing options: enter a bidding war for Sky, or re-think his deal to sell Fox’s entertainment assets to Disney chief Bob Iger. A coalition of 20 U.S. states sued the federal government yesterday over Obamacare, claiming the law was no longer constitutional after the repeal last year of its requirement that people have health insurance or pay a fine. The U.S. Supreme Court on wades into a major privacy rights fight between Microsoft and the Justice Department today, weighing whether U.S. law allows prosecutors to compel technology companies to hand over data stored overseas. The Florida teenager accused of carrying out the deadliest mass shooting at a high school in U.S. history will appear in court today as a long-simmering national debate rages on between proponents of gun rights and advocates of firearms controls. World The world’s chemical weapons watchdog is investigating recent attacks in the besieged, rebel-held Syrian region of eastern Ghouta to determine whether banned munitions such as chlorine bombs were used, sources told Reuters. The United States threatened unilateral action against Iran yesterday after Russia vetoed a western bid for the United Nations Security Council to call out Tehran for failing to prevent its weapons from falling into the hands of Yemen’s Houthi group. Beijing, a major hub for artificial intelligence and semiconductors in China, is touting a new list of incentives to try and bait foreign talent for its equivalent of Silicon Valley in the Chinese capital. Commentary Science fiction no more, can lab-grown meat feed — and save — the world? We now have the capacity to grow real meat outside of animals' bodies, writes Paul Shapiro, author of a book on how this development could revolutionize the world. Lab-grown "clean meat," made from actual animal muscle tissue, will save the resources needed to raise farm animals - and is starting to get serious attention from agribusiness giants and traditional food processors. Business The chairman of the Federal Communications Commission said the agency plans to launch new auctions of high-band spectrum starting later this year, to speed the launch of next-generation 5G networks. Read more tech news and headlines from the Mobile World Congress here. A national security panel that can stop mergers that could harm U.S. security has begun looking at Singapore-based chipmaker Broadcom’s plan to take over rival Qualcomm, according to three sources familiar with the matter. A top German court ruled in favor of allowing major cities to ban heavily polluting diesel cars, a move likely to hit the value of 12 million vehicles in Europe’s largest car market and force carmakers to pay for costly modifications. Reuters TV 
968498468061884416	2018-02-27 14:50:03	https://t.co/0Wc41sRdFU	Jerusalem suspends tax plan that led to closure of Church of the Holy Sepulchre https://t.co/0Wc41sRdFU	 JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Jerusalem’s Church of the Holy Sepulchre, revered as the site of Jesus’s crucifixion and burial, will reopen its doors after Israel backtracked on Tuesday from a tax plan and draft property legislation that triggered a three-day protest. The rare decision on Sunday by church leaders to close the ancient holy site, a favorite among tourists and pilgrims, with the busy Easter holiday approaching put extra pressure on Israel to re-evaluate and suspend the moves. After receiving a statement from the office of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Roman Catholic, Greek Orthodox and Armenian clergy said the church would reopen Wednesday morning. An Israeli committee led by cabinet minister Tzachi Hanegbi will negotiate with church representatives to try to resolve the dispute over plans to tax commercial properties owned by the church in Jerusalem, Netanyahu’s statement said. Church leaders, in a joint statement, welcomed the dialogue. “After the constructive intervention of the prime minister, the churches look forward to engage with Minister Hanegbi, and with all those who love Jerusalem to ensure that our holy city, where our Christian presence continues to face challenges, remains a place where the three monotheistic faiths (Judaism, Islam and Christianity) may live and thrive together.” The Jerusalem Municipality, Netanyahu said, would suspend the tax collection actions it had taken in recent weeks.Mayor Nir Barkat has said the churches owed the city more than $180 million in property tax from their commercial holdings, adding that “houses of worship” would remain exempt. Church leaders, in closing the Church of the Holy Sepulchre, said church-owned businesses, which include a hotel and office space in Jerusalem, had enjoyed a tax exemption. While the review is under way, work on legislation that would allow Israel to expropriate land in Jerusalem that churches have sold to private real estate firms in recent years will also be suspended, Netanyahu said. The declared aim of the bill, deemed “abhorrent” in a prior statement issued by church leaders, is to protect homeowners against the possibility that private companies will not extend their leases of land on which their houses or apartments stand. The churches are major landowners in Jerusalem. They say such a law would make it harder for them to find buyers for church-owned land - sales that help to cover operating costs of their religious institutions. A spokesman for Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas called on Israel to permanently cancel the proposed measures, which he said would “lead to escalating tension and to instability”. A small minority of Palestinians are Christians, many of them in Bethlehem, the town in the Israeli-occupied West Bank - near Jerusalem - where Jesus is believed to have been born. 
968496205155225607	2018-02-27 14:41:03	https://t.co/A3xfrfW0c5	U.S. cuts support for Cambodia gov't over democratic 'setbacks' https://t.co/A3xfrfW0c5	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is curbing military support and other aid programs for Cambodia amid concerns about recent democratic setbacks in the Southeast Asian nation, the White House said on Tuesday. “Recent setbacks to democracy in Cambodia, however, caused us deep concern, including Senate elections on February 25 that failed to represent the genuine will of the Cambodian people,” the White House said. In a statement, it said it was suspending or curtailing several Treasury, USAID and American military assistance programs that support Cambodia’s military, taxation department or local authorities - all of which the White House said shared blame for recent instability. Washington has spent more than $1 billion to support Cambodia but the recent“setbacks compelled the United States to review its assistance to Cambodia to ensure that American taxpayer funds are not being used to support anti-democratic behavior,” the White House said. U.S. assistance directed at Cambodians that address health, agriculture and mine clearing would continue, it added. The move comes as other Western nations and rights groups have decried a crackdown against the political opposition and independent media ahead of Cambodia’s July 29 general election. 
968494975041273857	2018-02-27 14:36:10	https://t.co/lWyVBUXlOs	Finland urges wider EU participation in Ukraine peacekeeping force https://t.co/lWyVBUXlOs	 HELSINKI (Reuters) - Finland supports a proposed U.N. peacekeeping mission in eastern Ukraine but sees problems in narrowing down participants to only selected European Union countries, Defence Minister Jussi Niinisto said on Tuesday. A report commissioned by former NATO chief Anders Fogh Rasmussen, now an adviser to Ukraine’s President Petro Poroshenko, proposed earlier this month that the United Nations consider a force of about 20,000 soldiers from non-NATO countries to help resolve the crisis in Ukraine. The report listed non-NATO EU countries like Finland, Sweden and Austria taking key roles, along with NATO-countries perceived as friendly by Russia, such as Greece. “Ideas of labeling some European Union countries as more acceptable than others should be rejected, Niinisto said. “Also the composition of any possible peacekeeping operation should be broad-based and take into account operational requirements,” Niinisto said at a news conference in Helsinki with his Ukrainian counterpart Stepan Poltorak. Poltorak was in Helsinki to discuss security in Ukraine with Niinisto and Finland’s president. More than 10,000 people have been killed since April 2014 in a conflict that pits Ukrainian forces against Russian-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine. Intermittent clashes continue despite a notional ceasefire and diplomatic peace efforts. Sweden, which was suggested as a possible lead nation for a U.N. force in the Rasmussen report, has said it would be open to providing troops to a peacekeeping mission. Niinisto said the operation would need approval from both Russia and Ukraine, and gave no comment on how many troops Finland would be ready to provide. “When it comes to number of troops, it’s too early to say anything ... but Finland, Sweden, Austria, Switzerland and Ireland cannot put up all the troops needed for this kind of operation. We need more countries”. 
968493864280580096	2018-02-27 14:31:45	https://t.co/VSpS324Lyy	Free clinic opens for Yemenis impoverished by war https://t.co/VSpS324Lyy	 SANAA (Reuters) - Volunteer doctors are offering free medical services for a week at a clinic in the Yemeni capital Sanaa to treat people impoverished by a war which has killed thousands and wrecked the economy. The initiative, dubbed“Breeze of Hope,” is the first by a group of nurses and doctors to conduct electrocardiograms, x-rays and other procedures that Sanaa residents cannot afford. Yemen has been hit by three years of civil war between the internationally recognized government backed by a Saudi-led military coalition and the Iran-aligned Houthi movement which controls the capital. Key infrastructure has been bombed by Saudi-led air strikes while imports have been constricted by a near-blockade aimed at cutting off weapons supplies to the Houthis. Amid a dispute between the government and the Houthis over who should receive public sector salaries and as the local currency has shed much of its value, many employees — including some medical staff — have not received wages in over a year. For them, a chance at free healthcare is a rare boon. “I came here because I don’t have the means or ability to go to a hospital,” said one patient, Mohammed Fuad. “Our financial situation is difficult, and there are no salaries because of the war. That’s why we’re obliged to come to this charitable medical center.” Mohammed al-Aqabi, the head of the initiative, said the help provided rare hope amid the gloom of war. “The main purpose of running this center is to address the country’s catastrophic circumstances of war and destruction,” he said. The organizers say they hope to repeat the initiative elsewhere in the capital and in other areas of the country soon. 
968493864217653250	2018-02-27 14:31:45	https://t.co/4a7rkpX1Ef	U.S. rolls back aid, military support in Cambodia: White House https://t.co/4a7rkpX1Ef	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is curbing military support and other aid programs for Cambodia amid concerns about recent democratic setbacks in the Southeast Asian nation, the White House said on Tuesday. “Recent setbacks to democracy in Cambodia, however, caused us deep concern, including Senate elections on February 25 that failed to represent the genuine will of the Cambodian people,” the White House said. In a statement, it said it was suspending or curtailing several Treasury, USAID and American military assistance programs that support Cambodia’s military, taxation department or local authorities - all of which the White House said shared blame for recent instability. Washington has spent more than $1 billion to support Cambodia but the recent“setbacks compelled the United States to review its assistance to Cambodia to ensure that American taxpayer funds are not being used to support anti-democratic behavior,” the White House said. U.S. assistance directed at Cambodians that address health, agriculture and mine clearing would continue, it added. The move comes as other Western nations and rights groups have decried a crackdown against the political opposition and independent media ahead of Cambodia’s July 29 general election. 
968493496188440577	2018-02-27 14:30:17	https://t.co/FlHzFoa4vd	Microsoft clashes with Justice Department at U.S. Supreme Court https://t.co/FlHzFoa4vd https://t.co/MYXkDMWZ6V	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Supreme Court justices on Tuesday wrestled with Microsoft Corp’s dispute with the U.S. Justice Department over whether prosecutors can force technology companies to hand over data stored overseas, with some signaling support for the government and others urging Congress to pass a law to resolve the issue. Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Samuel Alito, both conservatives, indicated sympathy during an hour-long argument in the case toward the Justice Department’s stance that because Microsoft is based in the United States it was obligated to turn over data held abroad sought by prosecutors in a U.S. warrant. Liberal justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Sonia Sotomayor questioned whether the court needed to act in the closely watched case in light of Congress now considering bipartisan legislation that would resolve the legal issue. The case began when Microsoft balked at handing over a criminal suspect’s emails stored in Microsoft computer servers in Dublin in a drug trafficking case. Microsoft challenged whether a domestic warrant covered data stored abroad. A ruling is due by the end of June, giving Congress little time to act. “Wouldn’t it be wiser to say let’s leave things as they are. If Congress wants to regulate in this‘Brave New World,’ it should do it,” Ginsburg said. Alito agreed that Congress should act but added that“in the interim, something has to be done.” If the court were to rule in favor of Microsoft and Congress does not amend the 1986 law at issue in the case, Alito wondered how the government could quickly obtain information in a major criminal investigation in which data is held overseas, potentially in several different countries. “What happens in that situation?” Alito asked. Roberts appeared concerned that companies like Microsoft could enable customers to evade the reach of U.S. prosecutors by deliberately storing data overseas. Microsoft“might gain customers if you can assure them, no matter what happens, the government won’t be able to get access to their e-mails,” Roberts said. The company’s lawyer, Joshua Rosenkranz, responded that customers already know that other services existed that provided stronger privacy guarantees. “If customers do not want their e-mails to be seized by the government, they don’t use Microsoft’s services,” Rosenkranz said. The case highlights the friction between tech companies and privacy advocates desiring to protect customer data and law enforcement wanting information vital to criminal and counterterrorism investigations. The New York-based 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in 2016 sided with Microsoft, handing a victory to tech firms that increasingly offer cloud computing services in which data is stored remotely. President Donald Trump’s administration appealed that ruling to the Supreme Court. The appeals court said the emails were beyond the reach of domestic search warrants obtained under a federal law called the 1986 Stored Communications Act. Bipartisan legislation has been introduced in Congress to update the 1986 statute, a move backed by both Microsoft and the administration. The bill would let U.S. judges issue warrants while giving companies an avenue to object if the request conflicts with foreign law. Passage of the bill likely would render the case moot. Senator Orrin Hatch, a Republican who has led the efforts to rework the law, was in the courtroom to hear Tuesday’s argument. He said in a statement afterward that his bill would resolve the legal question while balancing law enforcement and privacy interests. “This commonsense legislation has the full-throated support of both law enforcement and the tech community and deserves swift enactment,” Hatch added. Globally dominant American tech companies have expressed concern that customers will go elsewhere if they think the U.S. government’s reach extends to data centers all around the world without changes being made to the law. Microsoft, which has 100 data centers in 40 countries, was the first American company to challenge a domestic search warrant seeking data held outside the United States. The Microsoft customer whose emails were sought told the company he was based in Ireland when he signed up for his account. Other companies including IBM Corp, Amazon.com Inc, Apple Inc, Verizon Communications Inc and Alphabet Inc’s Google filed court papers backing Microsoft. Several foreign governments, including Ireland and Britain, filed court papers raising concerns about the U.S. government’s position. The administration has the support of 35 states led by Vermont. 
968489541186310150	2018-02-27 14:14:34	https://t.co/5y26gQjGtm	EU chief negotiator warns Britain on time, transition period https://t.co/5y26gQjGtm	 BRUSSELS (Reuters) - EU negotiator Michel Barnier accused the British government on Tuesday of clinging to“illusion” while time runs out for a Brexit deal to avoid massive disruption when Britain leaves the European Union next year. Speaking after briefing ministers from the other 27 EU states and ahead of publication on Wednesday of a first draft of a withdrawal treaty that officials say will cross many British red lines, Barnier returned to a familiar mantra that had become muted after an interim deal with London two months ago. “The clock is ticking. I am worried by the time, which is short,” he told reporters, referring to an October target for agreeing a treaty, including a transition period, in time for it to be ratified before Brexit in March 2019. With British politics still in turmoil over Brexit, a mammoth project rejected by nearly half the country in a 2016 referendum, there has been a sharpening of tone on both sides. British officials accuse Brussels of eschewing creative solutions to avoid trade disruption, while EU leaders complain that Prime Minister Theresa May’s divided government is failing to make its intentions clear. Asked about a comment by the EU summit chair last week that ideas for a future trade pact being floated ahead of a key May speech on Friday were“pure illusion”, Barnier said he agreed with Donald Tusk.“It is illusory to imagine we will accept cherry-picking,” he said of the idea that Britain could maintain EU regulations in some sectors, while diverging in others. Barnier also renewed his warning that a status quo for business for a couple of years after Brexit could not yet be taken for granted, given outstanding differences. And warning of a lack of progress in other areas of the talks, he said he was ready to meet his British counterpart David Davis urgently. Both sides had hoped an interim accord in December on how much Britain would pay Brussels and how expatriate citizens’ rights would be protected would lead to a quick agreement by next month on a transition period, during which Britain would remain bound by EU rules, giving businesses time to adjust. However, May has pushed back on some EU proposals, such as rights for EU citizens arriving to live in Britain during the transition and mechanisms to hold London to EU law, while London is also seeking some flexibility up-front in the EU’s proposal to complete its separation at the end of 2020. Barnier spoke of“significant points of disagreement” on the transition, and suggested Britain was trying to keep it open-ended. EU governments are keen that it does not become a long-term arrangement, though most are willing to consider extending it into 2021 if a future trade deal takes longer to take effect. May’s spokesman played down the differences. “During a negotiation you would not expect both sides to immediately agree on everything. What’s absolutely clear is that both the UK and the EU agree that an implementation period is beneficial and we’re working to reach agreement in March,” he said. Among controversial elements of the draft withdrawal treaty to be agreed by the executive European Commission on Wednesday are clauses on the enforcement of its terms for years to come by the EU court and on preventing“regulatory divergence” across the Irish border. British Brexit campaigners have already spoken out against what they expect the EU text to say. British officials stress that the text will reflect only an EU negotiating gambit in some cases, although other passages will translate into legal terms the agreements reached by both sides two months ago. Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson dismissed the EU’s plan to hold Britain to judgments in the European Court of Justice, though EU officials say they have yet to hear a clear alternative from London on how to settle disputes. British officials are also uneasy about the EU writing into the draft that London will maintain regulations in Northern Ireland to avoid diverging from EU rules in the Irish Republic and so avoid a“hard border” that could disrupt the peace. EU officials acknowledge that Britain has said there may be other ways to avoid border friction — but has yet to offer details. Brussels is awaiting May’s proposals for a future trade relationship on Friday. EU leaders plan to approve a negotiating mandate for Barnier on those trade talks when they next meet in Brussels on March 22-23. The aim would be to agree a broad“political declaration” on the future to accompany the withdrawal treaty and to have a trade pact ready for 2021. May has ruled out remaining in the EU single market or customs union. Her Labour opponent Jeremy Corbyn outlined a plan on Monday to stay in a customs union, opening up a gap between the two big parties on Brexit that raised questions on whether May can pass her Brexit legislation, given her narrow majority. May’s trade minister, Brexit campaigner Liam Fox, dismissed the Labour proposal as a“sell-out” as it would bind Britain to many EU rules while preventing it striking its own trade deals. Adding to doubts about how Britain will implement Brexit, the Scottish government confirmed plans for its own legislation on the withdrawal, a plan to be emulated in Wales. 
968484672702476288	2018-02-27 13:55:14	https://t.co/OMCbe7aWVp	Scotland to introduce own Brexit bill, increasing pressure on UK government https://t.co/OMCbe7aWVp	 EDINBURGH (Reuters) - The Scottish and Welsh governments said on Tuesday they will introduce bills into their parliaments aimed at keeping regional powers that come back from Brussels after Brexit, in a move that could complicate British plans to leave the EU. The bills are to be debated by the devolved parliaments in the coming days. Several powers which have been devolved onto the regional governments, such as agriculture and fisheries, are administered from Brussels because they fall within EU frameworks. But after Brexit those powers will come back to Britain, and Scotland and Wales want to make sure they stay within the remit of regional parliaments and do not just revert to the British government. The sides are currently negotiating exactly how the powers will be returned, but have reached a stumbling block. The coming regional bills are designed as a back-up in case no deal can be reached. It was not immediately clear what legal weight the Scottish and Welsh bills would have, but the process of establishing whether they are binding could take weeks or even months, while the British government has limited time before Brexit day in a year’s time. The British government needs a deal with Scotland and Wales before the summer in order to pass the European Union (Withdrawal) Bill in Britain’s national parliament. Although Britain’s devolved parliaments do not have a veto on Brexit legislation, ignoring their wishes has worsened already strained relations and may stoke nationalism in Scotland, further complicating the EU withdrawal process. Scotland and Wales say that the British Brexit withdrawal bill makes a mockery of two decades of power-sharing agreements. “The EU (Withdrawal) Bill, as currently drafted, would allow the UK government to take control of laws and policy areas that are devolved. This is simply not acceptable to the Welsh government, or the people of Wales who have voted for devolution in two referendums,” the Welsh government said. Prime Minister Theresa May’s government says it wants to make unspecified exceptions to their powers where it deems it necessary for overall British unity, and that is the stumbling block in talks. By introducing its own bill now, the Scottish government can ensure enough time for it to be made effective before Brexit legislation is passed in Britain’s national parliament in London, the Scottish bill said. It added: “It is a bill which prepares Scotland’s devolved laws for the UK’s withdrawal from the European Union. This means that EU laws currently in force will be retained after withdrawal and the Scottish government will be given the tools needed to make sure these laws keep working after withdrawal.” The Scottish challenge to Prime Minister Theresa May’s authority comes after her government indicated on Monday it would go no further in offering concessions to Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland in reaching agreement over the EU (Withdrawal) Bill. Scotland’s first minister said earlier that the Scottish parliament would not consent to the UK legislation as it stands. “I will not sign up to something that effectively undermines the whole foundation on which devolution is built,” Nicola Sturgeon told BBC radio. 
968482122972516353	2018-02-27 13:45:06	https://t.co/XGuz8wOkX2	Saudi Crown Prince to visit Britain on March 7 - May's spokesman https://t.co/XGuz8wOkX2 https://t.co/Hzy7P04hYZ	 LONDON (Reuters) - Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman will begin a visit to Britain on March 7 which will include talks with Prime Minister Theresa May on topics such as extremism and societal reform, May’s spokesman said on Tuesday. “The visit will usher in a new era in bilateral relations focused on a partnership that delivers wide-ranging benefits for both the United Kingdom and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia,” the spokesman said. “The visit will also provide an opportunity to enhance our co-operation in tackling international challenges such as terrorism, extremism, the conflict and humanitarian crisis in Yemen and other regional issues such as Iraq and Syria.” May discussed the visit with her cabinet earlier on Tuesday, including the much anticipated stock market listing of state oil company Saudi Aramco - potentially the biggest listing in history and the subject of a high profile tug of war between Britain and the United States. “The fact that there is a potential listing of Saudi Aramco was discussed, but in no more terms than that,” the spokesman said. In a separate statement issued after the meeting with her cabinet, May said the crown prince’s visit - his first since his appointment in June 2017 - would allow Britain to talk“frankly and constructively” about areas of concern like Yemen and security in the Middle East. 
968480393467920385	2018-02-27 13:38:13	https://t.co/C2zMyb02it	Comcast CEO hails cab driver's influence in bid for Sky 'jewel' https://t.co/C2zMyb02it https://t.co/X2WkivDElF	 LONDON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Comcast Corp (CMCSA.O) would become the world’s largest pay-TV operator if CEO Brian Roberts’ $31-billion bid for Sky Plc (SKYB.L) succeeds, more than doubling its subscribers and expanding its international presence as growth slows in its core U.S. market. Little known in Europe, Philadelphia-based Comcast is the biggest U.S. cable operator, owning broadcasters NBC, CNBC and MSNBC. It also owns movie studio Universal Pictures, home to“Minions” and“Jason Bourne” movies and some theme parks. A deal with Sky would help diversify its revenue as more U.S. customers cancel their cable packages in favor of cheaper streaming options from companies like Netflix Inc (NFLX.O) and Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O). Comcast lost 33,000 video customers last quarter alone.. Comcast would immediately become the world’s largest pay-TV operator with 52 million“customer relationships,” if the deal went ahead, according to Macquarie analysts, adding Sky’s 23 million subscribers to its own customer base. That would almost double the company’s reach and give it cross-border presence in Britain, Germany and Italy as well as the United States. The figure of 52 million is still dwarfed by Netflix’s 118 million worldwide subscribers. If the deal went ahead, international revenue would make up 25 percent of Comcast’s total, up from 9 percent currently, according to the company. A key gain for Comcast would be Sky’s success earlier this month in winning the rights to show Premier League soccer matches for a fee well below analyst expectations, likely a boost to future earnings. Comcast offered 12.50 pounds in cash per Sky share on Tuesday, well above the 10.75 pounds Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOXA.O) - run by Roberts’ rival Rupert Murdoch - had agreed to pay for the British company. That complicates Walt Disney Co’s (DIS.N) $52-billion deal to buy a range of Fox assets, including Sky, which was based on the assumption that Fox would complete its purchase. Investors and analysts met Comcast’s offer for Europe’s biggest pay-TV broadcaster with some skepticism, sending Comcast shares down 6 percent on Tuesday. Disney shares were also down 3.7 percent. Sky shares jumped 20 percent. A Sky deal would provide additional channels for Comcast-owned content in Europe but also tie it further to satellite distribution, a technology growing obsolete in the United States, said Craig Moffett, an analyst at MoffettNathanson. The all-cash deal would likely limit Comcast’s share buybacks, said Hank Smith, co-chief investment officer at Haverford Trust Co, which owns 3.35 million Comcast shares. “There was a fair amount of hedge fund ownership that was expecting accelerated buybacks,” said Smith, addressing Comcast’s share drop on Tuesday.“If that was your thesis for owning Comcast that’s going to be on hold for now. There’s also concern that this becomes a bidding war.” Such a bidding war could mean that if Disney wants to block Comcast and own all of Sky, it would have to pay more than 14 pounds a share, according to a note on Tuesday by London-based Square Global Markets. Roberts, 58, took over as head of Comcast from his father, Ralph, who founded the company in 1963. The younger Roberts became Comcast’s president in 1990 and CEO in 2002, having spent his whole career at the company. Any deal would raise Roberts’ profile as one of the most powerful media leaders. He brokered the 2001 deal with AT&T Broadband that turned the cable company into a national player. He led Comcast’s failed effort to buy Disney for $54 billion in 2004. His $37-billion deal in 2009 to combine General Electric Co’s (GE.N) NBCUniversal business and Comcast’s cable networks put him in charge of more than 20 million subscribers of video, internet and voice services, the broadcast network known for“Friends” and“Seinfeld,” plus theme parks and the film studio. When Roberts was weighing an offer for Sky, a trip to see Sky’s products in store, and the knowledge of the London taxi driver that took him there, helped to make up his mind. “The cab driver was incredibly knowledgeable about the difference between Virgin and Sky in every feature,” Roberts told reporters on Tuesday.“We were learning a lot there. Then when we went to the Sky store, we spent at least an hour going through every feature and comparing it to our own... We were really terribly impressed.” Liberty Global-owned (LBTYA.O) Virgin Media is a British rival to Sky. The CEO said the visit was one of a number of things that confirmed his company should try to acquire Sky. “Seeing it again, and listening to the passion of the sales and looking at the product... all those things combined to reinforce what a number of us have known for years - that this is a jewel,” said Roberts.“Frankly there’s nothing as great in the United States.” 
968479055933820928	2018-02-27 13:32:55	https://t.co/AvCZgaicMC	Canada says gravely concerned by Myanmar's jailing of journalists https://t.co/AvCZgaicMC	 GENEVA (Reuters) - Canada is gravely concerned by the imprisonment of two Reuters journalists in Myanmar, Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland told the U.N. Human Rights Council on Tuesday, adding that ethnic cleansing had taken place in Myanmar’s Rakhine state. “For true democracy to flourish, fundamental freedoms such as freedom of the press must be respected. That is why Canada is gravely concerned by the imprisonment of two Reuters journalists who dared to report on the crimes in Rakhine state,” she said. Freeland, a former editor of Thomson Reuters Digital, was speaking at a meeting of the U.N. council in Geneva. Reuters journalists Wa Lone, 31, and Kyaw Soe Oo, 27, were detained on Dec. 12 over allegations they violated Myanmar’s colonial-era Official Secrets Act. Court proceedings are under way to decide whether the pair will face charges under the act, with the next hearing scheduled for Wednesday. The two reporters had been working on a Reuters investigation into the killing of 10 Rohingya Muslim men who were buried in a mass grave in northern Rakhine state after being hacked to death or shot by ethnic Rakhine Buddhist villagers and soldiers. After Reuters published its report on the killings on Feb. 8, calls have mounted for the release of the two reporters. Nearly 700,000 Rohingya have fled Rakhine state since Myanmar’s military launched a crackdown in late August in response to militant attacks. Myanmar has denied that ethnic cleansing has taken place, and said its troops were engaged in legitimate counterinsurgency operations. With reference to the Reuters journalists, Hau Do Suan, Myanmar’s ambassador to the United Nations, said this month that Myanmar recognized freedom of the press and the journalists were not arrested for reporting a story, but were accused of“illegally possessing confidential government documents.” 
968473460770033664	2018-02-27 13:10:41	https://t.co/40n0pTRdLw	Second Maldives minister resigns, urges international help to overcome crisis https://t.co/40n0pTRdLw	 (Reuters) - Maldives State Health Minister Dunya Maumoon has resigned, she said in a letter on Tuesday, grieved by the arrest of her father, the island nation’s longest-serving leader, after President Abdulla Yameen declared a state of emergency. The Maldives’ top court last week validated a 30-day extension of the state of emergency sought by Yameen over what he has called a national security threat and constitutional crisis. “Today, at this time of pain and crisis for both my family and my country, it is my sincere hope to see my father home at the earliest,” said Dunya Maumoon, who becomes the second minister to resign from Yameen’s ruling party since the crisis began on Feb. 1. “I therefore call upon the international community to support the Maldivian people to help us overcome this crisis and to build a stronger democratic system,” she said in the letter reviewed by Reuters. Her father, Maumoon Abdul Gayoom, is Yameen’s half-brother and ruled the country for 30 years until 2008. He was arrested at his residence early this month, along with his son-in-law. “He is not just my father, but the father of the nation, who has built this country and has earned the respect and love of the people,” she added. After declaring the emergency, Yameen’s administration arrested the chief justice, another Supreme Court judge and Gayoom on allegations of attempting to overthrow the government. 
968471390964809729	2018-02-27 13:02:27	https://t.co/vKSMnc7dHL	Saudi Crown Prince to visit Britain on March 7: PM May's spokesman https://t.co/vKSMnc7dHL	 LONDON (Reuters) - Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman will begin a visit to Britain on March 7 which will include talks with Prime Minister Theresa May on topics such as extremism and societal reform, May’s spokesman said on Tuesday. “The visit will usher in a new era in bilateral relations focused on a partnership that delivers wide-ranging benefits for both the United Kingdom and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia,” the spokesman said. “The visit will also provide an opportunity to enhance our co-operation in tackling international challenges such as terrorism, extremism, the conflict and humanitarian crisis in Yemen and other regional issues such as Iraq and Syria.” May discussed the visit with her cabinet earlier on Tuesday, including the much anticipated stock market listing of state oil company Saudi Aramco - potentially the biggest listing in history and the subject of a high profile tug of war between Britain and the United States. “The fact that there is a potential listing of Saudi Aramco was discussed, but in no more terms than that,” the spokesman said. In a separate statement issued after the meeting with her cabinet, May said the crown prince’s visit - his first since his appointment in June 2017 - would allow Britain to talk“frankly and constructively” about areas of concern like Yemen and security in the Middle East. 
968470306426949632	2018-02-27 12:58:09	https://t.co/8SxIBsZV2M	France's Le Drian says Iran ballistic ambitions very worrying https://t.co/8SxIBsZV2M	 MOSCOW (Reuters) - French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said on Tuesday that Iran’s ballistic missile ambitions were very worrying and ran counter to a U.N. resolution. Le Drian, speaking at a news conference after talks with Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov, said it was necessary to avoid the Iranian ballistic program becoming a factor that threatened its neighbors. 
968470306426904578	2018-02-27 12:58:09	https://t.co/2mxe8wGqY1	Syrian warplanes strike eastern Ghouta despite Russian truce https://t.co/2mxe8wGqY1	 BEIRUT/GENEVA (Reuters) - A Russian call for a five-hour truce on Tuesday failed to halt one of the most devastating campaigns of the Syrian war, where residents said government warplanes resumed striking the eastern Ghouta region after a brief lull. Diplomatic sources meanwhile said the chemical weapons watchdog, the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, opened an investigation into attacks in eastern Ghouta to determine whether banned munitions were used. Political leaders in France, the United States and Britain said this month they would back targeted military action against Damascus if there were proof chemical weapons had been used by forces under President Bashar al-Assad, Russia’s ally. Moscow and Damascus blamed rebels for the collapse of the truce, saying fighters had shelled a safe route intended for civilians to leave the enclave. The insurgents denied such shelling, and a senior U.S. general accused Moscow acting as“both arsonist and firefighter” by failing to rein in Assad. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said Moscow would press on with a plan to stage similar daily pauses in the fighting, allowing aid to be delivered to eastern Ghouta through what Russia describes as a humanitarian corridor. But the United Nations said it was proving impossible to aid civilians or evacuate wounded, and said all sides must instead abide by a 30-day truce sought by the U.N. Security Council. “We have reports this morning there is continuous fighting in eastern Ghouta,” U.N. humanitarian spokesman Jens Laerke said.“Clearly the situation on the ground is not such that convoys can go in or medical evacuations can go out.” Hundreds of people have died during 10 days of government bombardment of the eastern Ghouta, an area of towns and farms on the outskirts of Damascus. The assault has been among the most devastating air campaigns of a war now entering its eighth year. The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) said it was ready to access eastern Ghouta to deliver life-saving aid, but the proposed five-hour pause was too short. Without mentioning Russia, the author of the proposal, ICRC Middle East director Robert Mardini said humanitarian corridors had to be well-planned and agreed to by all warring sides, while people should be allowed to leave of their own free will. With its Ghouta offensive, the Syrian government is drawing on the military methods it has used to crush its opponents in other parts of Syria, including eastern Aleppo in late 2016. Intensifying bombardment of the besieged area has been coupled with probing ground assaults to test rebel defenses. With no sign of decisive international pressure to stop the attack, eastern Ghouta seems likely to meet the same fate as other areas won back by the government, where humanitarian corridors eventually became escape routes for defeated rebels. “A concrete humanitarian corridor has been set up that will be used to deliver humanitarian aid, and, in the other direction, a medical evacuation can take place and all civilians who want to leave can,” Lavrov told a joint news conference in Moscow after meeting French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian. But the local branch of the opposition Syrian Interim Government’s Ministry of Health dismissed Russia’s truce call as a ploy to circumvent the U.N. month-long ceasefire resolution. The call in effect offered residents a choice between“death under bombardment” or a forced displacement, it said, calling on the United Nations to send in relief aid immediately. U.S. Army General Joseph Votel accused Russia of playing a destabilizing role in Syria as“both arsonist and firefighter”, saying Moscow had failed to rein in its Syrian ally. “I think either Russia has to admit that it is not capable, or it doesn’t want to play a role in ending the Syrian conflict. I think their role is incredibly destabilizing at this point.” Russia’s military said rebels in eastern Ghouta started new offensives with intense artillery and gun fire after midday, Interfax news agency reported citing a Russian general. Residents in several towns in the eastern Ghouta described a brief pause in fighting, but said bombardment swiftly resumed. In Hammouriyeh town a man who identified himself as Mahmoud said helicopters and planes were in the sky and conducting strikes. Siraj Mahmoud, a spokesman for the Civil Defence rescue service, which is funded by Western governments and operates in rebel areas, said artillery and air strikes had hit the region. The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group said helicopters and warplanes had struck four towns and artillery shelling killed one person. A U.N. Security Council resolution passed on Saturday called for a 30-day ceasefire across the entire country, but did not specify when it should start. It excludes some militant groups which are among the rebels in eastern Ghouta. That has meant the ceasefire has not been observed in practice. U.N. spokesman Laerke declined to comment on the Russian proposal for a five-hour truce, but called instead on all sides to obey the full 30-day ceasefire. “It is a question life and death ... we need a 30-day cessation of hostilities in Syria as the Security Council demands,” Laerke, of the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Assistance, told a Geneva briefing. A rebel spokesman said people in eastern Ghouta did not want to leave the area despite the bombardment, because they feared arrest, torture or conscription by the government. Russia said it would guarantee the safety of any civilians who left. Eastern Ghouta, where the United Nations says around 400,000 people live, is a major target for Assad, whose forces have clawed back numerous areas with military backing from Russia and Iran. Rebels based in eastern Ghouta have intensified shelling of government-held Damascus. A medical official in the capital said on Monday 36 people had been killed in four days. Syrian state media reported eight people hurt by rebel shelling on Tuesday. Damascus and Moscow say the campaign in eastern Ghouta is needed to halt such shelling. The multi-sided Syrian war has killed hundreds of thousands of people and driven half of the pre-war population of 23 million from their homes. Fighting has escalated on several fronts this year, with the collapse of Islamic State giving rise to conflict between other Syrian and foreign parties. As Assad has pressed the offensive against eastern Ghouta, Turkey has launched an incursion against Kurdish fighters in the northwestern Afrin region. Tensions have also flared between Iran and Israel, alarmed by Tehran’s influence in Syria. Syrian air defenses shot down an Israeli F-16 earlier this month as it returned from a bombing raid on Iran-backed positions in Syria. Diplomatic sources said the OPCW would examine attacks including one on Sunday which health authorities said killed a child and caused symptoms consistent with chlorine gas exposure. Opposition-held areas in Eastern Ghouta were the scene of chemical attacks in 2013 in which hundreds of civilians were killed in the deadliest use of chemical weapons in decades. 
968467370347061248	2018-02-27 12:46:29	https://t.co/cjrnNsmvw8	Moncler Chairman says no plans for M&amp;A operations at the moment https://t.co/cjrnNsmvw8 https://t.co/esSq9DAbgn	 MILAN (Reuters) - Italy’s Moncler (MONC.MI) expects to outperform the luxury industry in 2018 by pursuing online sales and targeting younger customers, the luxury jacket and coat maker said on Tuesday. Moncler announced a shift last week to monthly product launches aimed at keeping up with the increasingly fast pace of the luxury market. “We must keep an open mind and constantly evolve, welcoming changes but keeping true to our DNA,” Chairman and Chief Executive Remo Ruffini said at Moncler’s capital markets day. Fashion groups are coming under pressure to deliver new clothes and accessories more quickly as their brands attract younger buyers whose tastes are influenced by social media. Moncler’s Chief Operating Officer (COO) Roberto Eggs said the shape and size of the company - founded as a traditional skiwear brand in 1952 but now a trendy fashion label - would allow it to keep growing at a faster pace than the industry. Worldwide sales of luxury goods, worth some 260 billion euros ($321 billion), are seen growing at 4-5 percent a year until 2020, consultancy Bain predicts. Eggs said Moncler aims to double its retail online sales, now at 3 percent of revenues, to bring it closer to rest of the industry where e-commerce represents 9 percent of total revenue and is forecast to reach a quarter of all sales by 2025. Moncler would complete the European roll-out of its omni-channel program - drawing together shop operations with online - by early 2019, Eggs said, adding that China, a critical market for the luxury industry, required a specific approach. The Italian firm, whose iconic puffer coats sell for as much as 1,000 euros each, said it did not plan big price increases in order to keep its products attractive to young clients, who make up a third of the market. “We don’t want them to be cut out since they are the growth engine for the future,” Eggs told analysts. Moncler aims to enter two new countries a year, with at least 10 new boutiques to be opened yearly. Under its new“Genius” strategy, last week Moncler wowed the fashion crowd at Milan’s fashion week with a big reveal of its eight new collections, by eight different designers. “2018 is the start of a new era ,” Eggs said. 
968463289431797760	2018-02-27 12:30:16	https://t.co/drZ84na8G6	Exclusive: Indonesia's central bank nominee to be 'pragmatic' on growth - finance minister https://t.co/drZ84na8G6 https://t.co/cpKHXxQFtv	 JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesian Finance Minister Sri Mulyani Indrawati said on Tuesday she expected the nominee for the next central bank governor to continue to focus on stability and taming inflation, while adopting a“pragmatic” approach to boosting growth. President Joko Widodo’s selection of Perry Warjiyo, a longtime deputy governor of Bank Indonesia, to succeed Agus Martowardojo, was confirmed on Saturday. In her first comments on the nomination, Indrawati said in an interview that she hoped Warjiyo would maintain the bank’s strong reputation for policy credibility built up under his boss and predecessor. “We, of course, expect because Bank Indonesia is the central bank, they are going to continue maintaining stability but at the same time, they are going to be pragmatic enough to see the opportunity for them to continue to support what the government is actually addressing: poverty, inequality, and growth,” she said. “I think the most important is job creation and growth.” The comments come as the government is redoubles efforts to boost growth, which has struggled to exceed 5 percent in recent years, well below the 7 percent Widodo pledged to deliver while campaigning in 2014. A collapse in commodities prices just as he took office is partly to blame. Indrawati also emphasized the independence of its central bank was one of the key structural changes that helped Indonesia recover from a painful recession after the 1997-1998 financial crisis forced it to turn to the International Monetary Fund for a bailout. Indrawati said that Warjiyo’s experience at Bank Indonesia and previously at the IMF would prepare him well for the role. She added that she had a good relationship with Warjiyo, whom she described as a“likeable person” who tells“a lot of jokes.” As a deputy governor, Warjiyo’s role includes monetary policy mix formulation, financial market deepening and Islamic financial market development. Indrawati also said it was important for Indonesia to boost consumption growth back toward the 6 percent level seen before the 2008-2009 financial crisis. It has been stuck around 5 percent in recent years. The government has been increasing cash transfers to help its poorest keep pace with inflation. But she said it has yet to understand why construction wages have stagnated, despite increased infrastructure spending and how to capture the growth of digital trade in its consumption statistics. Another way to boost growth is through increased business investment, and Indrawati said the government was considering adding new tax allowances for investment in sectors such as petrochemicals, pharmaceuticals manufacturing, and downstream processing for agribusiness and mining commodities. These are among 20 previously unnamed sectors that she said last week would be considered for new eligibility for revised tax incentives. “These are all the areas which I think have huge correlation with domestic demand, which is growing very fast,” she said. The government also will begin a“benchmarking” approach of studying neighboring countries’ tax incentives, including those offered by Thailand, to see if they should be matched, she said. Turning to U.S. President Donald Trump’s trade policies, Indrawati said tariff actions that spark deeper trade disputes could put global growth at risk. This, in turn, could cut demand abroad for the same U.S. exports that Trump wants to boost. Indonesia had a $13.3-billion trade surplus with the United States, largely on apparel, textiles, seafood and palm oil. Its biggest U.S. imports are soybeans, aircraft and cotton. “If the United States, as the largest economy in the world, creates a weakening global economy, even a recession, it will backfire to the United States’ own interests,” she said.“You can’t say‘My country first’ and the rest is not important.” Indrawati said the fair and reciprocal trading system that Trump has insisted on would be best ensured by settling disputes through established bodies such as the World Trade Organization. Trump frequently complains about the Geneva-based WTO, calling it a“catastrophe” on Monday. He is considering several unilateral tariff actions that almost certainly will draw challenges under WTO rules, including steel and aluminum tariffs on national security grounds and potential trade sanctions against China over its intellectual property practices. 
968459234491891712	2018-02-27 12:14:09	https://t.co/adGV5brCMJ	Italy's Berlusconi makes clear his PM choice will be Tajani https://t.co/adGV5brCMJ	 ROME (Reuters) - Former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi said on Tuesday he planned to propose Antonio Tajani, the president of the European Parliament, as prime minister if his center-right bloc wins Italy’s March 4 election. However, Berlusconi said that Tajani, who helped him found his Forza Italia (Go Italy!) party in 1994, had not yet given him a green light to announce the decision. “Because of the very important role he fills, he has asked me to put forward his name only when he gives me the go-ahead,” Berlusconi told Rai Radio, nonetheless leaving no doubt that his one-time spokesman would get the nod. “Everyone can understand that he would be an excellent candidate because Italy doesn’t count for anything anymore in Europe or in the world. He would count an awful lot because he is the president of the European institution which is directly elected by European citizens.” Tajani declined to comment when asked in Brussels about Berlusconi’s remarks. The 64-year-old has repeatedly visited Italy in recent weeks campaigning for the center-right alliance and has not played down speculation that Berlusconi would pick him. Berlusconi, 81, has been prime minister four times, but is barred from holding public office until 2019 because of a 2013 tax fraud conviction. His centre-right/far-right alliance, which also includes the anti-migrant League and nationalist Brothers of Italy, has agreed that if it wins an absolute majority on Sunday, the party which takes the most votes can pick the next premier. The name must then be approved by the head of state Sergio Mattarella. Before a poll blackout came into force on Feb. 16, surveys suggested the center-right would win most seats but fall short of a governing majority. Polls also showed Forza Italia maintaining a steady lead over the League. Tajani, has been one of Berlusconi’s his most loyal lieutenants, staying by his side when the veteran leader, engulfed by sex scandals, was forced to resign as prime minister in 2011 at the height of a sovereign debt crisis. He was elected to the European Parliament in 1994 and has spent much of his political career in Brussels, becoming president of the EU assembly in January, 2017 when Martin Schulz left the job to return to national German politics. His pro-European credentials means he will not be welcomed with open arms by either the League or Brothers of Italy, which are both euroskeptical. The League in particular wants Italy to quit the euro currency as soon as is politically feasible. By choosing Tajani, Berlusconi would send a calming message to EU allies and financial markets that any center-right government would not be hostile to the European Union. Tajani has also looked to reassure moderates within Italy who might be alarmed by the far-right nature of Forza Italia’s closest allies, appearing in public twice this month with Pope Francis’s right-hand man, Cardinal Pietro Parolin. If the center-right does not win a majority, many political analysts believe Forza Italia will split away from its partners and seek to build a coalition government with the ruling center-left Democratic Party, although Berlusconi has denied this. 
968456293148168192	2018-02-27 12:02:27	https://t.co/rJb14CTXxt	Lost in translation? Kazakh leader bans cabinet from speaking Russian https://t.co/rJb14CTXxt	 ALMATY (Reuters) - Kazakhstan further loosened cultural ties with its former political masters in Moscow on Tuesday when a ban on speaking Russian in cabinet meetings took effect - despite many ministers favoring that language over their native Kazakh. Veteran President Nursultan Nazarbayev, who wields sweeping powers while paying close attention to public opinion, ordered the switch the previous day. The only Soviet-era leader still in power, the 77-year-old has run the Central Asian country since 1989. He is fluent in both languages and switches between them in his speeches. But many Kazakhs, including some senior officials, are not, and prefer Russian, and cabinet meeting have generally been bilingual too. But in Tuesday’s meeting, broadcast live on state television, only one participant in the chamber, Education Minister Yerlan Sagadiyev, was permitted to speak Russian. Exceptions were also made for provincial officials who joined via videolink. After independence, many former Soviet republics rushed through the process of severing links with Moscow, known as de-Russification. Kazakhstan, which became self-governing in 1991, took things more slowly, in part because ethnic Kazakhs at that time made up less than half of its population. Four years later, Nazarbayev made Russian the country’s second official language. But in a census compiled in 2009, only 62 percent of the population said they were fluent in spoken and written Kazakh, compared with 85 percent in Russian. The ethnic balance has since shifted, with Kazakhs now making up 69 percent of the oil-rich nation’s population of 18 million, while ethnic Russians account for just a fifth. The Russian language has continued to dominate, however, generating public pressure for the government to promote Kazakh more actively. Kazakh, a Turkic language, has very little in common with Russian save for some borrowed words. Nazarbayev last year announced a switch to a new, Latin-based Kazakh alphabet that will gradually replace the current Cyrillic script adapted from Russian. The move was not without hiccups. This month he amended his own decree after many Kazakhs criticized the use of apostrophes combined with Latin letters to denote some Kazakh letters. The new script uses French-style accents instead. Nazarbayev maintains warm ties with the Kremlin and was credited with helping to mend fences between Moscow and Ankara in 2016 after they fell out over Turkey’s downing of a Russian warplane. But there is no sign of compromise in his crusade against his officials speaking Russian. He has also ordered all parliamentary hearings to be held in Kazakh, saying those who are not fluent must be provided with simultaneous translations. And his ministers will get no further leeway either. “Next time I will report (from the cabinet) 100 percent in Kazakh,” privately owned news website Informburo.kz quoted Sagadiyev as saying. 
968454371884363777	2018-02-27 11:54:49	https://t.co/HAPRkjhQrb	Britain's May still thinks Northern Ireland power-share deal possible https://t.co/HAPRkjhQrb	 LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May still believes a deal can be reached to restore Northern Ireland’s power-sharing government, her spokeswoman said on Tuesday. The British province has been without a devolved executive for over a year since Irish nationalists Sinn Fein withdrew from the compulsory power-sharing government with their arch-rivals, the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP). May spoke to Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar on Monday evening. “The Prime Minister said she had met with both Sinn Fein and the DUP last week and that she still believes a basis for accommodation remains,” the spokeswoman said. On Brexit, May reaffirmed her commitment to avoiding a hard border between Northern Ireland and Ireland or between Northern Ireland and the rest of the United Kingdom, the spokeswoman said. 
968453454636216322	2018-02-27 11:51:11	https://t.co/mcJymBx3Ny	Comcast challenges Murdoch with $31 billion offer to buy Sky https://t.co/mcJymBx3Ny https://t.co/q55UCuzdzx	 LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. cable giant Comcast Corp (CMCSA.O) has offered $31 billion for Sky Plc (SKYB.L), threatening a plan hatched by Rupert Murdoch’s Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOXA.O) and Walt Disney Co (DIS.N) to seize control of Europe’s biggest pay-TV group. The world’s biggest entertainment company and owner of NBC and Universal Pictures said on Tuesday it proposed to offer 12.50 pounds per share for Britain’s Sky, more than the 10.75 pounds that Murdoch’s Fox has agreed to pay for it. Bob Iger’s Disney has agreed to buy Sky from Fox, along with other assets, in a separate $52 billion follow-up deal. Comcast’s all-cash, unsolicited offer pits CEO Brian Roberts against Murdoch, the 86-year-old tycoon who helped to launch Sky and pioneered pay-TV in Britain. Iger is also a long-time rival after Comcast tried and failed to buy Disney in 2004. “Sky and Comcast are a perfect fit: we are both leaders in creating and distributing content,” Roberts said. Sky’s shares jumped more than 20 percent, closing at 13.31 pounds, indicating that investors expect a bidding war. Shares of Comcast, Fox and Disney fell. Comcast’s appearance in the already complex Sky drama could prompt Fox to make a higher offer or Disney to make its own direct bid for Sky. Fox remains committed to its cash offer announced in December, it said in a statement. Media owners have been forced into increasingly aggressive deals after online groups Netflix Inc (NFLX.O) and Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) prompted many customers to ditch subscriptions. Comcast bid $60 billion last year to clinch a deal with Fox, before losing out to Disney. Sky, which provides sports programming, films and broadband to 23 million homes across Britain, Ireland, Germany, Italy and Austria, urged its investors to take no action since the approach did not represent a firm offer. Murdoch’s Fox agreed to buy the 61 percent of Sky it did not already own in a cash deal in December 2016, but the takeover has been repeatedly held up by regulators over concerns the media tycoon wields too much influence in Britain. The shares had been trading above the asking price since Sky this month agreed to pay less than expected for Premier League soccer rights, likely boosting its future earnings and prompting investors to demand a higher offer. It also attracted the attention of U.S. hedge fund and activist investor Elliott Management Corp, which has built up a 2.5 percent stake in Sky in recent weeks. Hedge fund manager Crispin Odey, a former son-in-law of Murdoch who holds 1 percent of Sky, said he expected a counter offer and speculated whether Disney could make a direct bid for Sky to avoid Fox’s regulatory problems. “Once you’re in a bidding war, it’s not about fair value, it’s about what do you think it’s worth,” Odey added. Formed in 1990, Sky has built its business by offering leading content and technology. It snapped up Murdoch’s pay-TV groups across Europe in 2014 to offer a distribution platform that is now proving attractive to the big U.S. content owners. Comcast said it had not yet engaged with Sky over the proposal and its finance director, Michael Cavanagh, declined to comment on whether it could lead to a renewed bid for Fox. Comcast will have to gain the support of Sky’s independent directors if it does not make a hostile bid because its chairman is Murdoch’s son James, who is also CEO of Fox. Comcast’s Roberts, the son of Ralph who founded the company in 1963, called Sky’s Deputy Chairman Martin Gilbert on Tuesday morning to notify him just before the offer statement was released, and called Sky CEO Jeremy Darroch shortly afterwards. Sky’s independent directors are expected to meet in the coming days to discuss the offer and the company said they were mindful of their duties to investors. Comcast went public with the proposal to trigger the regulatory timetable because timing will be a key factor. A Comcast spokesman said it would ask regulators in Brussels to look at the deal where it expects to avoid a lengthy investigation. Britain’s media minister has said he will give his verdict on Fox’s bid for Sky by June 14, giving Comcast a narrow window to get any takeover approval done. “We would like to own the whole of Sky and we will be looking to acquire over 50 percent of the Sky shares,” Roberts said. Disney’s Iger declined to comment when asked about the Comcast offer during a trip to Paris. Murdoch had been edging towards a deal for Sky in recent weeks, eight years after he first tried to buy the company. Britain’s competition regulator said in January his planned takeover should be blocked unless a way was found to prevent the Australian-born power-broker from influencing Sky’s news operation. Critics, including many politicians, argue Murdoch wields too much influence through the Sun and Times newspapers, and in 2011 he closed the News of the World after its journalists admitted hacking phones to get scoops. Seeking to prove it would not influence Sky News in the future, Fox last week promised to maintain and fund a fully independent Sky-branded news service for 10 years. British Prime Minister Theresa May’s ministers have appeared wary of approving Murdoch’s bid, repeatedly asking the independent regulator to intervene, and Comcast could face a smoother ride. A spokesman for May said the deal was a commercial matter. Robey Warshaw, a small boutique firm which has worked on some of Britain’s biggest deals, Evercore (EVR.N) and Bank of America Merrill Lynch (BAC.N) are advising Comcast. 
968451539198193667	2018-02-27 11:43:34	https://t.co/3XQfHahJyy	'My life is in danger,' North Korea leader's half-brother quoted as saying months before poisoning https://t.co/3XQfHahJyy	 KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Kim Jong Nam, the poisoned half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, told a friend in Malaysia his life was in danger six months before he was killed, a police official told a court on Tuesday. Two women, Indonesian Siti Aisyah and Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong, have been charged with murdering Kim by smearing his face with VX, a banned chemical poison, at Kuala Lumpur airport on Feb. 13 last year. Four North Korean fugitives have also been charged with murder. Defence lawyers say the women thought they were playing a prank for a reality show, as they had been paid to do elsewhere at airports and shopping malls, and did not know they were poisoning Kim. They face the death penalty if convicted. Kim arrived in Malaysia on Feb. 6 last year and was picked up at the airport by the driver of friend Tomie Yoshio, lead police investigator Wan Azirul Nizam Che Wan Aziz said. The driver was instructed to take Kim to his lodgings and other places he wanted to go after Kim told Yoshio his“life was in danger” during a prior visit to Malaysia. “Six months before the incident on Feb. 13, Kim Jong Nam said‘I am scared for my life and I want a driver’,” Wan Azirul said, citing police interviews with Yoshio. He did not give any other details about Yoshio or his whereabouts. Gooi Soon Seng, Siti Aisyah’s lawyer, has argued the killing was politically motivated, with key suspects linked to the North Korean embassy in Kuala Lumpur, suggesting his client was being made a scapegoat. Kim had criticized his family’s dynastic rule of North Korea, some South Korean officials have said. Under questioning, Wan Azirul agreed with Gooi that the two accused women had no motive for the killing, but denied accusations that the police investigation had been“lop-sided”. Gooi had earlier asked about Hong Song Hac, a North Korean who had paid Siti Aisyah to act on a prank show and was caught on airport video recordings fleeing the country on the day of the killing. Hong, one of the four North Koreans charged with the murder, was an official with the North Korean embassy in Indonesia from 2016 to 2017, Gooi told the court, citing records obtained from Indonesia’s foreign ministry. Wan Azirul could not confirm Gooi’s assertion, admitting he had not looked into Hong’s background despite naming Hong as a suspect. The trial resumes on Mar. 14. 
968448193951404034	2018-02-27 11:30:16	https://t.co/ASU3HLRIwB	Google not obligated to vet websites, German court rules https://t.co/ASU3HLRIwB https://t.co/Y7HISqEFrc	 FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Google (GOOGL.O) is not obligated to ensure websites are free from defamatory content before displaying links to them in search results, Germany’s highest court ruled on Tuesday. The case, which comes in the context of debate about the so-called“right to be forgotten”, had been brought by two individuals seeking Google to prevent its search engine from displaying links to websites on which they were verbally attacked by other internet users. They wanted Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc, to set up search filters to keep those websites from appearing in future search results, information about the users who had posted the offending comments and payment of damages, saying Google was partly responsible for the violation of their rights. The German Federal Court of Justice said, however, that a search engine operator need only take action if it is notified of a clearly recognizable violation of individuals’ rights, rather than checking ahead of time whether the content complies with the rules. “Instituting a general duty to inspect the content would seriously call into question the business model of search engines, which is approved by lawmakers and wanted by society,” the court said in a statement. “Without the help of such search engines it would be impossible for individuals to get meaningful use out of the internet due to the unmanageable flood of data it contains,” it added. In May 2014, the Court of Justice of the European Union (ECJ) ruled that people could ask search engines, such as Google and Microsoft’s Bing (MSFT.O), to remove inadequate or irrelevant information from web results appearing under searches for people’s names - dubbed the“right to be forgotten”. Google has since received requests for the removal of more than 2.4 million website links and accepted about 43 percent of them, according to its transparency report. 
968445033358741504	2018-02-27 11:17:43	https://t.co/0F4MGMDOBr	Pakistan's ruling party picks ousted PM's brother as president https://t.co/0F4MGMDOBr	 LAHORE, Pakistan (Reuters) - Pakistan’s ruling party on Tuesday chose Shahbaz Sharif as its president, officials said, replacing his brother and veteran leader Nawaz Sharif following his latest disqualification by the Supreme Court. The Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) party also elected Nawaz as“leader for life”, in what will be seen as a provocative move and could anger the judiciary after last week’s Supreme Court verdict that removed Sharif as party leader. In July, Pakistan’s top court had ended Sharif’s third stint in power for not declaring a small source of income, and the former leader could end up in jail if he is convicted in a separate corruption trial expected to wind up soon. Shahbaz’s elevation as party president will further fuel suggestions that he will replace Sharif loyalist Shahid Khaqan Abbasi as prime minister if the party sweeps back to power at general elections due in the summer. “A meeting of the party’s General Council will be held on March 6, which would elect Shahbaz as the permanent president,” said senior party official Mushahidullah Khan. “Nawaz Sharif will work as a life leader of the party.” Despite Nawaz Sharif’s legal woes, the 68-year-old has maintained a tight grip on the party. Shahbaz, 66, chief minister of the vast province of Punjab, has built a reputation as a competent administrator who gets things done, especially infrastructure mega projects that are the cornerstone of the party’s electoral appeal. Relations between the ruling party and the judiciary have plummeted since Sharif’s ouster in July, with several party officials facing contempt of court notices. Sharif and party officials have painted the Supreme Court verdicts as judicial overreach and a political conspiracy, insinuating that elements of Pakistan’s powerful military establishment are working against the party because Sharif challenged their power. The military denies playing a role. When the Supreme Court ruled against Sharif and ordered his removal from the post of party leader, the verdict also barred Sharif’s chosen candidates from contesting next week’s senate elections under the party banner. The court order overturned a legal amendment by party lawmakers allowing Sharif to stay party president despite being disqualified from public office by the Supreme Court for failing to declare monthly income of 10,000 Emirati dirham ($2,723) from a company owned by his son. Sharif had served as prime minister twice before and each time was removed from office - in 1993 by a presidential order, and in 1999, by a military coup that saw him jailed and later exiled before he returned when General Pervez Musharraf stepped down. 
968442954670071808	2018-02-27 11:09:27	https://t.co/LBtrVKJRjg	U.N. says no halt to fighting in Syria's eastern Ghouta despite Russian truce https://t.co/LBtrVKJRjg	 BEIRUT/GENEVA (Reuters) - A Russian call for a five-hour truce on Tuesday failed to halt one of the most devastating campaigns of the Syrian war, where residents said government warplanes resumed striking the eastern Ghouta region after a brief lull. Diplomatic sources meanwhile said the chemical weapons watchdog, the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, opened an investigation into attacks in eastern Ghouta to determine whether banned munitions were used. Political leaders in France, the United States and Britain said this month they would back targeted military action against Damascus if there were proof chemical weapons had been used by forces under President Bashar al-Assad, Russia’s ally. Moscow and Damascus blamed rebels for the collapse of the truce, saying fighters had shelled a safe route intended for civilians to leave the enclave. The insurgents denied such shelling, and a senior U.S. general accused Moscow acting as“both arsonist and firefighter” by failing to rein in Assad. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said Moscow would press on with a plan to stage similar daily pauses in the fighting, allowing aid to be delivered to eastern Ghouta through what Russia describes as a humanitarian corridor. But the United Nations said it was proving impossible to aid civilians or evacuate wounded, and said all sides must instead abide by a 30-day truce sought by the U.N. Security Council. “We have reports this morning there is continuous fighting in eastern Ghouta,” U.N. humanitarian spokesman Jens Laerke said.“Clearly the situation on the ground is not such that convoys can go in or medical evacuations can go out.” Hundreds of people have died during 10 days of government bombardment of the eastern Ghouta, an area of towns and farms on the outskirts of Damascus. The assault has been among the most devastating air campaigns of a war now entering its eighth year. The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) said it was ready to access eastern Ghouta to deliver life-saving aid, but the proposed five-hour pause was too short. Without mentioning Russia, the author of the proposal, ICRC Middle East director Robert Mardini said humanitarian corridors had to be well-planned and agreed to by all warring sides, while people should be allowed to leave of their own free will. With its Ghouta offensive, the Syrian government is drawing on the military methods it has used to crush its opponents in other parts of Syria, including eastern Aleppo in late 2016. Intensifying bombardment of the besieged area has been coupled with probing ground assaults to test rebel defenses. With no sign of decisive international pressure to stop the attack, eastern Ghouta seems likely to meet the same fate as other areas won back by the government, where humanitarian corridors eventually became escape routes for defeated rebels. “A concrete humanitarian corridor has been set up that will be used to deliver humanitarian aid, and, in the other direction, a medical evacuation can take place and all civilians who want to leave can,” Lavrov told a joint news conference in Moscow after meeting French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian. But the local branch of the opposition Syrian Interim Government’s Ministry of Health dismissed Russia’s truce call as a ploy to circumvent the U.N. month-long ceasefire resolution. The call in effect offered residents a choice between“death under bombardment” or a forced displacement, it said, calling on the United Nations to send in relief aid immediately. U.S. Army General Joseph Votel accused Russia of playing a destabilizing role in Syria as“both arsonist and firefighter”, saying Moscow had failed to rein in its Syrian ally. “I think either Russia has to admit that it is not capable, or it doesn’t want to play a role in ending the Syrian conflict. I think their role is incredibly destabilizing at this point.” Russia’s military said rebels in eastern Ghouta started new offensives with intense artillery and gun fire after midday, Interfax news agency reported citing a Russian general. Residents in several towns in the eastern Ghouta described a brief pause in fighting, but said bombardment swiftly resumed. In Hammouriyeh town a man who identified himself as Mahmoud said helicopters and planes were in the sky and conducting strikes. Siraj Mahmoud, a spokesman for the Civil Defence rescue service, which is funded by Western governments and operates in rebel areas, said artillery and air strikes had hit the region. The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group said helicopters and warplanes had struck four towns and artillery shelling killed one person. A U.N. Security Council resolution passed on Saturday called for a 30-day ceasefire across the entire country, but did not specify when it should start. It excludes some militant groups which are among the rebels in eastern Ghouta. That has meant the ceasefire has not been observed in practice. U.N. spokesman Laerke declined to comment on the Russian proposal for a five-hour truce, but called instead on all sides to obey the full 30-day ceasefire. “It is a question life and death ... we need a 30-day cessation of hostilities in Syria as the Security Council demands,” Laerke, of the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Assistance, told a Geneva briefing. A rebel spokesman said people in eastern Ghouta did not want to leave the area despite the bombardment, because they feared arrest, torture or conscription by the government. Russia said it would guarantee the safety of any civilians who left. Eastern Ghouta, where the United Nations says around 400,000 people live, is a major target for Assad, whose forces have clawed back numerous areas with military backing from Russia and Iran. Rebels based in eastern Ghouta have intensified shelling of government-held Damascus. A medical official in the capital said on Monday 36 people had been killed in four days. Syrian state media reported eight people hurt by rebel shelling on Tuesday. Damascus and Moscow say the campaign in eastern Ghouta is needed to halt such shelling. The multi-sided Syrian war has killed hundreds of thousands of people and driven half of the pre-war population of 23 million from their homes. Fighting has escalated on several fronts this year, with the collapse of Islamic State giving rise to conflict between other Syrian and foreign parties. As Assad has pressed the offensive against eastern Ghouta, Turkey has launched an incursion against Kurdish fighters in the northwestern Afrin region. Tensions have also flared between Iran and Israel, alarmed by Tehran’s influence in Syria. Syrian air defenses shot down an Israeli F-16 earlier this month as it returned from a bombing raid on Iran-backed positions in Syria. Diplomatic sources said the OPCW would examine attacks including one on Sunday which health authorities said killed a child and caused symptoms consistent with chlorine gas exposure. Opposition-held areas in Eastern Ghouta were the scene of chemical attacks in 2013 in which hundreds of civilians were killed in the deadliest use of chemical weapons in decades. 
968442954623934464	2018-02-27 11:09:27	https://t.co/0yLvBzq7ie	Czech court orders release of Syrian Kurd leader despite Turkish extradition call https://t.co/0yLvBzq7ie	 PRAGUE (Reuters) - A Czech court on Tuesday ordered the release of a Syrian Kurdish leader, causing a diplomatic row with Turkey which had sought his detention pending an extradition request. Saleh Muslim formerly headed the PYD, the major component of a coalition that governs Kurdish-held areas of northern Syria and deemed a terrorist organization by Turkey. He was detained in Prague at the weekend at the request of Ankara, which accuses him of aggravated murder and disrupting the Turkish state. “The court ruled Mr. Muslim will be released,” said Marketa Puci, a spokeswoman for the Prague Municipal Court. She said the court ruling had taken effect as both the state attorney and the defense gave up their rights to appeal. The decision means Turkey can file an extradition request within a 40-day period, but Muslim is free to leave the country. He told the court he would remain on European Union territory and cooperate in further proceedings. Assessment of an extradition request can take months and if courts find it acceptable, the final decision rests with the Czech justice minister. Muslim said allegations against him were false and that he was surprised by his detention, given he had previously traveled to Belgium, Germany and France. “Nobody was taking it (charges by Turkey) seriously, I didn’t know they would take it seriously here,” Muslim said.“First of all, I am a citizen of Syria, I am not a citizen of Turkey, second thing, I am a politician.” Muslim said he had not yet decided where he would go next, but said he had permission to reside in EU-member Finland. Turkey described the court ruling as political and against international law.“It is a decision that is a very clear support for terror. The decision will negatively impact relations between Turkey and the Czech Republic,” Turkish government spokesman Bekir Bozdag said. The Czech Foreign Ministry said any extradition request would be handled according to an international convention and law.“The Czech Republic strongly rejects any accusation of support of international terrorism,” it said in a statement. Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said Turkey would follow Muslim“wherever he goes”. Turkey’s Ambassador to Prague, Ahmet Necati Bigali, said the decision was“not befitting our friendship with the Czech Republic. This decision has surely cast a shadow over our relations.” Turkey launched a military offensive last month in Syria’s Afrin region against the Kurdish YPG militia, the PYD’s armed affiliate, which it deems a menace along its border. Ankara sees the PYD and YPG as extensions of the outlawed Kurdish PKK movement which has waged a decades-long insurgency on Turkish soil. The groups say they are independent. Muslim is on a“wanted terrorists” list on the Turkish Interior Ministry’s website, accused of links to two bombings in Ankara that killed dozens of people. 
968438953836711937	2018-02-27 10:53:33	https://t.co/1Y4KD7uXL0	Sri Lanka shops, mosque damaged in Buddhist-Muslim clash https://t.co/1Y4KD7uXL0	 COLOMBO (Reuters) - At least five people were wounded and several shops and a mosque damaged in a clash between majority Sinhalese Buddhists and minority Muslims in eastern Sri Lanka, police said on Tuesday. Renewed tension has been growing between the two communities since last year, with some hardline Buddhist groups accusing Muslims of forcing people to convert to Islam and vandalizing Buddhist archaeological sites. Police had been deployed in the eastern town of Ampara to control the unrest after a Sinhalese mob attacked a mosque, four shops and several vehicles late on Monday, spokesman Ruwan Gunasekara said. Gunasekara said no arrests had been made so far. The Muslim Council of Sri Lanka (MCSL), an umbrella body that includes most Muslim organizations in the country, condemned the attack and requested the government to conduct an impartial inquiry into it and arrest the perpetrators. “The government has the sole responsibility to ensure the safety and security of all its citizens irrespective of religious belief, caste or ethnicity,” the Council said in a statement. “This form of mob violence is continuing to grow and Muslim business establishments are targeted.” Last year, diplomats condemned violence against Muslims and urged the government to uphold minority rights and freedom of religion after more than 20 attacks on Muslims, including arson at Muslim-owned businesses and mosques. President Maithripala Sirisena and Prime Minister Ranil Wickremasinghe have promised to protect minorities, but attacks against Muslims have continued. Muslims comprise about nine percent of Sri Lanka’s population of 21 million. Buddhists make up about 70 percent and Hindus about 13 percent. The government ended a full-blown 26-year civil war by defeating mostly Hindu Tamil Tiger rebels in 2009, with claims of atrocities on both sides. The United Nations criticized Sri Lanka last year for slow progress in addressing war crimes and human rights abuses. The United Nations and rights activists have accused the Sri Lankan military of killing thousands of civilians, mostly Tamils, in the last weeks of the war. 
968435932096552961	2018-02-27 10:41:33	https://t.co/O0oGA6DwIJ	South Korea says sanctions do not aim to bring down North Korea https://t.co/O0oGA6DwIJ	 GENEVA (Reuters) - Sanctions on North Korea aim to pressure it to abandon its nuclear ambitions, not to“bring down” the country, South Korean Foreign Minister Kang Kyung-wha told the U.N. Conference on Disarmament on Tuesday. But North Korea’s envoy, addressing the same gathering, dismissed sanctions as ineffective and said plans by Seoul and Washington to resume joint military exercises would harm“the current positive process of improved inter-Korean relations”. “Sanctions are not an end in themselves and not meant to bring down North Korea but to make it understand that its future lies not in nuclear weapons but in working with the global community towards denuclearisation,” Kang said. “Our consistent message should be that it (North Korea) must make the right decision. And if it does, we are ready to work together towards a brighter and prosperous future for North Korea,” Kang told the Geneva forum. North Korean ambassador Han Tae Song accused the United States of engaging in“dangerous moves” that threatened inter-Korean relations that had improved since the Olympic Games in Pyeongchang, South Korea. “The U.S. should be aware that sanction and pressure will never threaten DPRK and never work,” Han said. The DPRK is the acronym of the country’s official name, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. Han urged the Trump administration to“stop all provocations that escalate tensions, including deployment of nuclear assets around the Korean peninsula”, as well as the joint military exercises that he said undermined regional peace and security. U.S. disarmament ambassador Robert Wood told the forum that Washington would never recognize North Korea as a nuclear weapon state.“So it needs to stop this demand. It will not happen.” Instead, North Korea must respond to the demands of the international community for it to halt its banned weapons programs, Wood said. Manabu Horii, Japan’s Parliamentary Vice-Minister for Foreign Affairs, also struck a tough note, saying North Korea’s nuclear tests and ballistic missile launches were unacceptable. “We should not be blinded by North Korea’s charm offensive,” he said, referring to its participation in the Winter Olympics. 
968433922412634112	2018-02-27 10:33:34	https://t.co/KqLkzx7NUP	French rail unions gear up for strike action over reform plans https://t.co/KqLkzx7NUP	 PARIS (Reuters) - French unions met on Tuesday to coordinate their opposition to President Emmanuel Macron’s plans to reform the French national SNCF railway, but stopped short of an immediate strike call. Instead, rail workers’ representatives warned the government of industrial action if it goes ahead with plans to introduce the reforms by decree, bypassing parliamentary debate. SNCF unions were instrumental in engineering the last retreat by a French government on major economic reforms when, in 1995, they led three weeks of strikes that forced then Prime Minister Alain Juppe to resign. “The message is that if there’s a plan (for decrees) tabled in cabinet, there will be a call issued for rolling strikes,” Sud-Rail official Erik Meyer said after the meeting with CGT, Unsa and CFDT counterparts. The unions are threatening action over reform plans that would scrap the job-for-life guarantees enjoyed by workers since the railways’ 1930s nationalization. But opinion polls suggest President Macron so far has the public on his side, with 69 percent support for more flexible contracts. The center-left CFDT union, which had initially proposed a March 14 strike call, agreed instead on plans to meet again the following day, when coordinated action could still be decided. Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire had urged unions to reconsider, saying the SNCF could not go on losing 3 billion euros ($3.7 billion) a year and struggling under debts of 45 billion euros. ($1 = 0.8108 euros) 
968430257262006272	2018-02-27 10:19:00	https://t.co/ICABd7gRzA	Exclusive: Chemical weapons watchdog investigates Ghouta attacks - sources https://t.co/ICABd7gRzA	 AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - The world’s chemical weapons watchdog opened an investigation on Sunday into attacks in the besieged, rebel-held Syrian region of eastern Ghouta to determine whether banned munitions had been used, diplomatic sources told Reuters. The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) will examine attacks including one on Sunday which health authorities said killed a child and caused symptoms consistent with exposure to chlorine gas, the sources said. Political leaders in France, the United States and United Kingdom said this month they would back targeted military action against Damascus if there were proof chemical weapons had been used by forces under President Bashar al-Assad. The investigation by the OPCW fact-finding team comes as Syrian warplanes continued to strike eastern Ghouta on Tuesday, despite a Russian call for a five-hour daily truce to allow the 400,000 people living there under siege to leave. The sources spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not permitted to discuss the operation in public. Use of chlorine as a chemical weapons is prohibited under the 1997 Chemical Weapons Convention. If inhaled, chlorine gas turns into hydrochloric acid in the lungs and the build-up of fluids can drown victims. The latest OPCW mission is seeking to determine whether chemical weapons were used in violation of the international weapons convention, which Syria signed in 2013 after hundreds died in a massive sarin gas attack in Ghouta. The OPCW will not assign blame. “OPCW’s technical secretariat continues to examine all credible allegations of chemical weapons use, reported by media or other sources, including the most recent allegations,” it said when asked about the investigation into the Ghouta attacks. The OPCW team does not plan to travel to Ghouta because of safety concerns - two visits by inspectors in 2013 and 2014 were ambushed - but will gather witness testimony, photographic and video evidence, and interview medical experts, the sources said. A U.N.-OPCW Joint Investigative Mechanism, established by the United Nations to identify those behind chemical weapons attacks, concluded in 2016 that Syrian government forces had used chlorine on three occasions. It also concluded last year that Syrian government forces were behind a sarin nerve agent attack on the town of Khan Sheikhoun that killed more than 80 people, many of them women and children. The United States fired 59 cruise missiles at Syria’s Shayrat airbase in April, saying it had been used by Assad’s forces to carry out the sarin attack. Syria and its close ally Russia, which provides military support to Assad’s forces, deny using chemical weapons and blame insurgents. The use of chemical weapons has become systematic in Syria’s seven-year war, but political rifts between Western powers and Russia have hamstrung the United Nations and the OPCW, leaving them unable to act against violations of international law. A renewal of the joint U.N.-OPCW mission’s mandate was vetoed by Moscow at the U.N. Security Council. GRAPHIC: Chemical weapons: tmsnrt.rs/2pKDWOY 
968425235153383424	2018-02-27 09:59:03	https://t.co/1ptCV6BMuT	Microsoft clashes with Justice Department at U.S. Supreme Court https://t.co/1ptCV6BMuT $MSFT https://t.co/8t3kD86DDv	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Supreme Court justices on Tuesday wrestled with Microsoft Corp’s dispute with the U.S. Justice Department over whether prosecutors can force technology companies to hand over data stored overseas, with some signaling support for the government and others urging Congress to pass a law to resolve the issue. Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Samuel Alito, both conservatives, indicated sympathy during an hour-long argument in the case toward the Justice Department’s stance that because Microsoft is based in the United States it was obligated to turn over data held abroad sought by prosecutors in a U.S. warrant. Liberal justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Sonia Sotomayor questioned whether the court needed to act in the closely watched case in light of Congress now considering bipartisan legislation that would resolve the legal issue. The case began when Microsoft balked at handing over a criminal suspect’s emails stored in Microsoft computer servers in Dublin in a drug trafficking case. Microsoft challenged whether a domestic warrant covered data stored abroad. A ruling is due by the end of June, giving Congress little time to act. “Wouldn’t it be wiser to say let’s leave things as they are. If Congress wants to regulate in this‘Brave New World,’ it should do it,” Ginsburg said. Alito agreed that Congress should act but added that“in the interim, something has to be done.” If the court were to rule in favor of Microsoft and Congress does not amend the 1986 law at issue in the case, Alito wondered how the government could quickly obtain information in a major criminal investigation in which data is held overseas, potentially in several different countries. “What happens in that situation?” Alito asked. Roberts appeared concerned that companies like Microsoft could enable customers to evade the reach of U.S. prosecutors by deliberately storing data overseas. Microsoft“might gain customers if you can assure them, no matter what happens, the government won’t be able to get access to their e-mails,” Roberts said. The company’s lawyer, Joshua Rosenkranz, responded that customers already know that other services existed that provided stronger privacy guarantees. “If customers do not want their e-mails to be seized by the government, they don’t use Microsoft’s services,” Rosenkranz said. The case highlights the friction between tech companies and privacy advocates desiring to protect customer data and law enforcement wanting information vital to criminal and counterterrorism investigations. The New York-based 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in 2016 sided with Microsoft, handing a victory to tech firms that increasingly offer cloud computing services in which data is stored remotely. President Donald Trump’s administration appealed that ruling to the Supreme Court. The appeals court said the emails were beyond the reach of domestic search warrants obtained under a federal law called the 1986 Stored Communications Act. Bipartisan legislation has been introduced in Congress to update the 1986 statute, a move backed by both Microsoft and the administration. The bill would let U.S. judges issue warrants while giving companies an avenue to object if the request conflicts with foreign law. Passage of the bill likely would render the case moot. Senator Orrin Hatch, a Republican who has led the efforts to rework the law, was in the courtroom to hear Tuesday’s argument. He said in a statement afterward that his bill would resolve the legal question while balancing law enforcement and privacy interests. “This commonsense legislation has the full-throated support of both law enforcement and the tech community and deserves swift enactment,” Hatch added. Globally dominant American tech companies have expressed concern that customers will go elsewhere if they think the U.S. government’s reach extends to data centers all around the world without changes being made to the law. Microsoft, which has 100 data centers in 40 countries, was the first American company to challenge a domestic search warrant seeking data held outside the United States. The Microsoft customer whose emails were sought told the company he was based in Ireland when he signed up for his account. Other companies including IBM Corp, Amazon.com Inc, Apple Inc, Verizon Communications Inc and Alphabet Inc’s Google filed court papers backing Microsoft. Several foreign governments, including Ireland and Britain, filed court papers raising concerns about the U.S. government’s position. The administration has the support of 35 states led by Vermont. 
968423467539488770	2018-02-27 09:52:01	https://t.co/izYi2naur3	U.S. telecom agency plans new spectrum auction to speed 5G networks https://t.co/izYi2naur3 reports… https://t.co/0V92gZGIU1	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The chairman of the Federal Communications Commission said on Monday the agency plans to launch new auctions of high-band spectrum starting later this year, to speed the launch of next-generation 5G networks. FCC Chairman Ajit Pai said in a speech in Barcelona, Spain, that he plans to hold an auction of spectrum in the 28 GHz band in November, followed immediately by an auction of spectrum in the 24 GHz band, but must first get congressional approval by May 13 to proceed. “We aspire to lead the world in 5G,” Pai said at the Mobile World Congress.“I am hopeful that we’ll be able to kick off a major spectrum auction in November.” Republicans praised the planned auctions. “The race to 5G is a sprint, not a marathon, and the proposed spectrum auctions will help ensure the United States remains at the forefront of this emerging technology,” said U.S. House Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman Greg Walden and Representative Marsha Blackburn in a joint statement. Walden’s panel unanimously approved a bill this month allowing the FCC to deposit upfront payments from spectrum bidders with the U.S. Treasury. Under current law, the FCC must deposit such payments with private banks in interest-bearing accounts, but current regulations make that impossible. Carriers have spent billions of dollars acquiring spectrum and beginning to develop and test 5G networks, which are expected to be at least 100 times faster than current 4G networks and cut latency to less than one thousandth of a second from one hundredth of a second in 4G, the FCC has said. The technology could allow for eventual virtual surgery or controlling machines remotely and 5G networks allow for use of new bands of spectrum for mobile broadband. Verizon Communications Inc has announced it will begin its first 5G commercial rollout in Sacramento, California, in the second half of 2018, Pai noted. AT&T Inc earlier this month announced its first 5G commercial rollouts launch in Atlanta, Georgia, and Dallas and Waco, Texas, planned for later this year. Last week, the FCC granted to Samsung Electronics Co the world’s first regulatory approval of 28 GHz base stations, which will be used for Verizon’s planned 5G launch. CTIA, a U.S. trade group, said the“wireless industry needs the certainty of a spectrum pipeline, and Chairman Pai’s commitment is a critical next step to meeting the United States’ 5G ambitions.” 
968420972557754368	2018-02-27 09:42:06	https://t.co/C8oMi2Cqmo	From @ReutersOpinion: Even in world’s oldest democracies, citizens may be losing control https://t.co/C8oMi2Cqmo https://t.co/ZtgNaTsFIZ	 We know by now what illiberal democracies are. They are countries like Russia, Hungary and Poland, where the formal rules of democratic elections are preserved – though at times with credible claims of vote-rigging, especially in Russia – but where an authoritarian government so dominates the political and social space, so weakens the institutions of civil society, the news media, and the academy, and so plays on popular fears of foreigners and internal minorities, that choice is effectively skewed in one direction. They are illiberal, it’s often claimed, because there is no depth to the democracy. When democratic procedures were adopted by the Eastern and Central European states following the collapse of communist rule in the Soviet Union and the countries of the Soviet bloc from the end of the 1980s, they were overlaid on populations with no previous experience of civic participation, and little understanding of democratic principles. Few of these states have had any more than a brief and often crisis-ridden experience of a polity in which democracy, rule of law and respect for independent institutions were the norm. Today, it seems, old spectres are emerging from their temporary entombment, as anti-Semitism rises again, and recent social and sexual shifts in both law and public opinion in Western states – such as acceptance of same-sex marriages – are shunned. But there’s a new descriptive phrase for our present condition, which is disorienting for those of us who live in societies which do have a substantial democratic history. It is “undemocratic liberalism,” and it comes, like much else that is new, from a Harvard professor, Yascha Mounk, whose book, “People vs. Democracy,” portrays the power of the electorate – assumed to be the final decider in Western societies – as increasingly undercut by special interests and elite maneuvering. In an article for The Atlantic, boldly titled “America is Not a Democracy,” Mounk, citing recent research by political scientists Martin Gilens and Benjamin Page, argued that “economic elites and narrow interest groups … succeeded in getting their favored policies adopted about half of the time…as for the views of ordinary citizens, they had virtually no independent effect at all.” The claim has received dismal underpinning this past week. The massacre of 17 people at a Florida high school caused an outcry by those Americans who support more gun control. A Gallup poll late last year found that a majority of Americans support stronger gun control and, though it is unlikely to be placated by President Trump’s suggestion that teachers be armed, it is unlikely to prevail, once this latest tragedy recedes from memories. Another Harvard professor, Dani Rodrik, has taken Mounk’s conclusion a step further: he believes that bureaucracy and technocracy are now replacing meaningful democratic decision-making. The European Union, he writes, is a prime example of this phenomenon: “decision-making increasingly takes place at considerable distance from the public…the Brexiteers’ call to ‘take back control’ captured the frustration many European voters feel.” The U.S. gun lobby and the National Rifle Association – which was a major contributor to President Trump’s campaign – are perennial and common targets for liberals. But Mounk’s and Rodrik’s warnings point to liberal elites (such as that which created and runs the EU) – economists, financial institutions, policy institutions and even academics – as well.“When elites have sufficient power,” writes Rodrik, “they have little interest in reflecting the preferences of the public at large.” The Brexit campaign was conducted under the slogan of“Take Back Control,” one that seemed to resonate strongly enough to obtain a majority in a country where most politicians and nearly all experts (though not most of the news media) were arguing for Remain (in the EU). Taking back control, for people everywhere, is a message in a bottle which they can fill with their own meaning: for it is a condition of our contemporary lives that control seems to be what we are losing. For an older generation – and for many in all generations – the advent of and our increasing envelopment within a digital universe is deeply puzzling. A UK poll in September 2016 showed that nine out of ten citizens did not know what companies did with the data they had (sometimes unknowingly) shared when they conducted transactions on the internet. A bewildering array of threats to one’s privacy enter into our lives through social media – local and personal examples of the alleged Russian invasions of election campaigns in North America and Europe. Discussion of the future revolves increasingly around dystopian visions, such as that put forth by Yuval Harari in Homo Deus, which describes a world where a minority of human “gods,” possessed of enormously augmented capacities which artificial intelligence (AI) has bequeathed them, rule the majority of the ignorant masses. “Once artificial intelligence surpasses human intelligence,” Harari writes, “it might simply exterminate mankind.” At a few steps back from our fate at the hands of machines we’ve fashioned are the forecasts of mass unemployment – also a result of artificial intelligence, the kind which drives our cars (before killing us). Influential voices – such as Moshe Vardi, professor of computational engineering at Rice University, and the theoretical physicist Stephen Hawking – forecast tens of millions of jobs lost: this time, it seems, the substitution of old work by new work won’t…work. What to make of this? Though AI may, in the pessimists’ view, may eventually make every kind of job, from carpenter to consultant, obsolete, it’s the working-class jobs that will go first. Self-driving trucks will throw truckers out of millions of cabs: are there enough hamburgers to flip to take up the slack (and will hamburger-flipping anyway not already be done by bright young robots?) Thus those who already feel least in control of their lives and the world around them now believe a world still more radically insecure awaits them and their children – even if the latter get a university education. From the way in which our supposedly democratic societies function, to the future of our children and ourselves, someone – or something – now seems to have pre-empted our efforts to freely choose, and to have stilled our voices. The often well-meaning substitution by technology of human actions and voices which, together, had caused or demanded change is the underlying political dilemma of our times. Our current quandary is vast, complex and demanding of radical solutions – just when politics seem at their weakest. 
968420459988553728	2018-02-27 09:40:04	https://t.co/HyaJGJEBcw	Disney boss Iger declines to comment on Comcast's bid for Sky https://t.co/HyaJGJEBcw https://t.co/O80SDfFfdF	 PARIS (Reuters) - Bob Iger, the chief executive of Walt Disney (DIS.N), declined to make any comment to reporters on Tuesday regarding Comcast’s (CMCSA.O) $31 billion bid for Sky (SKYB.L). Iger was in Paris on a business trip and was meeting French President Emmanuel Macron. Comcast is challenging Rupert Murdoch’s Fox and Iger’s Walt Disney for Sky, seen as a European pay-TV jewel. 
968415112859127808	2018-02-27 09:18:49	https://t.co/qRgkyFYbJu	Scotland says won't consent to Brexit bill after latest UK offer https://t.co/qRgkyFYbJu	 EDINBURGH (Reuters) - The Scottish and Welsh governments said on Tuesday they will introduce bills into their parliaments aimed at keeping regional powers that come back from Brussels after Brexit, in a move that could complicate British plans to leave the EU. The bills are to be debated by the devolved parliaments in the coming days. Several powers which have been devolved onto the regional governments, such as agriculture and fisheries, are administered from Brussels because they fall within EU frameworks. But after Brexit those powers will come back to Britain, and Scotland and Wales want to make sure they stay within the remit of regional parliaments and do not just revert to the British government. The sides are currently negotiating exactly how the powers will be returned, but have reached a stumbling block. The coming regional bills are designed as a back-up in case no deal can be reached. It was not immediately clear what legal weight the Scottish and Welsh bills would have, but the process of establishing whether they are binding could take weeks or even months, while the British government has limited time before Brexit day in a year’s time. The British government needs a deal with Scotland and Wales before the summer in order to pass the European Union (Withdrawal) Bill in Britain’s national parliament. Although Britain’s devolved parliaments do not have a veto on Brexit legislation, ignoring their wishes has worsened already strained relations and may stoke nationalism in Scotland, further complicating the EU withdrawal process. Scotland and Wales say that the British Brexit withdrawal bill makes a mockery of two decades of power-sharing agreements. “The EU (Withdrawal) Bill, as currently drafted, would allow the UK government to take control of laws and policy areas that are devolved. This is simply not acceptable to the Welsh government, or the people of Wales who have voted for devolution in two referendums,” the Welsh government said. Prime Minister Theresa May’s government says it wants to make unspecified exceptions to their powers where it deems it necessary for overall British unity, and that is the stumbling block in talks. By introducing its own bill now, the Scottish government can ensure enough time for it to be made effective before Brexit legislation is passed in Britain’s national parliament in London, the Scottish bill said. It added:“It is a bill which prepares Scotland’s devolved laws for the UK’s withdrawal from the European Union. This means that EU laws currently in force will be retained after withdrawal and the Scottish government will be given the tools needed to make sure these laws keep working after withdrawal.” The Scottish challenge to Prime Minister Theresa May’s authority comes after her government indicated on Monday it would go no further in offering concessions to Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland in reaching agreement over the EU (Withdrawal) Bill. Scotland’s first minister said earlier that the Scottish parliament would not consent to the UK legislation as it stands. “I will not sign up to something that effectively undermines the whole foundation on which devolution is built,” Nicola Sturgeon told BBC radio. 
968413887358996480	2018-02-27 09:13:57	https://t.co/tPaKuDILPm	Uneasy calm in Syria's Ghouta as Russian-backed truce begins https://t.co/tPaKuDILPm	 BEIRUT/GENEVA (Reuters) - A Russian call for a five-hour truce on Tuesday failed to halt one of the most devastating campaigns of the Syrian war, where residents said government warplanes resumed striking the eastern Ghouta region after a brief lull. Diplomatic sources meanwhile said the chemical weapons watchdog, the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, opened an investigation into attacks in eastern Ghouta to determine whether banned munitions were used. Political leaders in France, the United States and Britain said this month they would back targeted military action against Damascus if there were proof chemical weapons had been used by forces under President Bashar al-Assad, Russia’s ally. Moscow and Damascus blamed rebels for the collapse of the truce, saying fighters had shelled a safe route intended for civilians to leave the enclave. The insurgents denied such shelling, and a senior U.S. general accused Moscow acting as“both arsonist and firefighter” by failing to rein in Assad. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said Moscow would press on with a plan to stage similar daily pauses in the fighting, allowing aid to be delivered to eastern Ghouta through what Russia describes as a humanitarian corridor. But the United Nations said it was proving impossible to aid civilians or evacuate wounded, and said all sides must instead abide by a 30-day truce sought by the U.N. Security Council. “We have reports this morning there is continuous fighting in eastern Ghouta,” U.N. humanitarian spokesman Jens Laerke said.“Clearly the situation on the ground is not such that convoys can go in or medical evacuations can go out.” Hundreds of people have died during 10 days of government bombardment of the eastern Ghouta, an area of towns and farms on the outskirts of Damascus. The assault has been among the most devastating air campaigns of a war now entering its eighth year. The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) said it was ready to access eastern Ghouta to deliver life-saving aid, but the proposed five-hour pause was too short. Without mentioning Russia, the author of the proposal, ICRC Middle East director Robert Mardini said humanitarian corridors had to be well-planned and agreed to by all warring sides, while people should be allowed to leave of their own free will. With its Ghouta offensive, the Syrian government is drawing on the military methods it has used to crush its opponents in other parts of Syria, including eastern Aleppo in late 2016. Intensifying bombardment of the besieged area has been coupled with probing ground assaults to test rebel defenses. With no sign of decisive international pressure to stop the attack, eastern Ghouta seems likely to meet the same fate as other areas won back by the government, where humanitarian corridors eventually became escape routes for defeated rebels. “A concrete humanitarian corridor has been set up that will be used to deliver humanitarian aid, and, in the other direction, a medical evacuation can take place and all civilians who want to leave can,” Lavrov told a joint news conference in Moscow after meeting French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian. But the local branch of the opposition Syrian Interim Government’s Ministry of Health dismissed Russia’s truce call as a ploy to circumvent the U.N. month-long ceasefire resolution. The call in effect offered residents a choice between“death under bombardment” or a forced displacement, it said, calling on the United Nations to send in relief aid immediately. U.S. Army General Joseph Votel accused Russia of playing a destabilizing role in Syria as“both arsonist and firefighter”, saying Moscow had failed to rein in its Syrian ally. “I think either Russia has to admit that it is not capable, or it doesn’t want to play a role in ending the Syrian conflict. I think their role is incredibly destabilizing at this point.” Russia’s military said rebels in eastern Ghouta started new offensives with intense artillery and gun fire after midday, Interfax news agency reported citing a Russian general. Residents in several towns in the eastern Ghouta described a brief pause in fighting, but said bombardment swiftly resumed. In Hammouriyeh town a man who identified himself as Mahmoud said helicopters and planes were in the sky and conducting strikes. Siraj Mahmoud, a spokesman for the Civil Defence rescue service, which is funded by Western governments and operates in rebel areas, said artillery and air strikes had hit the region. The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group said helicopters and warplanes had struck four towns and artillery shelling killed one person. A U.N. Security Council resolution passed on Saturday called for a 30-day ceasefire across the entire country, but did not specify when it should start. It excludes some militant groups which are among the rebels in eastern Ghouta. That has meant the ceasefire has not been observed in practice. U.N. spokesman Laerke declined to comment on the Russian proposal for a five-hour truce, but called instead on all sides to obey the full 30-day ceasefire. “It is a question life and death ... we need a 30-day cessation of hostilities in Syria as the Security Council demands,” Laerke, of the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Assistance, told a Geneva briefing. A rebel spokesman said people in eastern Ghouta did not want to leave the area despite the bombardment, because they feared arrest, torture or conscription by the government. Russia said it would guarantee the safety of any civilians who left. Eastern Ghouta, where the United Nations says around 400,000 people live, is a major target for Assad, whose forces have clawed back numerous areas with military backing from Russia and Iran. Rebels based in eastern Ghouta have intensified shelling of government-held Damascus. A medical official in the capital said on Monday 36 people had been killed in four days. Syrian state media reported eight people hurt by rebel shelling on Tuesday. Damascus and Moscow say the campaign in eastern Ghouta is needed to halt such shelling. The multi-sided Syrian war has killed hundreds of thousands of people and driven half of the pre-war population of 23 million from their homes. Fighting has escalated on several fronts this year, with the collapse of Islamic State giving rise to conflict between other Syrian and foreign parties. As Assad has pressed the offensive against eastern Ghouta, Turkey has launched an incursion against Kurdish fighters in the northwestern Afrin region. Tensions have also flared between Iran and Israel, alarmed by Tehran’s influence in Syria. Syrian air defenses shot down an Israeli F-16 earlier this month as it returned from a bombing raid on Iran-backed positions in Syria. Diplomatic sources said the OPCW would examine attacks including one on Sunday which health authorities said killed a child and caused symptoms consistent with chlorine gas exposure. Opposition-held areas in Eastern Ghouta were the scene of chemical attacks in 2013 in which hundreds of civilians were killed in the deadliest use of chemical weapons in decades. 
968413887178723328	2018-02-27 09:13:57	https://t.co/YASZqtqkPD	Poland more open to discuss EU concerns: German EU minister https://t.co/YASZqtqkPD	 BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Western EU states told Poland on Tuesday that time was running out for it to address concerns in a dispute over democratic freedoms, but held off from further action as a deadline for a response from Warsaw approaches. In a long-running and bruising clash, the executive European Commission has accused Poland’s nationalist Law and Justice (PiS) party of undermining the rule of law with reforms to the judiciary and state media since taking power in late 2015. After repeatedly declining to backtrack on its judicial reforms, Warsaw has now sat down to negotiations as paralell talks on the bloc’s next joint budget starting in 2021 get under way. EU ministers held their third debate on the matter in Brussels on Tuesday, with Germany and France warning Poland against using discussions with the Commission as a smokescreen. “The clock is ticking. The European Commission and a series of EU members are very concerned about the rule of law situation, particularly the independence of the judiciary,” said Michael Roth, Germany’s minister for EU affairs. “In recent days I have noticed positive signals of willingness (from Poland) to engage in dialogue. That’s an important point, but at the end it’s not about promises but concrete acts,” Roth told reporters. Brussels has recommended that the bloc launch an unprecedented Article 7 punitive procedure against Warsaw - which could lead to suspending Poland’s voting rights in the EU - unless it concedes ground by March 20. Poland’s Deputy Foreign Minister Konrad Szymanski said Warsaw would soon publish an explanation of some 13 laws PiS has passed on the court system to demonstrate to other EU states it acted to rid Poland of the vestiges of communist rule. “We expect member states to make their own assessment of this situation and really consider whether there is any serious risk of a serious breach of the rule of law. In our view, there is no such serious risk,” he said. The Commission and the bloc’s founding members - which include the Netherlands, Belgium, Luxembourg and Italy as well as France and Germany - say the PiS measures risk undermining the EU’s internal market and judicial cooperation. “The need for reform of the judiciary can never be an excuse to enhance political control over the judiciary. The judiciary should be independent. The separation of powers is a fundamental principle,” Commission deputy head Frans Timmermans said. Timmermans said he would assess the new Polish document when it comes to see whether it was promising enough to continue talks, or else ask EU states to take action against Warsaw. Stripping Poland of its voting rights is highly unlikely to occur because it would require unanimity, and Hungary’s Prime Minister Viktor Orban has promised to block any such action against his Polish ally. But the dispute could badly hurt Poland if other member states move to cut vital funding in the looming budget talks. Poland is currently the biggest beneficiary of the EU budget. Senior Polish officials have hinted Warsaw could tweak some of the new judiciary laws, though details have yet to be agreed. The ministerial session on Tuesday ran for longer than planned, suggesting a lively discussion. Some of Poland’s fellow ex-communist neighbors said the Commission should not push Warsaw too hard. “Today is no time for decisions,” said Deputy Prime Minister Ekaterina Zakharieva of Bulgaria, which holds the EU’s rotating presidency, adding that Poland’s willingness to enter again into talks with Brussels represented“huge progress”. 
968410767014944768	2018-02-27 09:01:33	https://t.co/LYWy9OpESh	Britain may join U.S. strikes against Syria if chemical weapon use proven https://t.co/LYWy9OpESh	 LONDON (Reuters) - Britain would consider joining U.S. military strikes against the Syrian government if there is evidence chemical weapons are being used against civilians, Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said on Tuesday. Johnson said he hoped Britain and other Western nations would not stand by in the event of a chemical attack, voicing support for limited strikes if there is“incontrovertible evidence” of the Syrian’s government involvement. “If we know that it has happened, and we can demonstrate it, and if there is a proposal for action where the UK could be useful then I think we should seriously consider it,” Johnson told BBC radio. Over the past week, Syria’s army and its allies have subjected the rebel-held enclave of Ghouta near Damascus to one of the heaviest bombardments of the seven-year war, killing hundreds. Britain is part of the U.S.-led coalition involved in air attacks on Islamic State in Syria and Iraq, but the government lost a parliamentary vote on the use of force against Syrian government in 2013. Johnson said he supported the U.S. decision to fire cruise missile at Syrian government targets last year after almost 100 people, including children, were killed in a gas attack on the opposition-held town of Khan Sheikhoun. The United Nations accused the Syrian government of being responsible for an attack that used sarin gas. “What we need to ask ourselves as a country and what we in the the West need to ask ourselves, is can we allow the use of chemical weapons, the use of these illegal weapons to go unreproved, unchecked, unpunished,” Johnson said. However, he warned there was little international appetite for sustained military action against the Syrian regime. “The people listening to us and this program in eastern Ghouta cannot get the idea the West is going to intervene to change the odds dramatically in their favor,” he said. The Syrian government has repeatedly denied using chemical weapons and said it targets only armed rebels and militants. 
968406068786233344	2018-02-27 08:42:53	https://t.co/V9XBmgusxm	Sturgeon says Scottish parliament will not consent to UK PM May's Brexit bill https://t.co/V9XBmgusxm	 EDINBURGH (Reuters) - The Scottish and Welsh governments said on Tuesday they will introduce bills into their parliaments aimed at keeping regional powers that come back from Brussels after Brexit, in a move that could complicate British plans to leave the EU. The bills are to be debated by the devolved parliaments in the coming days. Several powers which have been devolved onto the regional governments, such as agriculture and fisheries, are administered from Brussels because they fall within EU frameworks. But after Brexit those powers will come back to Britain, and Scotland and Wales want to make sure they stay within the remit of regional parliaments and do not just revert to the British government. The sides are currently negotiating exactly how the powers will be returned, but have reached a stumbling block. The coming regional bills are designed as a back-up in case no deal can be reached. It was not immediately clear what legal weight the Scottish and Welsh bills would have, but the process of establishing whether they are binding could take weeks or even months, while the British government has limited time before Brexit day in a year’s time. The British government needs a deal with Scotland and Wales before the summer in order to pass the European Union (Withdrawal) Bill in Britain’s national parliament. Although Britain’s devolved parliaments do not have a veto on Brexit legislation, ignoring their wishes has worsened already strained relations and may stoke nationalism in Scotland, further complicating the EU withdrawal process. Scotland and Wales say that the British Brexit withdrawal bill makes a mockery of two decades of power-sharing agreements. “The EU (Withdrawal) Bill, as currently drafted, would allow the UK government to take control of laws and policy areas that are devolved. This is simply not acceptable to the Welsh government, or the people of Wales who have voted for devolution in two referendums,” the Welsh government said. Prime Minister Theresa May’s government says it wants to make unspecified exceptions to their powers where it deems it necessary for overall British unity, and that is the stumbling block in talks. By introducing its own bill now, the Scottish government can ensure enough time for it to be made effective before Brexit legislation is passed in Britain’s national parliament in London, the Scottish bill said. It added:“It is a bill which prepares Scotland’s devolved laws for the UK’s withdrawal from the European Union. This means that EU laws currently in force will be retained after withdrawal and the Scottish government will be given the tools needed to make sure these laws keep working after withdrawal.” The Scottish challenge to Prime Minister Theresa May’s authority comes after her government indicated on Monday it would go no further in offering concessions to Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland in reaching agreement over the EU (Withdrawal) Bill. Scotland’s first minister said earlier that the Scottish parliament would not consent to the UK legislation as it stands. “I will not sign up to something that effectively undermines the whole foundation on which devolution is built,” Nicola Sturgeon told BBC radio. 
968403100221542401	2018-02-27 08:31:05	https://t.co/9nAsoClMPb	South Korean prosecutors seek 30 years' jail for ousted Park as supporters demand her release https://t.co/9nAsoClMPb	 SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean prosecutors on Tuesday sought a 30-year jail term for former President Park Geun-hye who was ousted last year amid an influence-peddling scandal as supporters braved the winter cold outside the Seoul court demanding her immediate release. Park, 66, was dismissed in March after being impeached and is standing trial on charges of bribery, abuse of power and coercion in a case that rocked the country’s business and political elite. She denies wrongdoing. The prosecution’s recommendation came two weeks after Choi Soon-sil, a longtime friend of Park who was at the center of the scandal, was jailed for 20 years for taking bribes from“chaebol”, or conglomerates, including electronics powerhouse Samsung and retail giant Lotte. Prosecutors are also seeking a 118.5 billion won ($127.1 million) fine for Park, who has been detained since March 31 last year. Park Seung-gil, a lawyer representing the former president, tearfully pleaded before Seoul Central District Court for mercy, saying Park had tried her hardest in leading the country“day and night”. Park’s trial began in May and a verdict is expected on April 6 in a case that brought scrutiny to the cozy ties between South Korea’s political leaders and its largest chaebol, the so-called“Republic of Samsung”. “(Park) brought a national crisis by letting a person who has never been involved in state management rule the country,” a prosecutor said. “She and Choi took tens of billions of won in bribes and yet denied her crimes and obstructed efforts to establish the truth.” Receiving bribes carries a penalty of up to life in jail. Hundreds of supporters gathered outside the court, proclaiming Park’s innocence. “Immediately release our president,” they chanted. The Liberty Korea Party, a conservative opposition party formerly led by Park, condemned the call for jail. “What the prosecution is demanding is harsher than the death penalty,” the party said in a statement. Seoul Central District Court had also sentenced Shin Dong-bin, chairman of the country’s fifth-largest conglomerate, Lotte Group, to two years and six months in prison in the same case. Seoul High Court suspended a prison sentence for Samsung Group heir Jay Y. Lee in early February - a surprise decision that sent shockwaves through political and business circles. The court sentenced Lee to two and a half years in jail on charges including bribery and embezzlement - reducing the original term by half - but suspended the sentence for four years, meaning that he is unlikely to serve any more time in jail. 
968402011883495424	2018-02-27 08:26:46	https://t.co/4SGE6GHw6A	New South African finance minister: Budget may not stave off downgrades https://t.co/4SGE6GHw6A	 CAPE TOWN (Reuters) - New South African Finance Minister Nhlanhla Nene said on Tuesday his predecessor’s budget presented last week might not prevent further credit ratings downgrades as new President Cyril Ramaphosa tries to revive the economy. The state of government finances forced the Treasury last week to take the politically risky step of raising value-added tax for the first time in 25 years. The move was welcomed by ratings agencies and markets priced in expectations that it would enable South Africa to hang on to its last investment grade rating in a Moody’s review due soon. Ramaphosa, 65, hailed a“new dawn” after his inauguration and has promised to fight corruption. He announced Nene’s return to the cabinet on Monday in a reshuffle that saw the removal of some ministers allied to scandal-ridden ex-president Jacob Zuma. Nene, who served as finance minister from May 2014 to December 2015 before being sacked by Zuma, was asked during a radio interview whether the budget would stave off further downgrades that could make it more costly for South Africa to borrow.“I wouldn’t say that yet,” Nene told Talk Radio 702. After being sworn in, Nene said he would meet the ratings agencies soon.“It is too early to say,” he told Reuters when asked whether he thought Moody’s would downgrade South Africa’s credit rating at the end of March. S&P and Fitch last year downgraded South Africa’s ratings to sub-investment grade after Zuma fired Pravin Gordhan from his second stint as finance minister. Nene’s return to the Finance Ministry came almost two weeks after Zuma was ordered to step down by his own African National Congress (ANC) party and replaced by Ramaphosa. Ramaphosa told a traditional leaders meeting in parliament on Tuesday that land reform needed to be tackled immediately and the government was starting talks with the mining sector on a new industry charter. In a vote in parliament, lawmakers endorsed land expropriation without compensation. Two decades after the end of apartheid, the ANC is under pressure to redress racial disparities in the ownership of land, which remains mainly in the hands of whites. Market reaction to the cabinet shake-up was muted but there has been a strong rally since Ramaphosa was elected ANC president in December, with the rand ZAR=D3 gaining 14 percent since then, hitting three-year highs on Monday. The rand weakened on profit-taking following a rally after Monday’s cabinet reshuffle, with investor focus switching to the first U.S. congressional testimony by new Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell later in the session. Asked about his priorities, Nene told Reuters:“I will still have to sit down and familiarize myself with the budget.” During his previous time as finance minister, Nene was keen to rein in spending. He was loath to rubber-stamp Zuma’s plan to build more nuclear power stations for up to $100 billion, a project Ramaphosa has said South Africa cannot afford. After he was sacked, Nene worked in the private sector, including as a board member at fund manager Allan Gray. ANC Treasurer General Paul Mashatile said:“What’s important for us is stabilizing public finances and that is his strength.” Ramaphosa told reporters in parliament on Tuesday:“It’s a cabinet that takes into account the various strengths we’ve got in government.” Asked if he had to make compromises, Ramaphosa said:“No, no, no. This is a transitional cabinet that is going to take us to the next elections (due mid-2019).” Popular with investors, Gordhan was brought back to cabinet in the public enterprises department, which oversees around 300 state-owned firms, including loss-making South African Airways and cash-strapped power utility Eskom. Analysts said Ramaphosa sought to keep rival ANC factions represented within the cabinet. He retained several ministers appointed by Zuma but demoted them from key departments. “The boost to the economic cluster by the appointment of Gordhan and Nene will be well received by financial markets and rating agencies,” NKC African Economics said in a note. Razia Khan, chief economist for Africa at Standard Chartered, said:“It was clear there was more than a nod to party unity in the cabinet appointments.” 
968399092832456704	2018-02-27 08:15:10	https://t.co/sOZ4fC4LVA	Thai PM now says election to be held no later than Feb 2019 https://t.co/sOZ4fC4LVA	 BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thai Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha on Tuesday said a general election he had promised to hold in November would take place “no later” than February 2019, the latest delay to anger critics of the government. The junta has promised and postponed elections several times since its 2014 coup overthrew a civilian government. The latest date was set for November but last month the military-appointed legislature changed the election law, pointing to further delay. “Now I will answer clearly, an election will take place no later than February 2019,” Prayuth, who is under growing pressure both at home and abroad to return to civilian government, told reporters in Bangkok, the capital. Hundreds of people have flocked to Bangkok in recent weeks to urge the military government not to delay the vote, some of the biggest anti-junta demonstrations seen since 2014. The latest election delay has shattered people’s confidence in Prayuth’s timeframe, said Phongthep Thepkanjana, a former deputy prime minister and a senior member of the opposition Pheu Thai Party that represents the Shinawatra family. Thailand is divided broadly between those backing former prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra and his sister, Yingluck, whose government was removed in the coup, and the elite in Bangkok. “I think many Thais, like me, no longer give a lot of weight to what the prime minister has to say right now,” Phongthep said. “The delay is a symptom of those in power who know that once an election takes place they will no longer have power. That is why they want to delay election.” The new pledge lacked credibility, said Thitinan Pongsudhirak, a political science professor at Bangkok’s Chulalongkorn University. “Because Prayuth has backtracked on election dates at least four times, this new pledge is simply not credible,” he told Reuters. However, the announcement gave investors clarity about Thailand’s political future, said Ongart Klampaiboon, deputy leader of the rival Democrat Party. “This will create more confidence for people in the country, as well as foreign investors and business people who need to assess the political situation in their plans,” he told Reuters. In January, parliament voted to extend by 90 days the start date for a new election law. The bill lays out rules for lower house elections and is one of four that need to take effect before the vote. Critics say Prayuth wants to delay the vote to ensure the military retains a key role in political life. He has hinted he would like to stay in power after any election, which is possible under the junta-backed constitution that allows for an “outsider” to be appointed prime minister. “If Prayuth wants to step down smoothly, it has to be November this year and no other date,” said Rangsiman Rome, a leader of the Democracy Restoration Group (DRG) that organized a weekend protest. Prayuth led the May 2014 coup following months of street protests aimed at ousting Yingluck’s government. Both Thaksin and Yingluck live in self-imposed exile after fleeing prison sentences for separate corruption cases. 
968397218641215488	2018-02-27 08:07:43	https://t.co/MFiiM8dejl	Philippines' top judge to go on leave, ready for impeachment https://t.co/MFiiM8dejl	 MANILA (Reuters) - The Philippines’ Supreme Court chief judge who has drawn the ire of President Rodrigo Duterte will take a“wellness” leave of absence to prepare for a possible impeachment trial, her spokesman said on Tuesday. Duterte has made no secret of his disdain for Maria Lourdes Sereno, the country’s first woman chief justice, who has voiced concern about human rights and rule of law under Duterte, but has stopped short of criticizing him directly. Sereno, 57, will be off work from Thursday, but would not be resigning, her spokesman Jojo Lacanilao said in a television interview. The announcement comes as a house justice panel nears the end of its deliberations on an impeachment complaint that accuses Sereno of omitting income from mandatory declarations dating back a decade, before she became chief justice in 2012. Duterte’s political allies dominate the 300-seat lower house and it is widely expected they will vote to impeach Sereno by the middle of next month. “It’s her personal decision,” Lacanilao said.“She’s doing it with her own reasons. Let’s not put anything into it.” He later said Sereno would consult lawyers to“prepare for the Senate trial”. If the Philippine Congress votes to impeach an official, the case goes for trial to the Senate, which now has 23 members. A two-thirds vote is needed to remove the official. Sereno would have time to think about her future, Duterte’s spokesman, Harry Roque, said in a statement. “We hope she would take this as an opportunity to reflect on her time and legacy at the Supreme Court and to consider what would be best for the institution,” he said. In October, the president dared Sereno to open her bank account to public scrutiny, accusing her of corruption and of being used by political opponents intent on driving him from power. Sereno has not responded publicly to Duterte’s verbal attacks, but denies wrongdoing. Some of Duterte’s critics speculate that his loyalists driving the impeachment move are uncomfortable with the prospect of Sereno holding the Supreme Court’s top post until 2030, when she reaches the mandatory retirement age of 70. Sereno may become the second top judge on the Supreme Court to be impeached after Renato Corona was removed during a senate trial in 2012, also for not disclosing income. Sereno’s spokesman said she was unperturbed, and feeling no stress. “She is weathering it beautifully,” Lacanilao said. “She will go through the process, she will not resign before the process is ended.” 
968396434201546759	2018-02-27 08:04:36	https://t.co/6pRDW6CYHg	From @ReutersOpinion: How to stop social media from supercharging hate speech https://t.co/6pRDW6CYHg https://t.co/ezQDkADTxv	 Donald Trump’s retweets of anti-Muslim videos first circulated by an anti-immigrant, far-right British party were just the tip of the iceberg. From Myanmar to the United States, controversial posts by political leaders and public figures have sparked a growing and increasingly global debate about how social media may be facilitating the spread of hatred and discrimination. But this discussion is only the latest in a larger debate that is as old as the internet itself: who should decide the limits of freedom of expression online, and how should they do it? We have come a long way from the days when Facebook, YouTube and Twitter were hailed as enablers of free speech and democracy. Such platforms have undeniably helped to democratize the public sphere. Individuals can amass tens of thousands of followers, and earn millions of views, without relying on the media, public relations agencies, or governments. Activists can organize, disseminate information and mobilize more effectively than ever before. It is a testament to the power of social media that many countries are imposing stricter controls or even blocking their access entirely. We must bear the positive aspects of that power in mind when we consider how best to tackle its flip side: the way social platforms can be used to spread abuse, vitriol and hatred more rapidly than ever before. In 2017, politicians in many countries deployed social media to spread hate-filled agendas. Amnesty International’s latest annual report on the state of the world’s human rights documents a global rise in state-sponsored hate, and chronicles the variety of ways governments and leaders are increasingly peddling hateful rhetoric and policies that seek to demonize already marginalized groups; President Trump’s transparently-hateful travel ban on citizens from half a dozen Muslim-majority countries was one of the most prominent examples. As access to social media expands worldwide, it is increasingly being used by governments to promote hateful rhetoric, to control their citizens, and to silence any opposition. From xenophobic statements by politicians against LGBTI and Roma people in Bulgaria, anti-Rohingya propaganda posted on Facebook by senior military officers and government spokespeople in Myanmar, and the use of troll networks against government critics in the Philippines, those in power are learning how to use social media as yet another tool of repression. These findings present many dilemmas. To what extent are social media companies such as Facebook and Twitter – who have responded only belatedly to the torrent of hate speech and“fake news”– at fault? Should governments take action? What can we do to preserve the good that social media can offer while countering its more corrosive effects? There are no simple answers. The right to free expression protects ideas that many people find offensive, and there are many instances where racist, sexist, xenophobic or other hateful material is not prohibited under human rights law. Nevertheless, freedom of expression comes with responsibilities, and there are cases under human rights law – such as incitement to violence or child sex abuse imagery – where it can legitimately be restricted. Complexities tend to arise because the definition of“offense” is always subjective: one person’s free speech is another’s vicious diatribe. Any attempt at regulation must also consider the fact that the right to be able to say things to which others – including those in positions of power – will vehemently object is one of the foundations of an open society. Take that away and you take away the free press and any kind of government accountability. For all their potential for abuse, social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter provide a space for expression and access to information that is much freer than anything available in the past. Yet, this freedom is fragile – for example, Amnesty’s research has shown that online abuse can have a silencing effect on its targets. So what’s the solution? There are three types of actions that can be taken to counter hate on social media and the internet more generally: legal enforcement, content moderation, and education. States should have in place laws that prohibit advocacy of hatred, and take legal action only in the very clearly-defined cases allowed by international human rights law. Specifically this is when there is a clear show of intent to incite others to discrimination, hostility or violence against a particular group. Nevertheless, many governments have threatened social media companies with strict rules on intermediary liability, which means that companies may be held liable for content posted on their platforms. The problem is that intermediary liability can easily be used to restrict freedom of expression and to force companies to censor their users for fear of legal consequences. Regardless of government regulation, companies have a responsibility to avoid causing or contributing to human rights harms. Content moderation by social media companies is therefore an important part of the solution: it does not require legislation and therefore does not open the doors to unjustified restrictions on freedom of expression. All major platforms have community standards and rules of conduct in place to deal with advocacy of hatred and discrimination, which would work well so long as they did not conflict with human rights law. Making them effective will require social media companies to consistently uphold these rules, and to devote sufficient resources to addressing violations. This means improving the tools available to users to report abusive content, employing and training content moderators, and measures to identify and restrict troll networks. It also requires transparency about the rate at which these rules and standards are violated, including information about types of abuse and actions taken. Reducing the spread of hate on social media also requires education. This is perhaps the most important intervention: legal enforcement and content moderation can only treat the symptoms of online abuse. Whether it is through school programs, or campaigns on social media itself, the only viable long-term way to reduce racism, sexism and bigotry online is by understanding and addressing the roots of discrimination and hate in our societies. 
968390329744289792	2018-02-27 07:40:21	https://t.co/JOeGTS9WQx	Russia-backed truce begins in Syria's Ghouta https://t.co/JOeGTS9WQx	 BEIRUT/GENEVA (Reuters) - A Russian call for a five-hour truce on Tuesday failed to halt one of the most devastating campaigns of the Syrian war, where residents said government warplanes resumed striking the eastern Ghouta region after a brief lull. Diplomatic sources meanwhile said the chemical weapons watchdog, the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, opened an investigation into attacks in eastern Ghouta to determine whether banned munitions were used. Political leaders in France, the United States and Britain said this month they would back targeted military action against Damascus if there were proof chemical weapons had been used by forces under President Bashar al-Assad, Russia’s ally. Moscow and Damascus blamed rebels for the collapse of the truce, saying fighters had shelled a safe route intended for civilians to leave the enclave. The insurgents denied such shelling, and a senior U.S. general accused Moscow acting as“both arsonist and firefighter” by failing to rein in Assad. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said Moscow would press on with a plan to stage similar daily pauses in the fighting, allowing aid to be delivered to eastern Ghouta through what Russia describes as a humanitarian corridor. But the United Nations said it was proving impossible to aid civilians or evacuate wounded, and said all sides must instead abide by a 30-day truce sought by the U.N. Security Council. “We have reports this morning there is continuous fighting in eastern Ghouta,” U.N. humanitarian spokesman Jens Laerke said.“Clearly the situation on the ground is not such that convoys can go in or medical evacuations can go out.” Hundreds of people have died during 10 days of government bombardment of the eastern Ghouta, an area of towns and farms on the outskirts of Damascus. The assault has been among the most devastating air campaigns of a war now entering its eighth year. The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) said it was ready to access eastern Ghouta to deliver life-saving aid, but the proposed five-hour pause was too short. Without mentioning Russia, the author of the proposal, ICRC Middle East director Robert Mardini said humanitarian corridors had to be well-planned and agreed to by all warring sides, while people should be allowed to leave of their own free will. With its Ghouta offensive, the Syrian government is drawing on the military methods it has used to crush its opponents in other parts of Syria, including eastern Aleppo in late 2016. Intensifying bombardment of the besieged area has been coupled with probing ground assaults to test rebel defenses. With no sign of decisive international pressure to stop the attack, eastern Ghouta seems likely to meet the same fate as other areas won back by the government, where humanitarian corridors eventually became escape routes for defeated rebels. “A concrete humanitarian corridor has been set up that will be used to deliver humanitarian aid, and, in the other direction, a medical evacuation can take place and all civilians who want to leave can,” Lavrov told a joint news conference in Moscow after meeting French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian. But the local branch of the opposition Syrian Interim Government’s Ministry of Health dismissed Russia’s truce call as a ploy to circumvent the U.N. month-long ceasefire resolution. The call in effect offered residents a choice between“death under bombardment” or a forced displacement, it said, calling on the United Nations to send in relief aid immediately. U.S. Army General Joseph Votel accused Russia of playing a destabilizing role in Syria as“both arsonist and firefighter”, saying Moscow had failed to rein in its Syrian ally. “I think either Russia has to admit that it is not capable, or it doesn’t want to play a role in ending the Syrian conflict. I think their role is incredibly destabilizing at this point.” Russia’s military said rebels in eastern Ghouta started new offensives with intense artillery and gun fire after midday, Interfax news agency reported citing a Russian general. Residents in several towns in the eastern Ghouta described a brief pause in fighting, but said bombardment swiftly resumed. In Hammouriyeh town a man who identified himself as Mahmoud said helicopters and planes were in the sky and conducting strikes. Siraj Mahmoud, a spokesman for the Civil Defence rescue service, which is funded by Western governments and operates in rebel areas, said artillery and air strikes had hit the region. The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group said helicopters and warplanes had struck four towns and artillery shelling killed one person. A U.N. Security Council resolution passed on Saturday called for a 30-day ceasefire across the entire country, but did not specify when it should start. It excludes some militant groups which are among the rebels in eastern Ghouta. That has meant the ceasefire has not been observed in practice. U.N. spokesman Laerke declined to comment on the Russian proposal for a five-hour truce, but called instead on all sides to obey the full 30-day ceasefire. “It is a question life and death ... we need a 30-day cessation of hostilities in Syria as the Security Council demands,” Laerke, of the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Assistance, told a Geneva briefing. A rebel spokesman said people in eastern Ghouta did not want to leave the area despite the bombardment, because they feared arrest, torture or conscription by the government. Russia said it would guarantee the safety of any civilians who left. Eastern Ghouta, where the United Nations says around 400,000 people live, is a major target for Assad, whose forces have clawed back numerous areas with military backing from Russia and Iran. Rebels based in eastern Ghouta have intensified shelling of government-held Damascus. A medical official in the capital said on Monday 36 people had been killed in four days. Syrian state media reported eight people hurt by rebel shelling on Tuesday. Damascus and Moscow say the campaign in eastern Ghouta is needed to halt such shelling. The multi-sided Syrian war has killed hundreds of thousands of people and driven half of the pre-war population of 23 million from their homes. Fighting has escalated on several fronts this year, with the collapse of Islamic State giving rise to conflict between other Syrian and foreign parties. As Assad has pressed the offensive against eastern Ghouta, Turkey has launched an incursion against Kurdish fighters in the northwestern Afrin region. Tensions have also flared between Iran and Israel, alarmed by Tehran’s influence in Syria. Syrian air defenses shot down an Israeli F-16 earlier this month as it returned from a bombing raid on Iran-backed positions in Syria. Diplomatic sources said the OPCW would examine attacks including one on Sunday which health authorities said killed a child and caused symptoms consistent with chlorine gas exposure. Opposition-held areas in Eastern Ghouta were the scene of chemical attacks in 2013 in which hundreds of civilians were killed in the deadliest use of chemical weapons in decades. 
968390329471766529	2018-02-27 07:40:21	https://t.co/MpFv8HIPZw	Greek economy minister quits after wife caught in benefit row https://t.co/MpFv8HIPZw	 ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece’s Economy and Development Minister Dimitri Papadimitriou has resigned, an aide said on Tuesday, a day after his wife, a deputy labour minister, also quit in a row over a housing allowance. With three posts - that of a minister and two junior ministers now vacant - the move is likely to trigger a mini cabinet reshuffle. Papadimitriou, whose remit involved promoting Greece abroad for investment projects, submitted his resignation to Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras on Monday night“for reasons of political sensitivity,” an economy ministry official told Reuters. Tsipras accepted the resignation and thanked Papadimitriou for his services, a statement from the Prime Minister’s office said. On Monday, Papadimitriou’s wife, Rania Antonopoulou, resigned after disclosures she had drawn a housing allowance despite extensive personal wealth. Although there was nothing untoward about claiming the benefit, it touched a nerve in a country that has suffered the effects of a debilitating financial crisis and where a third of the population lives in poverty. Papadimitriou and Antonopoulou shared the apartment in an upscale neighborhood of Athens on which she claimed the rent allowance, from which she has offered to return some 23,000 euros. Proto Thema, the newspaper that made the disclosure on Sunday, described them as the“richest couple in government”. The benefit that Antonopoulou claimed is extended to members of government whose main residence is outside Athens. 
968387796934316033	2018-02-27 07:30:17	https://t.co/jby5YsPbEf	Comcast offers $31 billion to buy pay-TV group Sky, challenges Murdoch https://t.co/jby5YsPbEf https://t.co/LRZGU36GGj	 LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. cable giant Comcast Corp (CMCSA.O) has offered $31 billion for Sky Plc (SKYB.L), threatening a plan hatched by Rupert Murdoch’s Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOXA.O) and Walt Disney Co (DIS.N) to seize control of Europe’s biggest pay-TV group. The world’s biggest entertainment company and owner of NBC and Universal Pictures said on Tuesday it proposed to offer 12.50 pounds per share for Britain’s Sky, more than the 10.75 pounds that Murdoch’s Fox has agreed to pay for it. Bob Iger’s Disney has agreed to buy Sky from Fox, along with other assets, in a separate $52 billion follow-up deal. Comcast’s all-cash, unsolicited offer pits CEO Brian Roberts against Murdoch, the 86-year-old tycoon who helped to launch Sky and pioneered pay-TV in Britain. Iger is also a long-time rival after Comcast tried and failed to buy Disney in 2004. “Sky and Comcast are a perfect fit: we are both leaders in creating and distributing content,” Roberts said. Sky’s shares jumped more than 20 percent, closing at 13.31 pounds, indicating that investors expect a bidding war. Shares of Comcast, Fox and Disney fell. Comcast’s appearance in the already complex Sky drama could prompt Fox to make a higher offer or Disney to make its own direct bid for Sky. Fox remains committed to its cash offer announced in December, it said in a statement. Media owners have been forced into increasingly aggressive deals after online groups Netflix Inc (NFLX.O) and Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) prompted many customers to ditch subscriptions. Comcast bid $60 billion last year to clinch a deal with Fox, before losing out to Disney. Sky, which provides sports programming, films and broadband to 23 million homes across Britain, Ireland, Germany, Italy and Austria, urged its investors to take no action since the approach did not represent a firm offer. Murdoch’s Fox agreed to buy the 61 percent of Sky it did not already own in a cash deal in December 2016, but the takeover has been repeatedly held up by regulators over concerns the media tycoon wields too much influence in Britain. The shares had been trading above the asking price since Sky this month agreed to pay less than expected for Premier League soccer rights, likely boosting its future earnings and prompting investors to demand a higher offer. It also attracted the attention of U.S. hedge fund and activist investor Elliott Management Corp, which has built up a 2.5 percent stake in Sky in recent weeks. Hedge fund manager Crispin Odey, a former son-in-law of Murdoch who holds 1 percent of Sky, said he expected a counter offer and speculated whether Disney could make a direct bid for Sky to avoid Fox’s regulatory problems. “Once you’re in a bidding war, it’s not about fair value, it’s about what do you think it’s worth,” Odey added. Formed in 1990, Sky has built its business by offering leading content and technology. It snapped up Murdoch’s pay-TV groups across Europe in 2014 to offer a distribution platform that is now proving attractive to the big U.S. content owners. Comcast said it had not yet engaged with Sky over the proposal and its finance director, Michael Cavanagh, declined to comment on whether it could lead to a renewed bid for Fox. Comcast will have to gain the support of Sky’s independent directors if it does not make a hostile bid because its chairman is Murdoch’s son James, who is also CEO of Fox. Comcast’s Roberts, the son of Ralph who founded the company in 1963, called Sky’s Deputy Chairman Martin Gilbert on Tuesday morning to notify him just before the offer statement was released, and called Sky CEO Jeremy Darroch shortly afterwards. Sky’s independent directors are expected to meet in the coming days to discuss the offer and the company said they were mindful of their duties to investors. Comcast went public with the proposal to trigger the regulatory timetable because timing will be a key factor. A Comcast spokesman said it would ask regulators in Brussels to look at the deal where it expects to avoid a lengthy investigation. Britain’s media minister has said he will give his verdict on Fox’s bid for Sky by June 14, giving Comcast a narrow window to get any takeover approval done. “We would like to own the whole of Sky and we will be looking to acquire over 50 percent of the Sky shares,” Roberts said. Disney’s Iger declined to comment when asked about the Comcast offer during a trip to Paris. Murdoch had been edging towards a deal for Sky in recent weeks, eight years after he first tried to buy the company. Britain’s competition regulator said in January his planned takeover should be blocked unless a way was found to prevent the Australian-born power-broker from influencing Sky’s news operation. Critics, including many politicians, argue Murdoch wields too much influence through the Sun and Times newspapers, and in 2011 he closed the News of the World after its journalists admitted hacking phones to get scoops. Seeking to prove it would not influence Sky News in the future, Fox last week promised to maintain and fund a fully independent Sky-branded news service for 10 years. British Prime Minister Theresa May’s ministers have appeared wary of approving Murdoch’s bid, repeatedly asking the independent regulator to intervene, and Comcast could face a smoother ride. A spokesman for May said the deal was a commercial matter. Robey Warshaw, a small boutique firm which has worked on some of Britain’s biggest deals, Evercore (EVR.N) and Bank of America Merrill Lynch (BAC.N) are advising Comcast. 
968386382627528705	2018-02-27 07:24:40	https://t.co/BESMgKHvRl	Truce called by Russia comes into effect near Damascus https://t.co/BESMgKHvRl	 BEIRUT/GENEVA (Reuters) - A Russian call for a five-hour truce on Tuesday failed to halt one of the most devastating campaigns of the Syrian war, where residents said government warplanes resumed striking the eastern Ghouta region after a brief lull. Diplomatic sources meanwhile said the chemical weapons watchdog, the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, opened an investigation into attacks in eastern Ghouta to determine whether banned munitions were used. Political leaders in France, the United States and Britain said this month they would back targeted military action against Damascus if there were proof chemical weapons had been used by forces under President Bashar al-Assad, Russia’s ally. Moscow and Damascus blamed rebels for the collapse of the truce, saying fighters had shelled a safe route intended for civilians to leave the enclave. The insurgents denied such shelling, and a senior U.S. general accused Moscow acting as “both arsonist and firefighter” by failing to rein in Assad. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said Moscow would press on with a plan to stage similar daily pauses in the fighting, allowing aid to be delivered to eastern Ghouta through what Russia describes as a humanitarian corridor. But the United Nations said it was proving impossible to aid civilians or evacuate wounded, and said all sides must instead abide by a 30-day truce sought by the U.N. Security Council. “We have reports this morning there is continuous fighting in eastern Ghouta,” U.N. humanitarian spokesman Jens Laerke said. “Clearly the situation on the ground is not such that convoys can go in or medical evacuations can go out.” Hundreds of people have died during 10 days of government bombardment of the eastern Ghouta, an area of towns and farms on the outskirts of Damascus. The assault has been among the most devastating air campaigns of a war now entering its eighth year. The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) said it was ready to access eastern Ghouta to deliver life-saving aid, but the proposed five-hour pause was too short. Without mentioning Russia, the author of the proposal, ICRC Middle East director Robert Mardini said humanitarian corridors had to be well-planned and agreed to by all warring sides, while people should be allowed to leave of their own free will. With its Ghouta offensive, the Syrian government is drawing on the military methods it has used to crush its opponents in other parts of Syria, including eastern Aleppo in late 2016. “DEATH UNDER BOMBARDMENT” Intensifying bombardment of the besieged area has been coupled with probing ground assaults to test rebel defenses. With no sign of decisive international pressure to stop the attack, eastern Ghouta seems likely to meet the same fate as other areas won back by the government, where humanitarian corridors eventually became escape routes for defeated rebels. “A concrete humanitarian corridor has been set up that will be used to deliver humanitarian aid, and, in the other direction, a medical evacuation can take place and all civilians who want to leave can,” Lavrov told a joint news conference in Moscow after meeting French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian. But the local branch of the opposition Syrian Interim Government’s Ministry of Health dismissed Russia’s truce call as a ploy to circumvent the U.N. month-long ceasefire resolution. The call in effect offered residents a choice between “death under bombardment” or a forced displacement, it said, calling on the United Nations to send in relief aid immediately. U.S. Army General Joseph Votel accused Russia of playing a destabilizing role in Syria as “both arsonist and firefighter”, saying Moscow had failed to rein in its Syrian ally. “I think either Russia has to admit that it is not capable, or it doesn’t want to play a role in ending the Syrian conflict. I think their role is incredibly destabilizing at this point.” Russia’s military said rebels in eastern Ghouta started new offensives with intense artillery and gun fire after midday, Interfax news agency reported citing a Russian general. Residents in several towns in the eastern Ghouta described a brief pause in fighting, but said bombardment swiftly resumed. In Hammouriyeh town a man who identified himself as Mahmoud said helicopters and planes were in the sky and conducting strikes. Siraj Mahmoud, a spokesman for the Civil Defence rescue service, which is funded by Western governments and operates in rebel areas, said artillery and air strikes had hit the region. The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group said helicopters and warplanes had struck four towns and artillery shelling killed one person. A U.N. Security Council resolution passed on Saturday called for a 30-day ceasefire across the entire country, but did not specify when it should start. It excludes some militant groups which are among the rebels in eastern Ghouta. That has meant the ceasefire has not been observed in practice. U.N. spokesman Laerke declined to comment on the Russian proposal for a five-hour truce, but called instead on all sides to obey the full 30-day ceasefire. “It is a question life and death ... we need a 30-day cessation of hostilities in Syria as the Security Council demands,” Laerke, of the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Assistance, told a Geneva briefing. A rebel spokesman said people in eastern Ghouta did not want to leave the area despite the bombardment, because they feared arrest, torture or conscription by the government. Russia said it would guarantee the safety of any civilians who left. Eastern Ghouta, where the United Nations says around 400,000 people live, is a major target for Assad, whose forces have clawed back numerous areas with military backing from Russia and Iran. Rebels based in eastern Ghouta have intensified shelling of government-held Damascus. A medical official in the capital said on Monday 36 people had been killed in four days. Syrian state media reported eight people hurt by rebel shelling on Tuesday. Damascus and Moscow say the campaign in eastern Ghouta is needed to halt such shelling. The multi-sided Syrian war has killed hundreds of thousands of people and driven half of the pre-war population of 23 million from their homes. Fighting has escalated on several fronts this year, with the collapse of Islamic State giving rise to conflict between other Syrian and foreign parties. As Assad has pressed the offensive against eastern Ghouta, Turkey has launched an incursion against Kurdish fighters in the northwestern Afrin region. Tensions have also flared between Iran and Israel, alarmed by Tehran’s influence in Syria. Syrian air defenses shot down an Israeli F-16 earlier this month as it returned from a bombing raid on Iran-backed positions in Syria. Diplomatic sources said the OPCW would examine attacks including one on Sunday which health authorities said killed a child and caused symptoms consistent with chlorine gas exposure. Opposition-held areas in Eastern Ghouta were the scene of chemical attacks in 2013 in which hundreds of civilians were killed in the deadliest use of chemical weapons in decades. 
968385747056250880	2018-02-27 07:22:08	https://t.co/TEddnwbVTC	With eye on U.S., China to revamp top tier of diplomats: sources https://t.co/TEddnwbVTC https://t.co/WFwySL641G	 BEIJING (Reuters) - China is expected to announce a reshuffle of its top diplomats at an annual meeting of parliament in March, aiming to deal with U.S. President Donald Trump’s growing suspicion of Beijing, several sources familiar with the plan said. The sources, including foreign diplomats, told Reuters that Wang Qishan, a close ally of President Xi Jinping, will likely become vice president with a portfolio specifically focused on handling ties with Washington. He would report directly to Xi. Current Foreign Minister Wang Yi will probably become a state councillor, replacing current top diplomat and State Councillor Yang Jiechi, who has been promoted to the Communist Party’s 25-member politburo, the sources said. State councillors, who report to the Cabinet, are more senior than the ministers responsible for the same portfolio. Wang Yi could also keep the foreign minister portfolio, the sources said. Another possibility was that Song Tao, head of the Communist Party’s international affairs department and close to Xi, could become foreign minister, the sources said. Song is a career diplomat who has worked in India and the Philippines and speaks good English, diplomats who have met him say. Yang, who joined the politburo in October, could become a vice premier with responsibility for foreign affairs, or become a deputy head of China’s parliament, which would mean he could deal directly with the U.S. Congress, the sources said. Effectively Wang Qishan will be China’s senior-most diplomat, then Yang and then Wang Yi. “There will be three top diplomats,” one of the sources told Reuters, referring to the three officials.“The United States will be a focus.” The sources cautioned that last minute changes are still possible and the positions won’t become finalised until parliament nears the end of its annual session around mid-March. All the sources spoke on condition of anonymity, either because they were not authorized to speak to foreign reporters or because of the sensitivity of discussing personnel appointments, considered secret until they are announced. Neither the Communist Party’s Organization Department, which oversees personnel decisions, nor the State Council Information Office, which doubles as the party spokesman’s office, responded to questions about the new diplomatic appointments. Despite a largely controversy-free visit by Trump to China in November, tensions, especially over trade, have worsened. Trump has long sought a way to a more balanced trade relationship with China and threatened to impose a big“fine” against Beijing to protect American intellectual property. Trump has also been discussing imposing a tariff on imports of steel from China and other countries. The role of Wang Qishan, who is not related to Foreign Minister Wang Yi, has been subject to intense speculation since he stepped down from the party’s Standing Committee, the apex of power in China, in October. Close to Xi and the man in charge of Xi’s sweeping anti-corruption crackdown over the past five years, Wang Qishan, at 69, had reached the age at which top leaders technically have to step down. As he’s such an experienced politician, Xi is going to keep him on though, the sources said. Known as“the firefighter” for his central role in tackling issues like corruption and domestic financial problems over the years, Wang also has experience dealing with the United States in his former role as a vice premier who led annual economic talks with Washington. “Wang Qishan is a heavyweight. And the Americans respect him,” a source with ties to the leadership told Reuters.“Hopefully he will be able to temper American hostility.” Diplomatic and U.S. business sources say the United States has all but frozen a formal mechanism for talks on commercial disputes, because it is not satisfied with Beijing’s efforts at opening its economy. Any effort by China to elevate formal exchanges on trade issues, for example from a cabinet to vice presidential level, would require the White House’s consent too. State Councillor Yang is not seen to have achieved any breakthroughs in his unofficial role as China’s special envoy to the Trump administration, despite speaking fluent English and being a former Chinese ambassador in Washington. This is partly the reason Liu He, a top economic adviser of Xi’s, is visiting Washington this week, said a senior Asian diplomat, citing conversations with Chinese officials. “Yang will remain a senior diplomat but maybe with less of a United States role,” said the diplomat. Wang Yi has been increasingly outspoken in his defense of Beijing’s interests in recent years and is unusually media friendly for a Chinese official. The possibility he could take up two positions concurrently is unusual but not without precedent. Defense Minister Chang Wanquan, for example, is also a state councillor. There are currently four state councillors - one was sacked on Saturday for corruption - who have specific areas of responsibility, such as defense or foreign policy. As a state councillor, Wang would also have responsibility for another tricky issue - self-ruled Taiwan, claimed by China as its own and which Beijing fears is on the road to formal independence. Wang however has less experience dealing with the United States, and is a Japanese speaker rather than an expert in English. “Promoting Wang would be a reward for him,” said a Western diplomat, referring to Wang’s spirited public defense of Chinese positions, ranging from the disputed South China Sea to rejecting accusations of Chinese spying on the African Union. 
968384729329426434	2018-02-27 07:18:05	https://t.co/XX2C31ewgT	U.S. to overtake Russia as top oil producer by 2019 at latest: IEA https://t.co/XX2C31ewgT https://t.co/AqxIYEY3yL	 TOKYO (Reuters) - The United States will overtake Russia as the world’s biggest oil producer by 2019 at the latest, the International Energy Agency (IEA) said on Tuesday, as the country’s shale oil boom continues to upend global markets. IEA Executive Director Fatih Birol said at an event in Tokyo the United States would overtake Russia as the biggest crude oil producer“definitely next year”, if not this year. “U.S. shale growth is very strong, the pace is very strong ... The United States will become the No.1 oil producer sometime very soon,” he told Reuters separately. U.S. crude oil output C-OUT-T-EIA rose above 10 million barrels per day (bpd) late last year for the first time since the 1970s, overtaking top oil exporter Saudi Arabia PRODN-SA. The U.S. Energy Information Administration said early this month that U.S. output would exceed 11 million bpd by late 2018. That would take it past top producer Russia, which pumps just below that mark C-RU-OUT. Birol said he did not see U.S. oil production peaking before 2020, and that he did not expect a decline in the next four to five years. The soaring U.S. production is upending global oil markets, coming at a time when other major producers - including Russia and members of the Middle East-dominated Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) - have been withholding output to prop up prices LCOc1. U.S. oil is also increasingly being exported, including to the world’s biggest and fastest growing markets in Asia, eating away at OPEC and Russian market share. Meanwhile, U.S. net imports of crude oil USOICI=ECI fell last week by 1.6 million bpd to 4.98 million bpd, the lowest level since the EIA started recording the data in 2001, reflecting further erosion in a market OPEC has been relying on for decades. Birol said production growth was not just strong in the United States. “Canada, especially the oil sands, and Brazilian offshore projects. These are the two major (non-U.S.) drivers,” he said. On the demand side, Birol said the IEA expected growth of around 1.4 million bpd in 2018. GRAPHIC: reut.rs/2EIuTWS GRAPHIC: tmsnrt.rs/2EtJgen 
968384544876453888	2018-02-27 07:17:21	https://t.co/B511Jdx296	China defends controversial detention measure of new anti-graft ministry https://t.co/B511Jdx296	 BEIJING (Reuters) - China on Tuesday defended a controversial detention measure set to become law when a new anti-corruption“super-ministry” is formally set up next month, calling it a unique step necessary to combat graft. President Xi Jinping has vowed to intensify efforts to root out corruption among Chinese officials and called for strong mechanisms that will effectively form a“cage” to prevent officials from breaking rules. China’s rubber-stamp parliament, the National People’s Congress, is expected to pass the new law and amend the state constitution at an annual meeting in March, finalizing the establishment of a National Supervision Commission with the power to investigate all state employees. The powerful new body has been criticized by some legal scholars for failing to protect the rights of suspects during investigations, in part because it will use a controversial“liuzhi”, or detention, system that operates outside existing criminal procedure law. “Major crimes related to official duties are not the same as normal crimes and the investigations cannot be done in the same way,” said Zhang Shuofu, who heads the Beijing Supervision Commission, one of three bureaus set up in 2017 ahead of the agency’s nationwide roll-out. “That’s why the Central Committee of the party has adopted the detention measure,” he told reporters during a rare visit to the bureau, reading from a prepared statement. China’s top-down methods of supervision are“totally different” from the system of checks and balances in countries where supervision agencies are subordinate to the courts and prosecutors, Zhang added. Journalists were not shown detention facilities and were only able to visit an empty reception hall for petitioners submitting written reports on graft. Zhang took two questions, one on coordination between the commission and prosecutors and the other querying if the reforms had drawn on the experiences of similar systems overseas. He ignored part of the second question about proposed changes to China’s constitution that will allow Xi to stay on as president for longer than just two terms. Xi announced the new detention system last October to replace the previous“shuanggui” system, in which party members submitted to questioning at a location and time chosen by investigators. Rights groups have said the old secretive extra-legal measures that made use of off-grid locations with little oversight allowed torture, abuse and forced confessions. Some rights activists and legal scholars have expressed concern the new detention system will merely entrench and extend previous practices under a veneer of legality. 
968379551075139584	2018-02-27 06:57:31	https://t.co/n5Z2KDOL1L	South Korean prosecutors seek 30 years' jail for ousted President Park https://t.co/n5Z2KDOL1L	 SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean prosecutors on Tuesday sought a 30-year jail term for former President Park Geun-hye who was ousted last year amid an influence-peddling scandal as supporters braved the winter cold outside the Seoul court demanding her immediate release. Park, 66, was dismissed in March after being impeached and is standing trial on charges of bribery, abuse of power and coercion in a case that rocked the country’s business and political elite. She denies wrongdoing. The prosecution’s recommendation came two weeks after Choi Soon-sil, a longtime friend of Park who was at the center of the scandal, was jailed for 20 years for taking bribes from“chaebol”, or conglomerates, including electronics powerhouse Samsung and retail giant Lotte. Prosecutors are also seeking a 118.5 billion won ($127.1 million) fine for Park, who has been detained since March 31 last year. Park Seung-gil, a lawyer representing the former president, tearfully pleaded before Seoul Central District Court for mercy, saying Park had tried her hardest in leading the country“day and night”. Park’s trial began in May and a verdict is expected on April 6 in a case that brought scrutiny to the cozy ties between South Korea’s political leaders and its largest chaebol, the so-called“Republic of Samsung”. “(Park) brought a national crisis by letting a person who has never been involved in state management rule the country,” a prosecutor said. “She and Choi took tens of billions of won in bribes and yet denied her crimes and obstructed efforts to establish the truth.” Receiving bribes carries a penalty of up to life in jail. Hundreds of supporters gathered outside the court, proclaiming Park’s innocence. “Immediately release our president,” they chanted. The Liberty Korea Party, a conservative opposition party formerly led by Park, condemned the call for jail. “What the prosecution is demanding is harsher than the death penalty,” the party said in a statement. Seoul Central District Court had also sentenced Shin Dong-bin, chairman of the country’s fifth-largest conglomerate, Lotte Group, to two years and six months in prison in the same case. Seoul High Court suspended a prison sentence for Samsung Group heir Jay Y. Lee in early February - a surprise decision that sent shockwaves through political and business circles. The court sentenced Lee to two and a half years in jail on charges including bribery and embezzlement - reducing the original term by half - but suspended the sentence for four years, meaning that he is unlikely to serve any more time in jail. 
968379551062609925	2018-02-27 06:57:31	https://t.co/m7kOeukhh8	Greek economy &amp; development minister resigns after wife benefit row https://t.co/m7kOeukhh8	 ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece’s Economy and Development Minister Dimitri Papadimitriou has resigned, an aide said on Tuesday, a day after his wife, a deputy labour minister, also quit in a row over a housing allowance. With three posts - that of a minister and two junior ministers now vacant - the move is likely to trigger a mini cabinet reshuffle. Papadimitriou, whose remit involved promoting Greece abroad for investment projects, submitted his resignation to Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras on Monday night “for reasons of political sensitivity,” an economy ministry official told Reuters. Tsipras accepted the resignation and thanked Papadimitriou for his services, a statement from the Prime Minister’s office said. On Monday, Papadimitriou’s wife, Rania Antonopoulou, resigned after disclosures she had drawn a housing allowance despite extensive personal wealth. Although there was nothing untoward about claiming the benefit, it touched a nerve in a country that has suffered the effects of a debilitating financial crisis and where a third of the population lives in poverty. Papadimitriou and Antonopoulou shared the apartment in an upscale neighborhood of Athens on which she claimed the rent allowance, from which she has offered to return some 23,000 euros. Proto Thema, the newspaper that made the disclosure on Sunday, described them as the “richest couple in government”. The benefit that Antonopoulou claimed is extended to members of government whose main residence is outside Athens. 
968377528376315904	2018-02-27 06:49:29	https://t.co/QxRrHMKr5b	At least 14 dead in Papua New Guinea quake; ExxonMobil shuts LNG plant https://t.co/QxRrHMKr5b	 MELBOURNE (Reuters) - Up to 14 people were killed in landslides and by collapsed buildings during a powerful earthquake in the remote Papua New Guinea highlands, police and a hospital worker said on Tuesday, with unconfirmed reports of up to 30 dead. The 7.5 magnitude quake that rocked the region early on Monday also damaged mining and power infrastructure and led ExxonMobil Corp to shut its $19 billion liquefied natural gas (LNG) plant, the country’s biggest export earner. Two buildings collapsed and along with a landslide killed 12 people in Mendi, the provincial capital of the Southern Highlands, said Julie Sakol, a nurse at Mendi General Hospital, where the bodies were brought to the morgue. “People are afraid. The shaking is still continuing. There’s nowhere to go but people are just moving around,” she said. Dozens of aftershocks rattled the area, including a 5.7 quake on Tuesday afternoon, the U.S. Geological Survey reported. Police in Mendi said 14 people were killed in the initial quake, including three in Poroma, south of Mendi. “They were killed by landslides destroying families sleeping in their houses,” said Naring Bongi, a police officer in Mendi. Provincial Administrator William Bando said more than 30 people were believed to have been killed in the rugged region, about 560 km (350 miles) northwest of the capital, Port Moresby, the Papua New Guinea Post-Courier reported. The PNG disaster management office said it was verifying the reports but it could take days to confirm a death toll. With a lack of communications preventing a clear assessment of damage, aid agencies had not yet begun relief efforts, said Udaya Regmi, head of the International Red Cross in Papua New Guinea, in Port Moresby. “The magnitude of the earthquake is quite huge, so there must be an impact ... but we cannot say how many people are actually affected and what they need,” Regmi said. Prime Minister Peter O’Neill said the defense force was on standby to assist“when the extent of damage has been confirmed.” “We know that there have been houses lost, roads cut by land slips and disruption to services,” he said in a statement. ExxonMobil said communications with nearby communities remained down, hampering efforts to assess damage to its facilities that feed the PNG LNG plant. “Communications continue to be one of the most significant challenges,” the company said in an emailed statement. Its partner, Oil Search Ltd, said a review of all of its facilities and infrastructure would take at least a week, and an industry source told Reuters that the Exxon plant will likely be shut at least seven days. Miners Barrick Gold Corp and Ok Tedi Mining also reported damage to infrastructure. The PNG LNG project is considered one of the world’s best-performing LNG operations, having started exports in 2014 ahead of schedule, despite the challenge of drilling for gas and building a plant and pipeline in the remote jungle of PNG. The liquefaction plant has also been producing at around 20 percent above its rated capacity of 6.9 million tonnes a year. ExxonMobil said it shut the two LNG processing units, or trains, at its site on the coast near Port Moresby after earlier shutting its Hides gas conditioning plant and Hides production pads in Hela province in the highlands region. Gas is processed at Hides and transported along a 700 km (435 miles) line that feeds the PNG LNG plant, whose main customers are in Japan, China and Taiwan. Traders said the impact on the LNG market would depend on the duration of the shutdown, but noted that spot prices have recently fallen from more than $10 per million British thermal units (mmBtu) as North Asia is coming out of the period of heavy winter gas demand. [LNG/] “The global LNG market is likely to respond immediately as the buyers need to seek alternative sources,” said Boseok Jin, a research analyst at HIS Markit. Barrick said some activities at the Porgera gold mine have been suspended to save electricity as the power station that supplies the mine had been damaged. The mine is co-owned by Barrick and China’s Zijin Mining. State-owned Ok Tedi said by email that a landslip had blocked a road and damaged pipelines to its copper and gold mine in the Star Mountains, adding that the road would take up to two days to be cleared. Earthquakes are common in Papua New Guinea, which sits on the Pacific’s“Ring of Fire”, a hotspot for seismic activity due to friction between tectonic plates. Part of PNG’s northern coast was devastated in 1998 by a tsunami, generated by a 7.0 quake, which killed about 2,200 people. 
968375168459575298	2018-02-27 06:40:06	https://t.co/GMIaBatcIf	Breakingviews - Alibaba delivery deal could be tasty side dish https://t.co/GMIaBatcIf https://t.co/WkQAoYhLF8	 HONG KONG (Reuters Breakingviews) - Alibaba’s food-delivery roadmap is starting to look a little less grubby. The Chinese e-commerce titan is working on a plan to buy the roughly three-quarters of Ele.me – which transports meals from restaurants to homes – that it doesn’t already own. Doing such a deal simply to challenge Chinese tech outfit Meituan Dianping would be a costly endeavour, but if it can enhance Alibaba’s payments, grocery and parcel operations it makes more sense. The business of delivering prepared meals is growing quickly in China. As of last summer, Meituan Dianping was projecting some 300 billion yuan worth, or nearly $50 billion, in 2018. That would be more than twice as much as in 2016, and account for 10 percent of the country’s estimated dining sales. It’s also something of a global phenomenon with the likes of Uber and Amazon in on the action. GrubHub shares have more than doubled over the past year, including a big leap earlier this month when Yum Brands agreed to buy a small stake and established a partnership with the $8.6 billion company to distribute its KFC and Taco Bell fare across the United States. There are only morsels available about Ele.me, but media reports indicate Alibaba could value it at some $9.5 billion. That would be at least 50 percent higher than a fundraising imputed last May. Ele.me could use the deep pockets after swallowing up Waimai, another competitor backed by Chinese search engine operator Baidu. Meituan Dianping, which counts Tencent as an investor, also recently secured another $4 billion of capital. The cutthroat battle is proving costly. Meituan Dianping’s food-delivery business has been adding active users more quickly than Ele.me of late, according to QuestMobile. Despite the links to Tencent’s popular WeChat messaging app, though, it remains unprofitable. Buying out other investors in Ele.me would have to be part of a bigger strategic plan to deliver financial logic for Alibaba. In theory, the logistics support should help it further marry online with an expanding bricks-and-mortar portfolio that includes supermarket chain Hema. It should also benefit Alibaba’s Alipay system, which hungry Ele.me customers use to purchase their meals. If all those ingredients come together, it would make for a tasty side dish. 
968372695376244736	2018-02-27 06:30:16	https://t.co/KePzisyb7W	Microsoft clashes with Justice Department at U.S. Supreme Court https://t.co/KePzisyb7W https://t.co/YuC1LclBep	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Supreme Court justices on Tuesday wrestled with Microsoft Corp’s dispute with the U.S. Justice Department over whether prosecutors can force technology companies to hand over data stored overseas, with some signaling support for the government and others urging Congress to pass a law to resolve the issue. Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Samuel Alito, both conservatives, indicated sympathy during an hour-long argument in the case toward the Justice Department’s stance that because Microsoft is based in the United States it was obligated to turn over data held abroad sought by prosecutors in a U.S. warrant. Liberal justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Sonia Sotomayor questioned whether the court needed to act in the closely watched case in light of Congress now considering bipartisan legislation that would resolve the legal issue. The case began when Microsoft balked at handing over a criminal suspect’s emails stored in Microsoft computer servers in Dublin in a drug trafficking case. Microsoft challenged whether a domestic warrant covered data stored abroad. A ruling is due by the end of June, giving Congress little time to act. “Wouldn’t it be wiser to say let’s leave things as they are. If Congress wants to regulate in this‘Brave New World,’ it should do it,” Ginsburg said. Alito agreed that Congress should act but added that“in the interim, something has to be done.” If the court were to rule in favor of Microsoft and Congress does not amend the 1986 law at issue in the case, Alito wondered how the government could quickly obtain information in a major criminal investigation in which data is held overseas, potentially in several different countries. “What happens in that situation?” Alito asked. Roberts appeared concerned that companies like Microsoft could enable customers to evade the reach of U.S. prosecutors by deliberately storing data overseas. Microsoft“might gain customers if you can assure them, no matter what happens, the government won’t be able to get access to their e-mails,” Roberts said. The company’s lawyer, Joshua Rosenkranz, responded that customers already know that other services existed that provided stronger privacy guarantees. “If customers do not want their e-mails to be seized by the government, they don’t use Microsoft’s services,” Rosenkranz said. The case highlights the friction between tech companies and privacy advocates desiring to protect customer data and law enforcement wanting information vital to criminal and counterterrorism investigations. The New York-based 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in 2016 sided with Microsoft, handing a victory to tech firms that increasingly offer cloud computing services in which data is stored remotely. President Donald Trump’s administration appealed that ruling to the Supreme Court. The appeals court said the emails were beyond the reach of domestic search warrants obtained under a federal law called the 1986 Stored Communications Act. Bipartisan legislation has been introduced in Congress to update the 1986 statute, a move backed by both Microsoft and the administration. The bill would let U.S. judges issue warrants while giving companies an avenue to object if the request conflicts with foreign law. Passage of the bill likely would render the case moot. Senator Orrin Hatch, a Republican who has led the efforts to rework the law, was in the courtroom to hear Tuesday’s argument. He said in a statement afterward that his bill would resolve the legal question while balancing law enforcement and privacy interests. “This commonsense legislation has the full-throated support of both law enforcement and the tech community and deserves swift enactment,” Hatch added. Globally dominant American tech companies have expressed concern that customers will go elsewhere if they think the U.S. government’s reach extends to data centers all around the world without changes being made to the law. Microsoft, which has 100 data centers in 40 countries, was the first American company to challenge a domestic search warrant seeking data held outside the United States. The Microsoft customer whose emails were sought told the company he was based in Ireland when he signed up for his account. Other companies including IBM Corp, Amazon.com Inc, Apple Inc, Verizon Communications Inc and Alphabet Inc’s Google filed court papers backing Microsoft. Several foreign governments, including Ireland and Britain, filed court papers raising concerns about the U.S. government’s position. The administration has the support of 35 states led by Vermont. 
968365423614930947	2018-02-27 06:01:23	https://t.co/PGnvqN1lz2	Philippines open to U.N. drugs war probe, if by 'credible, objective' investigator https://t.co/PGnvqN1lz2	 MANILA (Reuters) - The Philippines will allow an investigation into alleged human rights abuses in its bloody war on drugs, but not if it is conducted by the United Nations’ current special rapporteur on extrajudicial killings, a senior official said on Tuesday. More than 30 mostly Western countries have called on the Philippines to allow the U.N. expert, Agnes Callamard, to look into the thousands of killings in President Rodrigo Duterte brutal 19 month-old crackdown. Callamard’s specialist areas under the United Nations are extrajudicial killings, summary and arbitrary executions. Duterte’s spokesman, Harry Roque, a lawyer, said the Philippines welcomed any investigation provided that the United Nations sends a“credible, objective and unbiased” rapporteur, who is also“an authority in the field that they seek to investigate”. Callamard does not fit that description, he said. “Definitely, not Agnes Callamard,” Roque told a regular news briefing.“It’s her fault the home state does not want her in.” More than 4,000 Filipinos have been killed by police during the drugs war and hundreds, possibly several thousand, more by unidentified armed men. Human rights groups and Duterte’s political opponents say executions of drug users and small-time peddlers are widespread and systematic. The authorities deny that and say those killed were all dealers who put up violent resistance. Last week, Amnesty International in the Philippines said“meaningful investigations” into such killings had failed to take place. A prosecutor at the International Criminal Court in the Hague earlier this month started a preliminary examination into a complaint accusing Duterte and at least 11 officials of crimes against humanity. Duterte has welcomed that. Roque said he had a lawyer in mind who could do the job instead of Callamard, but would not say who. Duterte has previously said he would welcome a probe by Callamard on the condition she agreed to have a public debate with him. She irked the government in May last year when she gave a speech at a policy forum during a visit in an unofficial capacity. Speaking before the U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva, Philippine Foreign Secretary Alan Peter Cayetano on Tuesday said Callamard was“like the queen in‘Alice in Wonderland’” and it was in the council’s interests to choose someone else and ensure the integrity and effectiveness of its special procedures. “All we ask for is fairness. There are 7.5 billion people in the world,” he said. “Send us anyone except one who has already prejudged us, and one who by any measure cannot be considered independent, nor objective.” 
968365423484862464	2018-02-27 06:01:22	https://t.co/IqHZ3lkHey	South Korean prosecutors seek 30-year jail term for ex-President Park https://t.co/IqHZ3lkHey	 SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean prosecutors on Tuesday sought a 30-year jail term for former President Park Geun-hye who was ousted last year amid an influence-peddling scandal as supporters braved the winter cold outside the Seoul court demanding her immediate release. Park, 66, was dismissed in March after being impeached and is standing trial on charges of bribery, abuse of power and coercion in a case that rocked the country’s business and political elite. She denies wrongdoing. The prosecution’s recommendation came two weeks after Choi Soon-sil, a longtime friend of Park who was at the center of the scandal, was jailed for 20 years for taking bribes from“chaebol”, or conglomerates, including electronics powerhouse Samsung and retail giant Lotte. Prosecutors are also seeking a 118.5 billion won ($127.1 million) fine for Park, who has been detained since March 31 last year. Park Seung-gil, a lawyer representing the former president, tearfully pleaded before Seoul Central District Court for mercy, saying Park had tried her hardest in leading the country“day and night”. Park’s trial began in May and a verdict is expected on April 6 in a case that brought scrutiny to the cozy ties between South Korea’s political leaders and its largest chaebol, the so-called“Republic of Samsung”. “(Park) brought a national crisis by letting a person who has never been involved in state management rule the country,” a prosecutor said. “She and Choi took tens of billions of won in bribes and yet denied her crimes and obstructed efforts to establish the truth.” Receiving bribes carries a penalty of up to life in jail. Hundreds of supporters gathered outside the court, proclaiming Park’s innocence. “Immediately release our president,” they chanted. The Liberty Korea Party, a conservative opposition party formerly led by Park, condemned the call for jail. “What the prosecution is demanding is harsher than the death penalty,” the party said in a statement. Seoul Central District Court had also sentenced Shin Dong-bin, chairman of the country’s fifth-largest conglomerate, Lotte Group, to two years and six months in prison in the same case. Seoul High Court suspended a prison sentence for Samsung Group heir Jay Y. Lee in early February - a surprise decision that sent shockwaves through political and business circles. The court sentenced Lee to two and a half years in jail on charges including bribery and embezzlement - reducing the original term by half - but suspended the sentence for four years, meaning that he is unlikely to serve any more time in jail. 
968365423472381952	2018-02-27 06:01:22	https://t.co/sENNezXWQv	Singapore proposes measure to bar communications from terror attack sites https://t.co/sENNezXWQv	 SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Singapore on Tuesday proposed a new law to deal with terror attacks by preventing people in the area from taking photos or videos of the incident and communicating about police operations. Ranked as one of the safest countries in the world, Singapore has been stepping up efforts to deter terrorism in recent years. The proposals, which the city-state’s Straits Times newspaper said would apply to journalists and carry punishments such as fines or prison, were part of a Public Order and Safety (Special Powers) Bill 2018 introduced in parliament. The measure would allow police to issue a“communications stop order”, following approval from the home affairs minister, the Ministry of Home Affairs said in a statement. That would“require all persons in the incident area to stop making or communicating films or pictures of the incident area, and stop communicating text or audio messages about the ongoing security operations in the incident area,” it added. The MHA said information leaks to terrorists could endanger the lives of security officers and people caught up in the attack. As examples, it cited media coverage of a 2015 attack on a Jewish deli in Paris in which four hostages were killed, and a 2008 attack in India’s financial capital of Mumbai in which 100 people were killed. The terrorist threat facing Southeast Asia is growing as foreign fighters return to the region, regional defense ministers said this month in a joint statement, pledging to boost cooperation to tackle militancy. 
968364358647590913	2018-02-27 05:57:09	https://t.co/dOI0IvrTmW	With eye on U.S., China to revamp top tier of diplomats: sources https://t.co/dOI0IvrTmW	 BEIJING (Reuters) - China is expected to announce a reshuffle of its top diplomats at an annual meeting of parliament in March, aiming to deal with U.S. President Donald Trump’s growing suspicion of Beijing, several sources familiar with the plan said. The sources, including foreign diplomats, told Reuters that Wang Qishan, a close ally of President Xi Jinping, will likely become vice president with a portfolio specifically focused on handling ties with Washington. He would report directly to Xi. Current Foreign Minister Wang Yi will probably become a state councillor, replacing current top diplomat and State Councillor Yang Jiechi, who has been promoted to the Communist Party’s 25-member politburo, the sources said. State councillors, who report to the Cabinet, are more senior than the ministers responsible for the same portfolio. Wang Yi could also keep the foreign minister portfolio, the sources said. Another possibility was that Song Tao, head of the Communist Party’s international affairs department and close to Xi, could become foreign minister, the sources said. Song is a career diplomat who has worked in India and the Philippines and speaks good English, diplomats who have met him say. Yang, who joined the politburo in October, could become a vice premier with responsibility for foreign affairs, or become a deputy head of China’s parliament, which would mean he could deal directly with the U.S. Congress, the sources said. Effectively Wang Qishan will be China’s senior-most diplomat, then Yang and then Wang Yi. “There will be three top diplomats,” one of the sources told Reuters, referring to the three officials.“The United States will be a focus.” The sources cautioned that last minute changes are still possible and the positions won’t become finalised until parliament nears the end of its annual session around mid-March. All the sources spoke on condition of anonymity, either because they were not authorized to speak to foreign reporters or because of the sensitivity of discussing personnel appointments, considered secret until they are announced. Neither the Communist Party’s Organization Department, which oversees personnel decisions, nor the State Council Information Office, which doubles as the party spokesman’s office, responded to questions about the new diplomatic appointments. Despite a largely controversy-free visit by Trump to China in November, tensions, especially over trade, have worsened. Trump has long sought a way to a more balanced trade relationship with China and threatened to impose a big“fine” against Beijing to protect American intellectual property. Trump has also been discussing imposing a tariff on imports of steel from China and other countries. The role of Wang Qishan, who is not related to Foreign Minister Wang Yi, has been subject to intense speculation since he stepped down from the party’s Standing Committee, the apex of power in China, in October. Close to Xi and the man in charge of Xi’s sweeping anti-corruption crackdown over the past five years, Wang Qishan, at 69, had reached the age at which top leaders technically have to step down. As he’s such an experienced politician, Xi is going to keep him on though, the sources said. Known as“the firefighter” for his central role in tackling issues like corruption and domestic financial problems over the years, Wang also has experience dealing with the United States in his former role as a vice premier who led annual economic talks with Washington. “Wang Qishan is a heavyweight. And the Americans respect him,” a source with ties to the leadership told Reuters.“Hopefully he will be able to temper American hostility.” Diplomatic and U.S. business sources say the United States has all but frozen a formal mechanism for talks on commercial disputes, because it is not satisfied with Beijing’s efforts at opening its economy. Any effort by China to elevate formal exchanges on trade issues, for example from a cabinet to vice presidential level, would require the White House’s consent too. State Councillor Yang is not seen to have achieved any breakthroughs in his unofficial role as China’s special envoy to the Trump administration, despite speaking fluent English and being a former Chinese ambassador in Washington. This is partly the reason Liu He, a top economic adviser of Xi’s, is visiting Washington this week, said a senior Asian diplomat, citing conversations with Chinese officials. “Yang will remain a senior diplomat but maybe with less of a United States role,” said the diplomat. Wang Yi has been increasingly outspoken in his defense of Beijing’s interests in recent years and is unusually media friendly for a Chinese official. The possibility he could take up two positions concurrently is unusual but not without precedent. Defense Minister Chang Wanquan, for example, is also a state councillor. There are currently four state councillors - one was sacked on Saturday for corruption - who have specific areas of responsibility, such as defense or foreign policy. As a state councillor, Wang would also have responsibility for another tricky issue - self-ruled Taiwan, claimed by China as its own and which Beijing fears is on the road to formal independence. Wang however has less experience dealing with the United States, and is a Japanese speaker rather than an expert in English. “Promoting Wang would be a reward for him,” said a Western diplomat, referring to Wang’s spirited public defense of Chinese positions, ranging from the disputed South China Sea to rejecting accusations of Chinese spying on the African Union. 
968347762663280641	2018-02-27 04:51:12	https://t.co/WnOUvpTEDm	'Big data' predictions spur detentions in China's Xinjiang: Human Rights Watch https://t.co/WnOUvpTEDm	 (This February 27 story adds missing“did not” to police response in paragraph 6) BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese authorities in the far western region of Xinjiang are detaining suspects flagged by predictive software that combines data on everything from security camera footage to health and banking records, Human Rights Watch (HRW) said on Tuesday. A subsidiary of China Electronics Technology Group announced in 2016 that it would start working with the Xinjiang government to combat extremism by collating data on the behavior of citizens and flagging unusual activity to the authorities. Some people targeted by the system have been detained or sent to“political education centers” as part of the region’s security campaign, according to the HRW report, which cites official announcements and two unidentified sources who have seen the program in operation. “For the first time, we are able to demonstrate that the Chinese government’s use of big data and predictive policing not only blatantly violates privacy rights but also enables officials to arbitrarily detain people,” said Maya Wang, a Hong Kong-based researcher at HRW. Responding to the report, a spokesman from the Xinjiang government referred Reuters to a government white paper on human rights in Xinjiang, and said not to“believe there is rain just because you hear wind,” a phrase that means to worry or complain about something that does not exist. Reuters was unable to independently verify HRW’s claims. China’s Ministry of Public Security did not respond to requests for comment. A similar design of predictive security software is also being rolled out in other regions of China but surveillance is more intrusive in Xinjiang and there are fewer protections for suspects due to government concerns about unrest, she said. Waves of violence have rocked Xinjiang in recent years, largely fueled by tensions between the Han majority and the mostly Muslim Uighur minority who call the region home. Wang said that, while it was unclear whether the system explicitly targeted Uighurs, forms to gather information for the program asked about religious practice and overseas travel. Official reports about the program say it has helped police catch criminals guilty of petty theft and illegal financial dealings, as well as to find Uighur officials who are disloyal to the ruling Communist Party. The“Integrated Joint Operations Platform” pushes lists of people of interest to the police for investigation by crunching data from CCTV cameras, ID card checks and WiFi connections of phones and computers, as well as health, banking and legal records. These lists are meant to be acted upon by measures including face-to-face visits within a day, according to state media reports. The exact algorithm for weighting the various factors was unclear. 
968346254848733190	2018-02-27 04:45:12	https://t.co/fYZsj9iBmf	From @ReutersOpinion: Even in world’s oldest democracies, citizens may be losing control https://t.co/fYZsj9iBmf https://t.co/iSLGQkK2nA	 We know by now what illiberal democracies are. They are countries like Russia, Hungary and Poland, where the formal rules of democratic elections are preserved – though at times with credible claims of vote-rigging, especially in Russia – but where an authoritarian government so dominates the political and social space, so weakens the institutions of civil society, the news media, and the academy, and so plays on popular fears of foreigners and internal minorities, that choice is effectively skewed in one direction. They are illiberal, it’s often claimed, because there is no depth to the democracy. When democratic procedures were adopted by the Eastern and Central European states following the collapse of communist rule in the Soviet Union and the countries of the Soviet bloc from the end of the 1980s, they were overlaid on populations with no previous experience of civic participation, and little understanding of democratic principles. Few of these states have had any more than a brief and often crisis-ridden experience of a polity in which democracy, rule of law and respect for independent institutions were the norm. Today, it seems, old spectres are emerging from their temporary entombment, as anti-Semitism rises again, and recent social and sexual shifts in both law and public opinion in Western states – such as acceptance of same-sex marriages – are shunned. But there’s a new descriptive phrase for our present condition, which is disorienting for those of us who live in societies which do have a substantial democratic history. It is “undemocratic liberalism,” and it comes, like much else that is new, from a Harvard professor, Yascha Mounk, whose book, “People vs. Democracy,” portrays the power of the electorate – assumed to be the final decider in Western societies – as increasingly undercut by special interests and elite maneuvering. In an article for The Atlantic, boldly titled “America is Not a Democracy,” Mounk, citing recent research by political scientists Martin Gilens and Benjamin Page, argued that “economic elites and narrow interest groups … succeeded in getting their favored policies adopted about half of the time…as for the views of ordinary citizens, they had virtually no independent effect at all.” The claim has received dismal underpinning this past week. The massacre of 17 people at a Florida high school caused an outcry by those Americans who support more gun control. A Gallup poll late last year found that a majority of Americans support stronger gun control and, though it is unlikely to be placated by President Trump’s suggestion that teachers be armed, it is unlikely to prevail, once this latest tragedy recedes from memories. Another Harvard professor, Dani Rodrik, has taken Mounk’s conclusion a step further: he believes that bureaucracy and technocracy are now replacing meaningful democratic decision-making. The European Union, he writes, is a prime example of this phenomenon: “decision-making increasingly takes place at considerable distance from the public…the Brexiteers’ call to ‘take back control’ captured the frustration many European voters feel.” The U.S. gun lobby and the National Rifle Association – which was a major contributor to President Trump’s campaign – are perennial and common targets for liberals. But Mounk’s and Rodrik’s warnings point to liberal elites (such as that which created and runs the EU) – economists, financial institutions, policy institutions and even academics – as well.“When elites have sufficient power,” writes Rodrik, “they have little interest in reflecting the preferences of the public at large.” The Brexit campaign was conducted under the slogan of“Take Back Control,” one that seemed to resonate strongly enough to obtain a majority in a country where most politicians and nearly all experts (though not most of the news media) were arguing for Remain (in the EU). Taking back control, for people everywhere, is a message in a bottle which they can fill with their own meaning: for it is a condition of our contemporary lives that control seems to be what we are losing. For an older generation – and for many in all generations – the advent of and our increasing envelopment within a digital universe is deeply puzzling. A UK poll in September 2016 showed that nine out of ten citizens did not know what companies did with the data they had (sometimes unknowingly) shared when they conducted transactions on the internet. A bewildering array of threats to one’s privacy enter into our lives through social media – local and personal examples of the alleged Russian invasions of election campaigns in North America and Europe. Discussion of the future revolves increasingly around dystopian visions, such as that put forth by Yuval Harari in Homo Deus, which describes a world where a minority of human “gods,” possessed of enormously augmented capacities which artificial intelligence (AI) has bequeathed them, rule the majority of the ignorant masses. “Once artificial intelligence surpasses human intelligence,” Harari writes, “it might simply exterminate mankind.” At a few steps back from our fate at the hands of machines we’ve fashioned are the forecasts of mass unemployment – also a result of artificial intelligence, the kind which drives our cars (before killing us). Influential voices – such as Moshe Vardi, professor of computational engineering at Rice University, and the theoretical physicist Stephen Hawking – forecast tens of millions of jobs lost: this time, it seems, the substitution of old work by new work won’t…work. What to make of this? Though AI may, in the pessimists’ view, may eventually make every kind of job, from carpenter to consultant, obsolete, it’s the working-class jobs that will go first. Self-driving trucks will throw truckers out of millions of cabs: are there enough hamburgers to flip to take up the slack (and will hamburger-flipping anyway not already be done by bright young robots?) Thus those who already feel least in control of their lives and the world around them now believe a world still more radically insecure awaits them and their children – even if the latter get a university education. From the way in which our supposedly democratic societies function, to the future of our children and ourselves, someone – or something – now seems to have pre-empted our efforts to freely choose, and to have stilled our voices. The often well-meaning substitution by technology of human actions and voices which, together, had caused or demanded change is the underlying political dilemma of our times. Our current quandary is vast, complex and demanding of radical solutions – just when politics seem at their weakest. 
968341999811166209	2018-02-27 04:28:18	https://t.co/t2HO9VQTO9	Senior U.S. diplomat for North Korea to retire https://t.co/t2HO9VQTO9	 SEOUL/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. special envoy for North Korea plans to retire on Friday, the State Department said just hours after President Donald Trump again rejected talks to resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis unless conditions are met. South Korean-born Joseph Yun, a strong advocate for engagement with Pyongyang, has led U.S. contact with North Korea, quietly pursuing direct diplomacy since taking his post under former President Barack Obama in 2016. Yun’s departure leaves the State Department without a point person for North Korea policy at a time Pyongyang has signaled it may be willing to talk to the United States after a period of diplomatic contacts with South Korea during the Winter Olympics. The special envoy’s authority to engage with North Korea appeared to be undercut by a tug-of-war between the White House and State Department over North Korea policy under Trump. “He was skeptical and wary of the White House’s hardline approach toward North Korea from the beginning”, a senior South Korean official told Reuters, requesting anonymity due to the sensitivity of the matter. Another senior South Korean official said Yun had“run out of steam” amid tension between the White House, which has been carrying out its“maximum pressure” campaign against North Korea, and the State Department, which supported Seoul’s efforts to re-engage Pyongyang. While his tenure was praised publicly by the State Department, one senior administration official said Yun would not be missed because he contradicted Trump’s policies, while at a daily press briefing White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders brushed off questions about the impact of Yun’s departure. Yun, a 32-year foreign service veteran, told U.S. media his retirement was a personal decision and that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson had tried to persuade him to stay. “It is really my decision. The time, I thought, was right,” he told CBS News.“There is a bit of a lull in activity and I thought it would be a good (time) to get out.” Yun did not respond to Reuters requests for comment. In the CBS interview, Yun noted North Korea had“stopped nuclear and missile tests”. Pyongyang conducted its biggest and most recent nuclear bomb test in September and its largest and latest missile test in late November. His departure leaves vacant another key position tasked with dealing with the North’s nuclear and missile threats. Trump has yet to nominate an ambassador to South Korea, a post vacant for over a year. Congress, former U.S. officials and foreign policy experts have criticized the administration’s failure to fill this and other positions. “It’s regrettable that Yun is leaving at this critical moment. It could also have policy implications and a message to Pyongyang”, a third South Korean official said. Some East Asia analysts called Yun’s departure a big blow to attempts to use diplomacy to resolve the crisis over North Korea’s development of nuclear missiles capable of hitting the United States, which has raised fears of war. “This is exceptionally bad news,” Frank Jannuzi, an East Asia expert who heads the Mansfield Foundation, said on Twitter.“Joe Yun is the only senior official left at State who has experience dealing with the complexities of North Korea policy.” Former deputy assistant secretary of defense for East Asia Abraham Denmark called Yun’s departure“a huge loss for the U.S. government at a critical moment.” The U.S. State Department said Tillerson had“reluctantly accepted his decision.” Spokeswoman Heather Nauert said the denuclearization of North Korea remained the top U.S. national security priority and Washington’s“maximum pressure” campaign to bring that about was succeeding. “If someone chooses to retire, that does not change our policy,” Nauert told a regular news briefing.“I feel fully confident we have the appropriate people in place who can handle everything he did and more.” South Korea this week urged Washington and Pyongyang to give ground to allow for talks. Trump on Monday reiterated his willingness to talk, but only under the right conditions. Washington has said repeatedly that any talks must be aimed at North Korea giving up its nuclear weapons, something North Korea has rejected. Yun told South Korea’s Yonhap news agency he was“very hopeful about talks.” “I hope there is a good dialogue, there is a peaceful resolution,” Yonhap quoted him as saying. On Friday, Washington announced its largest package of sanctions yet on North Korea. Trump warned of a“phase two” that could be“very, very unfortunate for the world” if the steps did not work, an apparent reference to military options his administration says remain on the table. In Geneva on Tuesday, North Korea’s envoy to the U.N. Conference on Disarmament Han Tae Song dismissed sanctions as ineffective and said plans by Seoul and Washington to resume joint military exercises would harm“the current positive process of improved inter-Korean relations.” A senior State Department official told Reuters late last year that Yun had sought direct diplomacy with North Korean officials at the United Nations in the hope of lowering the temperature in U.S.-North Korean tensions. Most were deeply skeptical about his chances. “He’s such a dreamer,” a White House official said at the time, with a note of sarcasm. Yun traveled to North Korea last June to help secure the release of comatose American student Otto Warmbier, whose detention and subsequent death further soured relations. 
968338267241418752	2018-02-27 04:13:28	https://t.co/uMCyPnyGMs	U.S. threatens action against Iran after Russia U.N. veto https://t.co/uMCyPnyGMs	 UNITED NATIONS/TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - The United States threatened unilateral action against Iran on Monday after Russia vetoed a western bid for the United Nations Security Council to call out Tehran for failing to prevent its weapons from falling into the hands of Yemen’s Houthi group. “If Russia is going to continue to cover for Iran then the U.S. and our partners need to take action on our own. If we’re not going to get action on the council then we have to take our own actions,” U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Nikki Haley told reporters during a visit to Honduran capital Tegucigalpa. Haley did not specify what kind of action could be taken. The Russian veto was a defeat for the United States, which has been lobbying for months for Iran to be held accountable at the United Nations, while at the same time threatening to quit a 2015 deal among world powers to curb Iran’s nuclear program if“disastrous flaws” are not fixed. “Obviously this vote isn’t going to make the decision on the nuclear deal. What I can say is it doesn’t help,” Haley said.“That just validated a lot of what we already thought which is Iran gets a pass for its dangerous and illegal behavior.” President Donald Trump warned European allies last month that they had to commit by mid-May to work with Washington to improve the pact. Britain drafted the failed U.N. resolution in consultation with the United States and France. The initial draft text - to renew the annual mandate of a targeted sanctions regime related to Yemen - wanted to include a condemnation of Iran for violating an arms embargo on Houthi leaders and include a council commitment to take action over it. In a bid to win Moscow’s support, the draft that was vetoed had been weakened to simply“note with particular concern” the violation, which was reported to the council by U.N. experts monitoring sanctions. It received 11 votes in favor, two against - Russia and Bolivia - while China and Kazakhstan abstained. Russia has questioned the findings of the U.N. experts report, which was submitted to the council in January. A council resolution needs nine votes in favor and no vetoes by Russia, China, the United States, France or Britain to pass. Following the failed vote on the British draft, the council adopted a rival Russian draft that did not mention Iran and simply renewed the U.N. sanctions regime on Yemen for a year. A senior Western diplomat, speaking on condition of anonymity, acknowledged that the international community - and in particular, the Europeans - needed to do more to voice their concerns about Iran’s behavior. “We don’t have any illusions with regard to Iran’s policy towards Israel, Iran’s role in the region ... and also what they do in terms of constructing ballistic missiles,” the diplomat said.“What we’re trying, and have to do ... is to actually make these points even clearer than in the past.” A proxy war is playing out in Yemen between Iran and U.S. ally Saudi Arabia. A Saudi-led coalition intervened in Yemen in 2015, backing government forces fighting Iran-allied Houthi rebels. Iran has denied supplying the Houthis weapons. After the Security Council voted on Monday, Iran’s mission to the United Nations accused the United States and Britain of misusing the council“to advance their political agenda and put the blame of all that happens in Yemen on Iran.” 
968330970209366018	2018-02-27 03:44:28	https://t.co/WN6o1UKdcf	Singapore PM says will reshuffle cabinet to support his successor https://t.co/WN6o1UKdcf	 SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong said on Tuesday he will reshuffle his cabinet once parliament enters a mid-term break in coming months to give more responsibility to the next generation of leaders who will support his eventual successor. Lee, the eldest son of Singapore’s founding father Lee Kuan Yew and the city-state’s third prime minister since independence in 1965, said in October he would be ready to step down in a couple of years. He said a new election could be called any time before early 2021, when parliament’s current term ends, and that his successor was likely to emerge from the current cabinet. “I will reshuffle the Cabinet after Parliament prorogues, to give the younger members more exposure and responsibility. This way, my successor will be supported by a stronger and more experienced team, committed to leading Singapore to a better and brighter future,” Lee said in a Facebook post. Singapore’s parliament is due to be suspended, or prorogued, for a mid-term break following a debate on the budget, which starts on Tuesday, and another on ministries’ spending plans. Parliament will re-open in May with an address by President Halimah Yacob, and Lee said on Tuesday he was asking the next generation of ministers to draft the government’s agenda for the address to“give Singaporeans a better sense of them and their thoughts”. Questions about succession in the wealthy Southeast Asian city state - which has been governed by the People’s Action Party (PAP) since independence - came into focus when Lee, who has twice survived cancer, fell ill during a televised speech in 2016 and stumbled at a podium. The Singapore media and political analysts say Finance Minister Heng Swee Keat, Education Minister Ong Ye Kung and cabinet member Chan Chun Sing are contenders to be the island’s next leader. Deputy Prime Minister Tharman Shanmugaratnam, also mentioned as a potential successor, has repeatedly said he does not want the job. Former prime minister Goh Chok Tong said in a Facebook post in December he hoped Singapore’s current crop of leaders could choose Lee’s potential successor in six to nine months’ time. Lee responded by saying the process would probably take a little longer, local media reported. In the 2015 general election, the PAP won almost 70 per cent of the popular vote and swept all but six of parliament’s 89 seats. The party’s lowest vote share was 60 percent in 2011. 
968329871888977921	2018-02-27 03:40:06	https://t.co/g7jPCK3FOr	Amazon takes on delivery challenge for Australian merchants https://t.co/g7jPCK3FOr https://t.co/ypvbKoSlos	 SYDNEY/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Amazon.com Inc began selling its in-house delivery service to third-party vendors in Australia on Tuesday, taking on a major logistical challenge in the continent that invented the expression“tyranny of distance”. Three months after opening in Australia, the world’s No. 1 online retailer said merchants could pay it to pack and ship their products through its new Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) program. Its fast-shipping paid subscription club for shoppers, Prime, would follow by the middle of the year. That means Amazon, not its thousands of Australian vendors, takes responsibility for meeting delivery estimates in a country of 24 million people spread over an island the size of the mainland United States, with little inland transport infrastructure. Some Amazon shoppers in remote Outback settlements - places where doctors make house calls by airplane - have already complained about slower delivery times than suggested by the company’s website. Though Amazon takes responsibility for FBA shipping, its main delivery partner is government-run Australia Post. Australia Post declined to comment. The service has said it had its busiest month in December, when Amazon started in the world’s 12th-largest economy. Amazon said its FBA service saved businesses time“as they will no longer need to individually purchase shipping materials, individually pack orders, and make multiple trips to the post office”. So far, Amazon has run its Australian business from a single warehouse outside Melbourne city, on the country’s east coast where most of the population lives. As with Canada, where it also launched its fulfillment service with only one warehouse, analysts now expect Amazon to open more warehouses to service far-flung Australian communities. “Australia is big. It’s a signal that they’re going to build more,” Wedbush Securities analyst Michael Pachter said. Marc Wulfraat, president of Montreal-based logistics consultancy MWPVL International Inc, said it made sense for Amazon to open depots in Sydney, the country’s most populous city, and Perth on the west coast. “The logic is that Sydney and Perth will follow,” he said. Subscription fees from Prime would help offset any shipping losses that Amazon incurred, he added. Shares of Australian brick-and-mortar non-food retailers were higher in mid-session trading, in line with the broader market. Shares of the country’s biggest stand-alone online retailer, Kogan.com Ltd, were down 4 percent. 
968327410000322560	2018-02-27 03:30:19	https://t.co/KiMj304naU	Austrian broadcaster sues far-right leader over fake news claim https://t.co/KiMj304naU https://t.co/PqYlKw4Zk2	 VIENNA (Reuters) - Austria’s public broadcaster ORF has taken the highly unusual step of filing a lawsuit against the deputy head of the government, it said on Monday, after he accused it and its star news presenter of lying. Vice Chancellor Heinz-Christian Strache, who heads the far-right Freedom Party, has long accused the broadcaster of left-wing bias. He has said he plans to ensure it must report more objectively and scrap the license fee that funds it. Two weeks ago Strache posted a picture on Facebook of ORF news presenter Armin Wolf with the words:“There is a place where lies become news. That place is ORF.” Wolf has sued Strache, saying no politician has accused him of lying before. ORF, which had already demanded an apology from Strache, said on Monday it had brought its own case against the vice chancellor. “Vice Chancellor Strache accused ORF, by doctoring ORF advertising material, of spreading fake news, lies and propaganda in all its media,” ORF Director General Alexander Wrabetz said in a brief statement, adding that the text was“libellous and damaging to (ORF’s) reputation” it said. ORF said it was also taking legal action against Facebook for not acceding to its request that Strache’s posting be deleted. Strache has argued that because he added the one-word caption“Satire!” to his posting it was clearly a prank to mark Mardi Gras. But in accordance with legal practice in Austria, he posted a legal text on Facebook in the early hours of Saturday that made clear a court had found Wolf’s case was well founded, though a full ruling has yet to be reached. President Alexander Van der Bellen has also condemned the remarks made by Strache, whose party is the junior coalition partner to Chancellor Sebastian Kurz’s conservatives. 
968315557224198144	2018-02-27 02:43:13	https://t.co/uJuqye7cgf	Singapore PM says will reshuffle cabinet in coming months https://t.co/uJuqye7cgf	 SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong said on Tuesday he will reshuffle his cabinet once parliament enters a mid-term break in coming months to give more responsibility to the next generation of leaders who will support his eventual successor. Lee, the eldest son of Singapore’s founding father Lee Kuan Yew and the city-state’s third prime minister since independence in 1965, said in October he would be ready to step down in a couple of years. He said a new election could be called any time before early 2021, when parliament’s current term ends, and that his successor was likely to emerge from the current cabinet. “I will reshuffle the Cabinet after Parliament prorogues, to give the younger members more exposure and responsibility. This way, my successor will be supported by a stronger and more experienced team, committed to leading Singapore to a better and brighter future,” Lee said in a Facebook post. Singapore’s parliament is due to be suspended, or prorogued, for a mid-term break following a debate on the budget, which starts on Tuesday, and another on ministries’ spending plans. Parliament will re-open in May with an address by President Halimah Yacob, and Lee said on Tuesday he was asking the next generation of ministers to draft the government’s agenda for the address to“give Singaporeans a better sense of them and their thoughts”. Questions about succession in the wealthy Southeast Asian city state - which has been governed by the People’s Action Party (PAP) since independence - came into focus when Lee, who has twice survived cancer, fell ill during a televised speech in 2016 and stumbled at a podium. The Singapore media and political analysts say Finance Minister Heng Swee Keat, Education Minister Ong Ye Kung and cabinet member Chan Chun Sing are contenders to be the island’s next leader. Deputy Prime Minister Tharman Shanmugaratnam, also mentioned as a potential successor, has repeatedly said he does not want the job. Former prime minister Goh Chok Tong said in a Facebook post in December he hoped Singapore’s current crop of leaders could choose Lee’s potential successor in six to nine months’ time. Lee responded by saying the process would probably take a little longer, local media reported. In the 2015 general election, the PAP won almost 70 per cent of the popular vote and swept all but six of parliament’s 89 seats. The party’s lowest vote share was 60 percent in 2011. 
968314766732210176	2018-02-27 02:40:05	https://t.co/GyCN7S3y48	California appeals court revives U.S. FTC's case against AT&amp;T https://t.co/GyCN7S3y48 https://t.co/hLydpt0vAO	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A full panel of a California appeals court ruled on Monday that the Federal Trade Commission may push forward with a lawsuit alleging that AT&T Inc was deceptive in slowing internet speeds to customers with unlimited plans. The FTC sued AT&T in 2014 on the grounds that the No. 2 U.S. wireless carrier failed to inform consumers it would slow, or“throttle,” the speeds of heavy data users on unlimited plans. In some cases, data speeds were slowed by nearly 90 percent, the FTC said. AT&T had argued that it was exempt from FTC regulation because it is a common carrier. A three-member appeals court agreed, and the FTC appealed to a full panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. That larger court ruled for the agency and revived the lawsuit. The lawsuit has been closely watched because critics warned that the prior ruling could leave internet service providers without a U.S. regulator. The Federal Communications Commission in December voted 3-2 to end the net neutrality rules that were designed to ensure a free and open internet and transfer oversight of ISPs to the FTC. “Today’s decision on jurisdiction does not address the merits of the case. We are reviewing the opinion and continue to believe we ultimately will prevail,” AT&T spokesman Marty Richter said. Both FTC Chair Maureen Ohlhausen and FCC Chairman Ajit Pai praised the decision. Ohlhausen called it“good news for consumers.” “It ensures that the FTC can and will continue to play its vital role in safeguarding consumer interests including privacy protection, as well as stopping anticompetitive market behavior,” she said in a statement. 
968313371891298304	2018-02-27 02:34:32	https://t.co/HbZ5nky39A	ExxonMobil shuts LNG plant in Papua New Guinea; reports of casualties https://t.co/HbZ5nky39A	 MELBOURNE (Reuters) - Up to 14 people were killed in landslides and by collapsed buildings during a powerful earthquake in the remote Papua New Guinea highlands, police and a hospital worker said on Tuesday, with unconfirmed reports of up to 30 dead. The 7.5 magnitude quake that rocked the region early on Monday also damaged mining and power infrastructure and led ExxonMobil Corp to shut its $19 billion liquefied natural gas (LNG) plant, the country’s biggest export earner. Two buildings collapsed and along with a landslide killed 12 people in Mendi, the provincial capital of the Southern Highlands, said Julie Sakol, a nurse at Mendi General Hospital, where the bodies were brought to the morgue. “People are afraid. The shaking is still continuing. There’s nowhere to go but people are just moving around,” she said. Dozens of aftershocks rattled the area, including a 5.7 quake on Tuesday afternoon, the U.S. Geological Survey reported. Police in Mendi said 14 people were killed in the initial quake, including three in Poroma, south of Mendi. “They were killed by landslides destroying families sleeping in their houses,” said Naring Bongi, a police officer in Mendi. Provincial Administrator William Bando said more than 30 people were believed to have been killed in the rugged region, about 560 km (350 miles) northwest of the capital, Port Moresby, the Papua New Guinea Post-Courier reported. The PNG disaster management office said it was verifying the reports but it could take days to confirm a death toll. With a lack of communications preventing a clear assessment of damage, aid agencies had not yet begun relief efforts, said Udaya Regmi, head of the International Red Cross in Papua New Guinea, in Port Moresby. “The magnitude of the earthquake is quite huge, so there must be an impact ... but we cannot say how many people are actually affected and what they need,” Regmi said. Prime Minister Peter O’Neill said the defense force was on standby to assist“when the extent of damage has been confirmed.” “We know that there have been houses lost, roads cut by land slips and disruption to services,” he said in a statement. ExxonMobil said communications with nearby communities remained down, hampering efforts to assess damage to its facilities that feed the PNG LNG plant. “Communications continue to be one of the most significant challenges,” the company said in an emailed statement. Its partner, Oil Search Ltd, said a review of all of its facilities and infrastructure would take at least a week, and an industry source told Reuters that the Exxon plant will likely be shut at least seven days. Miners Barrick Gold Corp and Ok Tedi Mining also reported damage to infrastructure. The PNG LNG project is considered one of the world’s best-performing LNG operations, having started exports in 2014 ahead of schedule, despite the challenge of drilling for gas and building a plant and pipeline in the remote jungle of PNG. The liquefaction plant has also been producing at around 20 percent above its rated capacity of 6.9 million tonnes a year. ExxonMobil said it shut the two LNG processing units, or trains, at its site on the coast near Port Moresby after earlier shutting its Hides gas conditioning plant and Hides production pads in Hela province in the highlands region. Gas is processed at Hides and transported along a 700 km (435 miles) line that feeds the PNG LNG plant, whose main customers are in Japan, China and Taiwan. Traders said the impact on the LNG market would depend on the duration of the shutdown, but noted that spot prices have recently fallen from more than $10 per million British thermal units (mmBtu) as North Asia is coming out of the period of heavy winter gas demand. [LNG/] “The global LNG market is likely to respond immediately as the buyers need to seek alternative sources,” said Boseok Jin, a research analyst at HIS Markit. Barrick said some activities at the Porgera gold mine have been suspended to save electricity as the power station that supplies the mine had been damaged. The mine is co-owned by Barrick and China’s Zijin Mining. State-owned Ok Tedi said by email that a landslip had blocked a road and damaged pipelines to its copper and gold mine in the Star Mountains, adding that the road would take up to two days to be cleared. Earthquakes are common in Papua New Guinea, which sits on the Pacific’s“Ring of Fire”, a hotspot for seismic activity due to friction between tectonic plates. Part of PNG’s northern coast was devastated in 1998 by a tsunami, generated by a 7.0 quake, which killed about 2,200 people. 
968312902305361920	2018-02-27 02:32:40	https://t.co/LihXP1kLuo	Facebook settles lawsuit over 2012 IPO for $35 million https://t.co/LihXP1kLuo https://t.co/gu2ZppUf6r	 (Reuters) - Facebook Inc and Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg have reached a $35 million settlement of class-action litigation accusing them of hiding worries about the social media company’s growth prior to its May 2012 initial public offering. The settlement was filed on Monday in the federal court in Manhattan and won preliminary approval from U.S. District Judge Robert Sweet. It amounts to a small fraction of Facebook’s current market value of roughly $537 billion as of Monday’s market close. Shareholders led by the Arkansas Teacher Retirement System and Fresno County Employees’ Retirement Association in California accused Facebook of concealing internal concerns about how growth in mobile devices might reduce revenue, even as it quietly warned its banks to cut their forecasts. Unlike in 2012, the Menlo Park, California-based company now generates most of its revenue from mobile devices and has estimated that mobile advertising generated more than 86 percent of its $40.7 billion total revenue in 2017. The settlement resolves claims against Facebook, officials including Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg and director Peter Thiel, and bank underwriters covering a five-day period surrounding the $16 billion IPO, from May 17 to May 21, 2012. Facebook made its market debut on May 18 of that year at $38 per share and saw its share price languish below that level for more than a year before it rebounded. “Resolving this case is in the best interests of the company and our shareholders,” Associate General Counsel Sandeep Solanki said in a statement. A lawyer for the shareholders did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Sweet scheduled a Sept. 5 hearing to consider final settlement approval. The accord was reached after mediation, and provides an average recovery of about 11 cents per share, or 7 cents per share after possible legal fees and costs, court papers show. Insurers may cover some of the payout. Lawyers for the shareholders called the settlement“fair, reasonable, and adequate,” citing the risk of a loss at trial, according to court papers. Facebook shares rose $1.64 on Monday to close at $184.93 on the Nasdaq. The case is In re: Facebook Inc IPO Securities and Derivative Litigation, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 12-md-02389. 
968311012234530816	2018-02-27 02:25:10	https://t.co/lYWHGx6VYI	From @ReutersOpinion: How to stop social media from supercharging hate speech https://t.co/lYWHGx6VYI https://t.co/C9yU3IUEyx	 Donald Trump’s retweets of anti-Muslim videos first circulated by an anti-immigrant, far-right British party were just the tip of the iceberg. From Myanmar to the United States, controversial posts by political leaders and public figures have sparked a growing and increasingly global debate about how social media may be facilitating the spread of hatred and discrimination. But this discussion is only the latest in a larger debate that is as old as the internet itself: who should decide the limits of freedom of expression online, and how should they do it? We have come a long way from the days when Facebook, YouTube and Twitter were hailed as enablers of free speech and democracy. Such platforms have undeniably helped to democratize the public sphere. Individuals can amass tens of thousands of followers, and earn millions of views, without relying on the media, public relations agencies, or governments. Activists can organize, disseminate information and mobilize more effectively than ever before. It is a testament to the power of social media that many countries are imposing stricter controls or even blocking their access entirely. We must bear the positive aspects of that power in mind when we consider how best to tackle its flip side: the way social platforms can be used to spread abuse, vitriol and hatred more rapidly than ever before. In 2017, politicians in many countries deployed social media to spread hate-filled agendas. Amnesty International’s latest annual report on the state of the world’s human rights documents a global rise in state-sponsored hate, and chronicles the variety of ways governments and leaders are increasingly peddling hateful rhetoric and policies that seek to demonize already marginalized groups; President Trump’s transparently-hateful travel ban on citizens from half a dozen Muslim-majority countries was one of the most prominent examples. As access to social media expands worldwide, it is increasingly being used by governments to promote hateful rhetoric, to control their citizens, and to silence any opposition. From xenophobic statements by politicians against LGBTI and Roma people in Bulgaria, anti-Rohingya propaganda posted on Facebook by senior military officers and government spokespeople in Myanmar, and the use of troll networks against government critics in the Philippines, those in power are learning how to use social media as yet another tool of repression. These findings present many dilemmas. To what extent are social media companies such as Facebook and Twitter – who have responded only belatedly to the torrent of hate speech and“fake news”– at fault? Should governments take action? What can we do to preserve the good that social media can offer while countering its more corrosive effects? There are no simple answers. The right to free expression protects ideas that many people find offensive, and there are many instances where racist, sexist, xenophobic or other hateful material is not prohibited under human rights law. Nevertheless, freedom of expression comes with responsibilities, and there are cases under human rights law – such as incitement to violence or child sex abuse imagery – where it can legitimately be restricted. Complexities tend to arise because the definition of“offense” is always subjective: one person’s free speech is another’s vicious diatribe. Any attempt at regulation must also consider the fact that the right to be able to say things to which others – including those in positions of power – will vehemently object is one of the foundations of an open society. Take that away and you take away the free press and any kind of government accountability. For all their potential for abuse, social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter provide a space for expression and access to information that is much freer than anything available in the past. Yet, this freedom is fragile – for example, Amnesty’s research has shown that online abuse can have a silencing effect on its targets. So what’s the solution? There are three types of actions that can be taken to counter hate on social media and the internet more generally: legal enforcement, content moderation, and education. States should have in place laws that prohibit advocacy of hatred, and take legal action only in the very clearly-defined cases allowed by international human rights law. Specifically this is when there is a clear show of intent to incite others to discrimination, hostility or violence against a particular group. Nevertheless, many governments have threatened social media companies with strict rules on intermediary liability, which means that companies may be held liable for content posted on their platforms. The problem is that intermediary liability can easily be used to restrict freedom of expression and to force companies to censor their users for fear of legal consequences. Regardless of government regulation, companies have a responsibility to avoid causing or contributing to human rights harms. Content moderation by social media companies is therefore an important part of the solution: it does not require legislation and therefore does not open the doors to unjustified restrictions on freedom of expression. All major platforms have community standards and rules of conduct in place to deal with advocacy of hatred and discrimination, which would work well so long as they did not conflict with human rights law. Making them effective will require social media companies to consistently uphold these rules, and to devote sufficient resources to addressing violations. This means improving the tools available to users to report abusive content, employing and training content moderators, and measures to identify and restrict troll networks. It also requires transparency about the rate at which these rules and standards are violated, including information about types of abuse and actions taken. Reducing the spread of hate on social media also requires education. This is perhaps the most important intervention: legal enforcement and content moderation can only treat the symptoms of online abuse. Whether it is through school programs, or campaigns on social media itself, the only viable long-term way to reduce racism, sexism and bigotry online is by understanding and addressing the roots of discrimination and hate in our societies. 
968307760759738369	2018-02-27 02:12:15	https://t.co/Qf49TM1d45	Maldives opposition protesters arrested after top court validates emergency rule https://t.co/Qf49TM1d45	 MALE (Reuters) - Maldives police have arrested at least another four opposition members under state of emergency laws for protesting against President Abdulla Yameen’s government, the opposition said on Tuesday. The top court in the Maldives last week validated a 30-day extension of the state of emergency, which was sought by Yameen over what he has called a national security threat and constitutional crisis. Opposition politicians defied a police order to stop protesting after 10:30 p.m. on Monday (1730 GMT) and continued to demand that Yameen implement a Supreme Court ruling that quashed convictions against nine opposition leaders and ordered the release of politicians and officials held in prison. The Maldivian Democratic Party, the main opposition party, said on Twitter police had arrested Mohamed Ameeth and Abdulla Ahmed, two lawmakers who had defected from Yameen’s party, and two more from other opposition parties late on Monday. Independent television Raajje TV, which showed footage of police forcibly blocking protesters, said Abdulla Ahmed was arrested while giving a media interview about the protest. Maldives State Health Minister Dunya Maumoon became the second government minister to resign since the crisis erupted on Feb. 1, saying in a letter on Tuesday she was grieving over the arrest earlier this month of her father, Maumoon Abdul Gayoom, Yameen’s half-brother and also the island nation’s longest-serving leader. He ruled the Maldives for 30 years until 2008. Under the emergency, Yameen’s administration arrested Gayoom, the chief justice and another Supreme Court judge on allegations of attempting to overthrow the government. The United Nations, the United States, the European Union, India and others have all urged Yameen’s government to lift the state of emergency, first declared on Feb. 5 for 15 days, and to release opposition leaders from jail, but it has so far refused. The Maldives foreign ministry said there was no legal mandate to implement the Supreme Court order, which also included reinstating 12 lawmakers stripped of their parliamentary seats by Yameen’s party for defecting last year. “The government will ensure that the state of emergency is lifted as soon as the threats posed to national security are addressed satisfactorily,” the ministry said in a statement. Rights group Amnesty International said in a statement the Maldivian government was using the emergency “as a license for repression, targeting members of civil society, judges and political opponents”. Tour operators say hundreds of hotel bookings have been canceled daily since the emergency was imposed, despite government assurances that all was normal in Indian Ocean resort islands far from the capital. The EU threatened the Maldives on Monday with “targeted measures” if the crisis did not improve. “The Council (representing the member states) condemns politically motivated arrests and calls for the immediate release of all political prisoners,” the EU said in a statement. “The Council also condemns any interference with the work of the Supreme Court of the Maldives and actions taken against the judiciary and the judges,” it said. The country’s prosecutor general has said the extension of the state of emergency is unconstitutional because parliament lacked the required quorum when it voted last week. However, the three-judge Supreme Court, which is functioning without a chief justice, said late on Monday the parliamentary vote on the extension was valid. Yameen has also fired two police chiefs who said they would uphold the court’s rulings. His government retains a majority in parliament in the absence of the 12 MPs stripped of their seats. 
968284567001096194	2018-02-27 00:40:05	https://t.co/MZwFTeULvP	Breakingviews - Hadas: Billy Graham's great missed economic chance https://t.co/MZwFTeULvP https://t.co/NBiS6QSaY5	 LONDON (Reuters Breakingviews) - Billy Graham almost never spoke about economic or social controversies. The evangelist, who died last week at 99, preached the Christian faith and largely left good works to take care of themselves. Arguably, American society would have benefited from a more activist Graham. Obviously, could-have-been theories of history are pure speculation. Still, the Protestant superstar lived through a period when many Christians around the world decided that the social mission was an integral and obligatory part of living out the gospel. Graham could plausibly have joined them. After all, he responded warmly to the Roman Catholic Church’s Second Vatican Council, whose 1965 document on“The Church in the Modern World” began with an expression of solidarity: “The joys and the hopes, the griefs and the anxieties of the men of this age, especially those who are poor or in any way afflicted”. This did not merely restate the Catholic Church’s social teaching, which had been developing for over 80 years. It vastly expanded its scope. What was once primarily a statement of solidarity with oppressed Catholic workers became a call for justice for all, believers and non-believers alike. The church had signed up fully to the fight against global poverty and social exclusion. In Europe, that required working closely with secular governments. Many Protestants endorsed a similar vision. The 1974 Lausanne Covenant was a statement of evangelical intent signed by representatives of many often-antagonistic denominations. Its 15 clauses include one on“Christian Social Responsibility”, which stated: “The message of salvation implies also a message of judgment upon every form of alienation, oppression and discrimination, and we should not be afraid to denounce evil and injustice wherever they exist.” Paul VI, who was then the leader of the Catholic Church, would have signed up to that, had he been invited. Graham organised the Lausanne meeting and helped to draft the Covenant. However, his own vision of social responsibility was in practice narrower, limited to a firm opposition to communism and tepid support for the U.S. civil-rights movement. Basically, he was persuaded that the fruits of true Christian conversion would inevitably include good works for the poor. It is easy to understand why Graham was wary of the Christian social agenda. In the American Protestant world, the most enthusiastic social reformers were political and social liberals. Graham had no time for them, and not only because they often sneered at his psychologically naive approach to conversion. In his eyes, these self-proclaimed Christians were often walking on the wide, secular road that led to moral relativism, sexual depravity, and eternal damnation. Their willingness to cooperate with socialist political forces only added to his mistrust. Graham’s single-minded focus on conversion and church-building helped lead American evangelical Protestants away from economic politics. Universal welfare, education and healthcare programmes, which Catholics were enthusiastically endorsing in Europe, were far from his mind. He did not even spend much energy promoting the traditional American church outreach into troubled communities. Neither the bishops of Vatican II nor the dignitaries at Lausanne a decade later recognised just how fast the Christian influence on the societies of developed economies was about to decline. Organised Christianity is no longer the driving political or social force. What are left are two quite different legacies. The European Union is just as hostile as any American liberal to the Church’s teachings on sexuality and marriage. However, the Christian social agenda, which was also largely endorsed by the continent’s Protestant minority, along with socialists and paternalists, remains official policy in almost all the Old Continent. In other words, while Catholic bishops have no clout, some of their message still lingers. And the durability of the European welfare systems which they endorsed has economic and political implications. They have promoted social mobility, spread education more widely and probably slowed the development of populism. This social post-Christianity has many problems, right now particularly with the church-endorsed welcoming of migrants, but its accomplishments remain substantial. It is quite different in the United States, where Protestants outnumber Catholics two-to-one. Evangelicals still decry sexual immorality, but they are far more hostile to European-style welfare programmes than Catholics or secularists. White evangelicals overall were very receptive to the populism of Donald Trump, despite his three marriages and multiple allegations of sexual misconduct. Works of charity have lost out. The current opioid crisis, which disproportionately struck the white Protestant heartland, bears witness. Faith undoubtedly still overcomes the darkness of the soul for people who hear the call that Graham so effectively preached. However, the rise in what Princeton University professors Angus Deaton and Anne Case call“deaths of despair” – from drugs, alcohol and suicide – is almost an indictment of evangelicals’ narrow approach to good works. Of course, the decisions of a single reverend did not cause America’s social, economic and political problems. Such big changes inevitably have many causes. Still, it is fair to wonder whether a more active social legacy on the part of America’s great preacher would have made America greater.
968282093431136257	2018-02-27 00:30:15	https://t.co/qnCwaX7UDN	Britain is facing serious far-right terrorism threat, UK's top officer https://t.co/qnCwaX7UDN https://t.co/HBPLOldfgY	 LONDON (Reuters) - Britain faces a new and significant threat from organized far-right terrorism, the UK’s most senior counter-terrorism officer said on Monday as he revealed police had foiled four plots by right-wing extremists in the last year. “The right-wing terrorist threat is more significant and more challenging than perhaps public debate gives it credit for,” Mark Rowley, London’s Assistant Commissioner, told reporters. Britain has been a prime target for homegrown and foreign Islamist militants since the 2001 attacks on the United States. But Rowley said until the last two years, far-right activity was limited to unpleasant protests and hate crimes, with serious incidents limited to the actions of isolated individuals. The MI5 domestic spy agency are now involved in investigating the far-right and he warned that British groups were seeking links with international extremists. “It’s a significant part of the terrorist threat. Right-wing terrorism wasn’t previously organised here,” Rowley said. “There are many Western countries that have extreme right-wing challenges and in quite a number of those the groups we are worried about here are making connections with them and networking,” he said, declining to give further details because it was a new, live intelligence phenomenon. Last year, there were five deadly militants attacks in Britain including one carried out by a man who drove a van into worshippers leaving a London mosque after developing a hatred of Muslims by reading extreme right-wing material online. The previous year, a Nazi-obsessed loner murdered lawmaker Jo Cox in a frenzied street attack a week before the referendum on the European Union. Since then, Britain has banned National Action and two other spin-off groups, the first extremist right-wing organizations to be outlawed since the 1940s. “For the best part of 18 months in the UK we have a homegrown, white supremacist, neo-Nazi terrorist organisation that is pursuing all the ambitions of any other terrorist organisation committed to violence,” Rowley said. “That should be a matter of great concern for all of us.” Since the first of the 2017 deadly attacks last March, Rowley said police had foiled 10 Islamist conspiracies and four far-right plots, although he said he could not provide details of these as they were subject to ongoing court cases. To show the overall scale of the threat Britain faced, he said there were 600 terrorism investigations currently ongoing involving more than 3,000 suspects. Over the last three years, terrorism arrests had doubled while in the same period some 2,000 people have been referred to the government’s counter-radicalisation Prevent program, with a third of these over far-right concerns, he said. Rowley, who next month steps down from the role he took on in 2014, said Islamist and far-right extremists were a toxic combination, feeding off each other and pursuing the same agenda of division, fear and hatred. He reiterated British concern about extremists’ use of the internet and said he expected technology and internet firms would react to a mixture of persuasion and regulation as the banking sector had done. He also said it was important that an agreement struck with the European Union for when Britain leaves the bloc in 2019 did not damage relations with their European colleagues. “Whatever the arrangements, we need something that provides at least a good a platform for cooperation as we have today,” he said. 
968271261418819589	2018-02-26 23:47:12	https://t.co/HW1i5tJSXq	Brazil prosecutor asks top court to prevent police chief interfering in Temer case https://t.co/HW1i5tJSXq	 BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazil’s top prosecutor on Monday requested the Supreme Court issue an order to prevent the head of the federal police from interfering in a criminal investigation that could result in new corruption charges against President Michel Temer. The request relates to an investigation into whether Temer accepted bribes in exchange for extending a concession last year for operating services in the Port of Santos, Latin America’s busiest container port. The port investigation is separate from other corruption cases that have resulted in charges, but no trials or convictions, against Temer. Congress voted twice to block him from standing trial on those prior charges while in office. Temer could face trial once he leaves the presidency. Attorney General Raquel Dodge asked the Supreme Court to issue an order barring interference from Federal Police Director-General Fernando Segovia following his remarks in a Reuters interview that he saw no evidence of corruption in the port case. The request included forbidding Segovia from making further public statements about the investigation under possible penalty of being removed from office. In the same legal filing, Dodge agreed with the request by the lead investigator with the Federal Police for 60 more days to complete the investigation. 
968270143510974464	2018-02-26 23:42:46	https://t.co/DLUR49OQfm	Morocco's king undergoes successful heart surgery: state news agency https://t.co/DLUR49OQfm	 RABAT (Reuters) - Morocco’s King Mohammed VI underwent successful heart surgery in France on Monday, state news agency MAP said. The 54-year old king was treated at a Paris clinic after suffering from a “heart rhythm disorder” on Jan. 20, the agency said, adding he had been diagnosed with an “atrial flutter”. The surgery normalized the heart rhythm, and the king would be able to resume his duties without any restrictions, MAP said. The king, who heads the Muslim world’s longest-serving dynasty, took office in 1999 after his father, Hassan II, died of a heart attack. The political and social stability of Morocco is closely watched by Western governments as it is the only country in North Africa where jihadist groups have failed to gain a foothold, and is an important partner against Islamist militancy in terms of intelligence-sharing. The kingdom has escaped mass uprisings such as in Egypt, Libya or other Arab countries, but protests have erupted since 2016 in some rural areas against poverty and unemployment. Morocco has averted previous protests with a combination of limited constitutional reforms, heavy policing and hefty public spending. 
968269475014422529	2018-02-26 23:40:07	https://t.co/Xizj4rQKz4	Austrian broadcaster sues far-right leader over fake news claim https://t.co/Xizj4rQKz4 https://t.co/9r3hyhTObf	 VIENNA (Reuters) - Austria’s public broadcaster ORF has taken the highly unusual step of filing a lawsuit against the deputy head of the government, it said on Monday, after he accused it and its star news presenter of lying. Vice Chancellor Heinz-Christian Strache, who heads the far-right Freedom Party, has long accused the broadcaster of left-wing bias. He has said he plans to ensure it must report more objectively and scrap the license fee that funds it. Two weeks ago Strache posted a picture on Facebook of ORF news presenter Armin Wolf with the words:“There is a place where lies become news. That place is ORF.” Wolf has sued Strache, saying no politician has accused him of lying before. ORF, which had already demanded an apology from Strache, said on Monday it had brought its own case against the vice chancellor. “Vice Chancellor Strache accused ORF, by doctoring ORF advertising material, of spreading fake news, lies and propaganda in all its media,” ORF Director General Alexander Wrabetz said in a brief statement, adding that the text was“libellous and damaging to (ORF’s) reputation” it said. ORF said it was also taking legal action against Facebook for not acceding to its request that Strache’s posting be deleted. Strache has argued that because he added the one-word caption“Satire!” to his posting it was clearly a prank to mark Mardi Gras. But in accordance with legal practice in Austria, he posted a legal text on Facebook in the early hours of Saturday that made clear a court had found Wolf’s case was well founded, though a full ruling has yet to be reached. President Alexander Van der Bellen has also condemned the remarks made by Strache, whose party is the junior coalition partner to Chancellor Sebastian Kurz’s conservatives. 
968267002929442816	2018-02-26 23:30:17	https://t.co/x7TN5kSgd3	Amazon launches delivery business for merchants in Australia https://t.co/x7TN5kSgd3 https://t.co/FSHB9kAvVD	 SYDNEY/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Amazon.com Inc began selling its in-house delivery service to third-party vendors in Australia on Tuesday, taking on a major logistical challenge in the continent that invented the expression“tyranny of distance”. Three months after opening in Australia, the world’s No. 1 online retailer said merchants could pay it to pack and ship their products through its new Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) program. Its fast-shipping paid subscription club for shoppers, Prime, would follow by the middle of the year. That means Amazon, not its thousands of Australian vendors, takes responsibility for meeting delivery estimates in a country of 24 million people spread over an island the size of the mainland United States, with little inland transport infrastructure. Some Amazon shoppers in remote Outback settlements - places where doctors make house calls by airplane - have already complained about slower delivery times than suggested by the company’s website. Though Amazon takes responsibility for FBA shipping, its main delivery partner is government-run Australia Post. Australia Post declined to comment. The service has said it had its busiest month in December, when Amazon started in the world’s 12th-largest economy. Amazon said its FBA service saved businesses time“as they will no longer need to individually purchase shipping materials, individually pack orders, and make multiple trips to the post office”. So far, Amazon has run its Australian business from a single warehouse outside Melbourne city, on the country’s east coast where most of the population lives. As with Canada, where it also launched its fulfillment service with only one warehouse, analysts now expect Amazon to open more warehouses to service far-flung Australian communities. “Australia is big. It’s a signal that they’re going to build more,” Wedbush Securities analyst Michael Pachter said. Marc Wulfraat, president of Montreal-based logistics consultancy MWPVL International Inc, said it made sense for Amazon to open depots in Sydney, the country’s most populous city, and Perth on the west coast. “The logic is that Sydney and Perth will follow,” he said. Subscription fees from Prime would help offset any shipping losses that Amazon incurred, he added. Shares of Australian brick-and-mortar non-food retailers were higher in mid-session trading, in line with the broader market. Shares of the country’s biggest stand-alone online retailer, Kogan.com Ltd, were down 4 percent. 
968260080587112449	2018-02-26 23:02:47	https://t.co/lGxtWa7QOG	Morocco's king undergoes heart surgery: state news agency https://t.co/lGxtWa7QOG	 RABAT (Reuters) - Morocco’s King Mohammed VI underwent successful heart surgery in France on Monday, state news agency MAP said. The 54-year old king was treated at a Paris clinic after suffering from a“heart rhythm disorder” on Jan. 20, the agency said, adding he had been diagnosed with an“atrial flutter”. The surgery normalized the heart rhythm, and the king would be able to resume his duties without any restrictions, MAP said. The king, who heads the Muslim world’s longest-serving dynasty, took office in 1999 after his father, Hassan II, died of a heart attack. The political and social stability of Morocco is closely watched by Western governments as it is the only country in North Africa where jihadist groups have failed to gain a foothold, and is an important partner against Islamist militancy in terms of intelligence-sharing. The kingdom has escaped mass uprisings such as in Egypt, Libya or other Arab countries, but protests have erupted since 2016 in some rural areas against poverty and unemployment. Morocco has averted previous protests with a combination of limited constitutional reforms, heavy policing and hefty public spending. 
968257074005270528	2018-02-26 22:50:50	https://t.co/njECHsteMN	Britain will keep data flowing post-Brexit - minister https://t.co/njECHsteMN https://t.co/CMLjDP6JV7	 BARCELONA (Reuters) - Britain is working to ensure data will flow unhindered between the UK and Europe after Brexit, and technology companies will still be able to access the best international talent, junior trade minister Graham Stuart told Reuters on Monday. Frictionless data transfer, as enshrined in new European legislation shaped by Britain, and the ability to find talented engineers and other workers after Brexit are the top two demands from tech and telecoms companies. Vittorio Colao, CEO of Vodafone (VOD.L), said earlier on Monday at the world’s biggest mobile show that the notion of “managed divergence” between British and EU rules after Britain leaves the trading bloc made no sense and would not work. Britain is believed to favour mixed approach of “managed divergence” after it leaves, whereby it will follow EU rules in some sectors and diverge from them in others. European Council President Donald Tusk on Friday called the ideas floated so far “pure illusion”. Stuart, who promotes investment in the UK by foreign partners and helps British companies export, said the government was “committed to ensuring that data flows in Europe”. “Data is a high priority for the government in the negotiations to ensure that we have a system that works and facilitates the transfer in a way which does not create barriers for operators on either side of the Channel,” he said. “It is absolutely critical to the industrial future set out in our recent strategy that data flows are not interrupted.” Stuart said it was up to others in the government to negotiate the details of a data agreement as part of a trade package with the European Union. But he said tech companies in Britain would be able to employ the best engineers and other talent from international markets after Britain leaves. “The government remains committed to ensuing that people can access talent, and clearly you can see by their actual investment decision that companies are reassured,” he said. Companies including Google, Facebook and Amazon have announced investments in London since the 2016 EU referendum. Stuart was speaking on the first day of the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, where he said Britain had a bigger presence than ever and was helping nearly 200 companies secure more deals in international markets. 
968251910519128065	2018-02-26 22:30:19	https://t.co/dj3z9luliG	California appeals court revives U.S. FTC's case against AT&amp;T https://t.co/dj3z9luliG https://t.co/q5jieptkw3	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A full panel of a California appeals court ruled on Monday that the Federal Trade Commission may push forward with a lawsuit alleging that AT&T Inc was deceptive in slowing internet speeds to customers with unlimited plans. The FTC sued AT&T in 2014 on the grounds that the No. 2 U.S. wireless carrier failed to inform consumers it would slow, or“throttle,” the speeds of heavy data users on unlimited plans. In some cases, data speeds were slowed by nearly 90 percent, the FTC said. AT&T had argued that it was exempt from FTC regulation because it is a common carrier. A three-member appeals court agreed, and the FTC appealed to a full panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. That larger court ruled for the agency and revived the lawsuit. The lawsuit has been closely watched because critics warned that the prior ruling could leave internet service providers without a U.S. regulator. The Federal Communications Commission in December voted 3-2 to end the net neutrality rules that were designed to ensure a free and open internet and transfer oversight of ISPs to the FTC. “Today’s decision on jurisdiction does not address the merits of the case. We are reviewing the opinion and continue to believe we ultimately will prevail,” AT&T spokesman Marty Richter said. Both FTC Chair Maureen Ohlhausen and FCC Chairman Ajit Pai praised the decision. Ohlhausen called it“good news for consumers.” “It ensures that the FTC can and will continue to play its vital role in safeguarding consumer interests including privacy protection, as well as stopping anticompetitive market behavior,” she said in a statement. 
968250337973895169	2018-02-26 22:24:04	https://t.co/dNll4UJVLe	New Zealand prime minister creates new cabinet post for disarmament https://t.co/dNll4UJVLe	 WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealand’s Prime Minister on Tuesday used her first major foreign policy address to announce she is establishing a ministerial position for disarmament amid tensions in the Asia-Pacific region over North Korea’s weapons programs. Jacinda Ardern, whose Labour-led government took the helm in October, said that her Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Affairs Minister Winston Peters would take up the new cabinet role. “Risks to global peace and security are growing. The greatest challenge we have today comes from North Korea, situated right here in our region,” she told a foreign affairs conference in the capital, Wellington. On Friday, the United States announced that it was imposing its largest package of sanctions yet aimed at getting North Korea to give up its nuclear and missile programs. Then on Monday, U.N. Secretary General Antonio Guterres’ called for a new global effort to get rid of nuclear weapons, drawing a cautious response from envoys of atomic-armed powers at odds for decades over nuclear disarmament. “The portfolio ... is an acknowledgment of the emphasis this government places on our long held anti-nuclear stance, and the role we must play now and in the future,” New Zealand’s Ardern said. New Zealand has long adopted a firm line in opposing development of nuclear capabilities, which at times puts the small Pacific nation at odds with some allies. In the mid-1980s, the Labour government of the time announced its decision to ban ships that were either nuclear-powered or nuclear-armed, prompting the United States to suspend security treaty obligations to New Zealand. Since then, relations warmed a little with New Zealand’s previous center-right National government in 2016 approving the first U.S. warship to visit the country in 30 years. The new disarmament minister Peters is among a handful of Western politicians to visit North Korea, during a previous tenure as foreign minister in 2005. 
968245907740413953	2018-02-26 22:06:28	https://t.co/NvyOxVmkMI	Austrian broadcaster sues far-right leader over fake news claim https://t.co/NvyOxVmkMI	 VIENNA (Reuters) - Austria’s public broadcaster ORF has taken the highly unusual step of filing a lawsuit against the deputy head of the government, it said on Monday, after he accused it and its star news presenter of lying. Vice Chancellor Heinz-Christian Strache, who heads the far-right Freedom Party, has long accused the broadcaster of left-wing bias. He has said he plans to ensure it must report more objectively and scrap the license fee that funds it. Two weeks ago Strache posted a picture on Facebook of ORF news presenter Armin Wolf with the words: “There is a place where lies become news. That place is ORF.” Wolf has sued Strache, saying no politician has accused him of lying before. ORF, which had already demanded an apology from Strache, said on Monday it had brought its own case against the vice chancellor. “Vice Chancellor Strache accused ORF, by doctoring ORF advertising material, of spreading fake news, lies and propaganda in all its media,” ORF Director General Alexander Wrabetz said in a brief statement, adding that the text was “libellous and damaging to (ORF‘s) reputation” it said. ORF said it was also taking legal action against Facebook for not acceding to its request that Strache’s posting be deleted. Strache has argued that because he added the one-word caption “Satire!” to his posting it was clearly a prank to mark Mardi Gras. But in accordance with legal practice in Austria, he posted a legal text on Facebook in the early hours of Saturday that made clear a court had found Wolf’s case was well founded, though a full ruling has yet to be reached. President Alexander Van der Bellen has also condemned the remarks made by Strache, whose party is the junior coalition partner to Chancellor Sebastian Kurz’s conservatives. 
968241673418440704	2018-02-26 21:49:38	https://t.co/s7FcIVKiP5	Facebook settles lawsuit over 2012 IPO for $35 million https://t.co/s7FcIVKiP5 https://t.co/GZxWb3qQGX	 (Reuters) - Facebook Inc and Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg have reached a $35 million settlement of class-action litigation accusing them of hiding worries about the social media company’s growth prior to its May 2012 initial public offering. The settlement was filed on Monday in the federal court in Manhattan and won preliminary approval from U.S. District Judge Robert Sweet. It amounts to a small fraction of Facebook’s current market value of roughly $537 billion as of Monday’s market close. Shareholders led by the Arkansas Teacher Retirement System and Fresno County Employees’ Retirement Association in California accused Facebook of concealing internal concerns about how growth in mobile devices might reduce revenue, even as it quietly warned its banks to cut their forecasts. Unlike in 2012, the Menlo Park, California-based company now generates most of its revenue from mobile devices and has estimated that mobile advertising generated more than 86 percent of its $40.7 billion total revenue in 2017. The settlement resolves claims against Facebook, officials including Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg and director Peter Thiel, and bank underwriters covering a five-day period surrounding the $16 billion IPO, from May 17 to May 21, 2012. Facebook made its market debut on May 18 of that year at $38 per share and saw its share price languish below that level for more than a year before it rebounded. “Resolving this case is in the best interests of the company and our shareholders,” Associate General Counsel Sandeep Solanki said in a statement. A lawyer for the shareholders did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Sweet scheduled a Sept. 5 hearing to consider final settlement approval. The accord was reached after mediation, and provides an average recovery of about 11 cents per share, or 7 cents per share after possible legal fees and costs, court papers show. Insurers may cover some of the payout. Lawyers for the shareholders called the settlement“fair, reasonable, and adequate,” citing the risk of a loss at trial, according to court papers. Facebook shares rose $1.64 on Monday to close at $184.93 on the Nasdaq. The case is In re: Facebook Inc IPO Securities and Derivative Litigation, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 12-md-02389. 
968239530871590914	2018-02-26 21:41:07	https://t.co/RmlDVuNfCH	From the #MWC18 in Barcelona:- Samsung launches #GalaxyS9 https://t.co/RmlDVuNfCH - Nokia phones look to the fut… https://t.co/58zTNT0wEP	 BARCELONA/SEOUL (Reuters) - Samsung Electronics Co Ltd unveiled its flagship Galaxy S9 smartphone on Sunday with an emphasis on visual applications for social media, hoping to attract tech savvy young consumers to weather a market slowdown. With the global smartphone market set to stay flat or even shrink after meager growth of one percent last year, vendors are focusing on features designed to encourage consumers to ditch their old phones earlier than they would have previously. Samsung launched the S9 at the mobile gadget fair in Barcelona, attracting thousands of reporters to see how the world’s biggest smartphone maker could innovate in a category in which the big players are technologically closer than ever. DJ Koh, Samsung’s president of IT and mobile communications, said the most important function of a phone today was“visual communication”, and the Galaxy S9 had been designed for the visual and social generation. It features improved cameras, an artificial intelligence-powered voice tool, and social media functions that are easier to deploy than previous offerings. New features include an automatic super-slow motion camera setting that looks primed to show up on Instagram feeds soon, and software that turns selfies into instant emojis. Analyst Ben Wood from CCS Insight said the S9 and larger screened S9 Plus were all about incremental gains over the S8. “The S9 underlines the dilemma all leading smartphone makers are facing. Innovation in smartphones has plateaued and now it is all about marginal gains be that screen technology, camera features and processing power,” he said. “This is potentially a tough sell for Samsung but the real goal of the S9 is making an already good product even better as Samsung takes the fight to Apple,” he said. Huawei Technologies Co Ltd [HWT.UL], Samsung’s Chinese rival which ranked third globally in sales last year, launched a notebook PC and two Android tablets earlier on Sunday. It is launching its new flagship in Paris next month. “With the absence of any flagship smartphone announcement from any of its major competitors, Samsung had a great marketing window of opportunity to claim leadership in the high-end smartphone market, coming back in the race with Apple’s iPhone X,” said Forrester analyst Thomas Husson. But he expected Huawei to launch a highly competitive new smartphone differentiated by the use of more advanced Artificial Intelligence technologies and more aggressive pricing. “To truly lead the space, I continue to believe Samsung must accelerate its transition toward more content, services, software innovation and partnerships,” he said. Samsung’s AI-powered Bixby service allows S9 users to point its camera to translate a foreign-language sign, without having to swipe through menus or choose settings every time. Samsung also plans to boost smartphone accessories such as wireless chargers and mobile docking station that allows smartphone features on desktop, a senior Samsung executive said. Younghee Lee, head of Samsung’s Marketing for the Mobile Business, declined to provide a sales forecast for the S9. Research firm Counterpoint forecasts it will sell 43 million sets in 2018, 23 percent more than the 35 million S8 models shipped last year. Global smartphone sales saw an unprecedented decline of 9 percent in the fourth quarter, averaging 2017 growth to just 1 percent, a far cry from growth of about 40 percent between 2011 and 2015, according to research provider Strategy Analytics. While Samsung kept its supremacy over Apple Inc with about 21 percent of market share, Counterpoint says, it faces tough competition after it lost ground in markets such as India, China and Western Europe in the fourth quarter. Chinese rivals such as Huawei and Xiaomi Inc are making major inroads in these markets, aided by strong sales of affordable products that boast many high-end features and sturdy design. Lee said Samsung’s huge scale and its“agility to listen and learn” ensured it would continue to grow in China and India. The two versions of the Galaxy S9 have 6.2-inch (15.8 cm) and 5.8-inch wrap-around screens, and will go on sale on March 16 in most countries. 
968238961486450689	2018-02-26 21:38:52	https://t.co/bxQDEsWjsW	Russia orders daily truce for evacuations from Syria's eastern Ghouta https://t.co/bxQDEsWjsW	 BEIRUT/MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia said on Monday it would establish an evacuation corridor and implement a five-hour daily truce to allow people to leave Syria’s eastern Ghouta, after a U.N. Security Council resolution demanding a 30-day ceasefire across the entire country. It appeared to make no mention, however, of allowing relief supplies to enter the territory, where 400,000 people are living under siege and bombardment. Over the past week, Syria’s army and its allies have subjected the rebel-held enclave near Damascus to one of the heaviest bombardments of the seven-year war, killing hundreds. On Sunday, health authorities there said several people had symptoms consistent with chlorine gas exposure. On Monday, rescue workers and a monitoring group said seven small children had been killed by air and artillery strikes in one town. “Eastern Ghouta cannot wait, it is high time to stop this hell on earth,” U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres told the U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva, calling for implementation of the ceasefire. Fighting has raged across Syria since Saturday’s resolution, as Turkey presses its offensive against a Kurdish militia in Afrin, rival rebel groups fight each other in Idlib and a U.S.-led coalition targets Islamic State in the east.. Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu was cited by the RIA news agency as saying President Vladimir Putin had ordered a ceasefire in eastern Ghouta from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. each day, and the creation of a“humanitarian corridor”. Major-General Yuri Yevtushenko, head of the Russian peace and reconciliation center in Syria, said the measures, decided in agreement with Syrian forces, were intended to help civilians leave and to evacuate the sick and wounded. RIA’s report of his remarks made no direct mention of letting relief supplies in, but quoted Yevtushenko accusing militants of“holding hundreds hostage, including women and children, and victimizing residents, refusing to allow them to leave”. The International Committee of the Red Cross in Geneva said it welcomed any measure that allowed“those who wish to leave to do so, of their free will”, as well as medical evacuations. But spokeswoman Iolanda Jaquemet said much more was required:“The need remains for humanitarian convoys to move in with vital supplies: medicines, medical supplies, food, material to purify the water. This is a place with up to 400,000 people and humanitarian needs are huge.” Linda Tom, a U.N. humanitarian spokeswoman in Damascus, called for the Council resolution to be fully implemented“so that the U.N. and its partners can deliver humanitarian assistance to those in need, particularly to those in eastern Ghouta”. She said at least 30 people had been killed in Ghouta in the previous 48 hours. Russia, along with Iran and Shi’ite militias, is a major backer of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and it joined the war on his side in 2015, helping him claw back important areas. Mohamad Alloush, political chief of one of eastern Ghouta’s biggest rebel factions, said the Syrian army and its allies had launched“a sweeping ground assault” after the U.N. resolution. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said allegations that the Syrian government was responsible for any chemical attack were aimed at sabotaging the truce. The Syrian government has consistently denied using chemical weapons in the war, which will soon enter its eighth year having killed hundreds of thousands of people and forced half of Syria’s pre-war population of about 23 million from their homes. A picture issued by Civil Defence rescue workers, which Reuters could not independently verify, showed seven small bodies lying beside each other, wrapped in white and blue sheets, after air and artillery strikes on the town of Douma in eastern Ghouta. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a UK-based monitoring group, said four of them were among a single family of nine killed by an air strike. The other three were among seven killed by shelling in the same town, it said. The bombardment of eastern Ghouta over the past week has been one of the heaviest of the war, killing at least 556 people in eight days, according to the Syrian Observatory. It said the intensity of the bombardment had diminished since the U.N. resolution, but that 21 people had been killed in eastern Ghouta on Monday. Rebel shelling has caused 36 deaths and a number of injuries in Damascus and nearby rural areas in the last four days, Zaher Hajjo, a government health official, told Reuters. The deputy director general of the World Health Organisation, Peter Salama, said the WHO urgently needed to evacuate 750 medical cases from eastern Ghouta, as well as“sustained access for medical equipment and for medical drugs and commodities”. In eastern Ghouta, people were using the relative lull to find provisions, said Moayad Hafi, a rescue worker based there. “Civilians rushed from their shelters to get food and return quickly since the warplanes are still in the sky and can hit at any moment,” he told Reuters in a voice message. Lavrov said the ceasefire would not cover either the Ahrar al-Sham or the Jaish al-Islam factions, describing them as partners of the former al Qaeda affiliate the Nusra Front. The two major rebel factions in eastern Ghouta are Jaish al-Islam and Failaq al-Rahman. Tahrir al-Sham, an alliance of jihadists including Nusra, also has a small presence there. In Idlib, Ahrar al-Sham and Tahrir al-Sham have been fighting each other in recent days, rather than cooperating. Syrian state television reported that army units had advanced against militants near Harasta in eastern Ghouta. The state news agency SANA also reported that the army had stopped a car bomb being driven into Damascus. The Nusra Front has consistently been excluded from ceasefires in Syria, and the opposition says the government has used this as an excuse to keep up its bombardments. 
968238961230479360	2018-02-26 21:38:52	https://t.co/XYsxMeX8Q6	Likely centrist Brazil presidential contender says he would sell Petrobras https://t.co/XYsxMeX8Q6	 BRASILIA (Reuters) - The governor of Sao Paulo and likely centrist presidential candidate Geraldo Alckmin said on Monday that he would privatize Brazil’s state-run oil company Petroleo Brasileiro SA if he wins the elections in October. Alckmin, who has single digit support in opinion polls, said during a television interview with Band TV that he favored private ownership of Petrobras, as Brazil’s biggest company is known, as long as the sale was conducted within a strict regulatory framework. Once a taboo issue in Brazilian politics because of national sovereignty concerns, the privatization of Petrobras is set to become a campaign issue this year as Brazil struggles to bring an unsustainable budget deficit under control. Brazil’s left fiercely rejects the sale of Petrobras, but the leftist leader leading early opinion polls, former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, will likely be barred from running because of a corruption conviction and there are no obvious politicians who can fill his shoes. It is not clear where the far right candidate Jair Bolsonaro, who is currently second in opinion polls, stands on relinquishing state control of Petrobras. But his economic policy advisor Paulo Guedes told Valor newspaper in an interview published on Monday that he favored selling all state companies to raise 700 billion reais that would help pay off one fifth of Brazil’s public debt. 
968236808701202432	2018-02-26 21:30:18	https://t.co/HVROdxujZg	EU plans new tax for tech giants up to 5 percent of gross revenues https://t.co/HVROdxujZg https://t.co/ls3gUs7CwJ	 BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission wants to tax large digital companies’ revenues based on where their users are located rather than where they are headquartered at a common rate between 1 and 5 percent, a draft Commission document showed. The proposal, seen by Reuters, aims at increasing the tax bill of firms like Amazon [AMZN.O], Google [GOOGL.O] and Facebook [FB.O] that are accused by large EU states of paying too little by re-routing their EU profits to low-tax countries such as Luxembourg and Ireland. The plan resembles a French proposal on an equalization tax that was supported by several big EU states. However, it is likely to face opposition from small countries that fear becoming less attractive to multinational firms. The document says the tax should be applied to companies with revenues above 750 million euros ($922 million) worldwide and with EU digital revenues of at least 10 million euros a year. The proposal is subject to changes before its publication which is expected in the second half of March. Some of the key figures on rates and thresholds are in brackets, showing that work is still ongoing to define the final numbers. Firms selling user-targeted online ads, such as Google, or providing advertisement space on the internet, such as Facebook, Twitter or Instagram, would be subject to the tax, the document said, citing these companies. Digital marketplaces such as Amazon and gig economy giants such as Airbnb and Uber also fall under the scope of the draft proposal, the Commission said. Online media, streaming services like Netflix, online gaming, cloud computing or IT services would instead be exempt from the tax. The levy would be raised in the EU countries where users are located, rather than where companies are headquartered, reducing the appeal of smaller low-tax states. “This would entail additional reporting requirements so that the tax authorities of member states can calculate how much tax is due in their jurisdiction,” the document said. In the case of online advertisers, the tax should be levied“where the advertisement is displayed” and“where the users having supplied the data which is being sold are located.” For online shopping, the tax would be collected in countries“where the user paying for being able to access the platform (or to conclude a transaction within the platform) is located,” the document said. The levy would be calculated on the“aggregated gross revenues” of a business and should have a single EU rate“in the region of 1-5 percent.” It would be possible to deduct this tax as a cost from national corporate taxes. The tax would be a temporary measure that would be applied only until a more comprehensive solution to fair digital taxation is approved, the Commission said. The long-term solution would entail the adoption of new rules on a“digital permanent establishment”. The proposal, once finalised, would need the approval of all EU states. 
968235449155309571	2018-02-26 21:24:54	https://t.co/V22kg3tO2w	Nigerian army and police disagree over security in mass abduction town https://t.co/V22kg3tO2w	 ABUJA, Nigeria (Reuters) - Nigeria’s army and police on Monday publicly disagreed over the security arrangements that were in place in the northeastern town where 110 girls were abducted by suspected Boko Haram militants. The army issued a statement in which it said soldiers were withdrawn from Dapchi, in Yobe state, before the girls were seized from their school in the town by armed insurgents on Feb. 19. The attack was one of the largest abductions since the Chibok kidnappings of 2014 in which more than 250 girls were taken by the Islamist militant group. It has prompted questions about the ability of security forces to fight insurgents which the government has repeatedly said have been defeated. “Troops earlier deployed in Dapchi were redeployed to reinforce troops at Kanama, following attacks on troops,” army spokesman Onyema Nwachukwu said in an emailed statement. Kanama is a town near the border with Niger some 120 km (75 miles) from Dapchi. “This was on the premise that Dapchi has been relatively calm and peaceful and the security of Dapchi town was formally handed over to the Nigeria police division located in the town,” he said. No details were given of when the redeployment took place. Sumonu Abdulmaliki, Yobe state police commissioner, later issued a statement saying the claim of a handover was“untrue, unfounded and misleading”. “There was no time that the military informed the police of their withdrawal, consulted or handed over their locations in Dapchi town to the police,” he said in the emailed statement. President Muhammadu Buhari acknowledged on Monday that the girls had been abducted and said the government was determined to rescue them. The authorities had previously referred to the girls, not seen since the attack on their school, as missing. “Let me clearly reiterate the resolve of this administration to ensure all persons abducted by the insurgents are rescued or released safely,” Buhari said in comments broadcast by state television. He said security agencies had been ordered to make every effort to return“the abducted girls to their families”. 
968234282538995716	2018-02-26 21:20:16	https://t.co/vvMhrLPVZp	Russia vetoes Western effort to call out Iran over Yemen at U.N. https://t.co/vvMhrLPVZp	 UNITED NATIONS/TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - The United States threatened unilateral action against Iran on Monday after Russia vetoed a western bid for the United Nations Security Council to call out Tehran for failing to prevent its weapons from falling into the hands of Yemen’s Houthi group. “If Russia is going to continue to cover for Iran then the U.S. and our partners need to take action on our own. If we’re not going to get action on the council then we have to take our own actions,” U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Nikki Haley told reporters during a visit to Honduran capital Tegucigalpa. Haley did not specify what kind of action could be taken. The Russian veto was a defeat for the United States, which has been lobbying for months for Iran to be held accountable at the United Nations, while at the same time threatening to quit a 2015 deal among world powers to curb Iran’s nuclear program if“disastrous flaws” are not fixed. “Obviously this vote isn’t going to make the decision on the nuclear deal. What I can say is it doesn’t help,” Haley said.“That just validated a lot of what we already thought which is Iran gets a pass for its dangerous and illegal behavior.” President Donald Trump warned European allies last month that they had to commit by mid-May to work with Washington to improve the pact. Britain drafted the failed U.N. resolution in consultation with the United States and France. The initial draft text - to renew the annual mandate of a targeted sanctions regime related to Yemen - wanted to include a condemnation of Iran for violating an arms embargo on Houthi leaders and include a council commitment to take action over it. In a bid to win Moscow’s support, the draft that was vetoed had been weakened to simply“note with particular concern” the violation, which was reported to the council by U.N. experts monitoring sanctions. It received 11 votes in favor, two against - Russia and Bolivia - while China and Kazakhstan abstained. Russia has questioned the findings of the U.N. experts report, which was submitted to the council in January. A council resolution needs nine votes in favor and no vetoes by Russia, China, the United States, France or Britain to pass. Following the failed vote on the British draft, the council adopted a rival Russian draft that did not mention Iran and simply renewed the U.N. sanctions regime on Yemen for a year. A senior Western diplomat, speaking on condition of anonymity, acknowledged that the international community - and in particular, the Europeans - needed to do more to voice their concerns about Iran’s behavior. “We don’t have any illusions with regard to Iran’s policy towards Israel, Iran’s role in the region ... and also what they do in terms of constructing ballistic missiles,” the diplomat said.“What we’re trying, and have to do ... is to actually make these points even clearer than in the past.” A proxy war is playing out in Yemen between Iran and U.S. ally Saudi Arabia. A Saudi-led coalition intervened in Yemen in 2015, backing government forces fighting Iran-allied Houthi rebels. Iran has denied supplying the Houthis weapons. After the Security Council voted on Monday, Iran’s mission to the United Nations accused the United States and Britain of misusing the council“to advance their political agenda and put the blame of all that happens in Yemen on Iran.” 
968231751536594944	2018-02-26 21:10:13	https://t.co/AX3qYbvgCh	South Africa's Ramaphosa appoints Nene as finance minister in cabinet reshuffle https://t.co/AX3qYbvgCh	 PRETORIA (Reuters) - South Africa’s new president Cyril Ramaphosa appointed Nhlanhla Nene as finance minister on Monday, two years after Nene’s sacking from the same role began the ruling party revolt that eventually ousted former leader Jacob Zuma. Monday’s cabinet reshuffle also saw Ramaphosa add new faces and remove some ministers allied to Zuma, who was ordered by his own African National Congress party to step down two weeks ago. His nine years as president were marked by multiple corruption allegations, economic mismanagement and disputed appointments. Zuma denies any wrongdoing. Ramaphosa, 65, hailed a“new dawn” after his inauguration and has promised to fight the corruption corroding Africa’s most industrialized economy. Nene sought to keep a tight rein on spending during his previous stint as finance minister, before being fired by Zuma in December 2015 and replaced with unknown parliamentary backbencher Des van Rooyen. Four days later, Zuma was forced to sack van Rooyen and reappoint a previous finance minister, technocrat Pravin Gordhan, after the rand collapsed in value. Gordhan, who was fired by Zuma last March, was also reappointed to the cabinet. He was handed the key public enterprises department, which oversees around 300 state-owned firms, including loss-making South African Airways and cash-strapped power utility Eskom. A popular figure with investors, Gordhan served as Minister of Finance from 2009 until 2014 and again from 2015 until 2017. Seeking to keep the different factions of the ruling African National Congress represented within the cabinet, Ramaphosa retained several ministers appointed by Zuma but demoted them from key government departments. Ten ministers were dropped altogether from cabinet, a majority of them key Zuma allies. “In making these changes, I have been conscious of the need to balance continuity and stability with the need for renewal, economic recovery and accelerated transformation,” Ramaphosa said in a brief speech. But official opposition leader Mmusi Maimane said the cabinet was still filled with compromised ministers. “Ramaphosa’s new cabinet will serve the ANC, not South Africa,” said Maimane, who heads the Democratic Alliance party, citing the appointment of ANC deputy president David Mabuza as Deputy President of South Africa. Mabuza, who has not served as a cabinet minister before, was an ally of Zuma and was accused of involvement in corruption in awarding tenders. He has denied any wrongdoing. “Ramaphosa’s decision to side with scandal-ridden Mabuza undermines the integrity of his stated commitment to fight corruption and rebuild from the tatters of the Zuma decade,” Maimane said. Both Nene and Mabuza will take their positions after completing the formality of being sworn-in as ANC lawmakers. Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, who narrowly lost to Ramaphosa in an ANC leadership election in December, was named as minister in the presidency responsible for planning and monitoring. A former chairwoman of the African Union Commission, Dlamini-Zuma was married to ex-president Zuma for over a decade and has four children with him. The rand firmed against the dollar in volatile trade, ahead of the announcement, and was steady after Ramaphosa spelt out the changes. Outgoing finance minister Malusi Gigaba was moved to the home affairs ministry, while Lindiwe Sisulu, who withdrew from last year’s ANC leadership race, was named foreign affairs minister. Trade unionist Gwede Mantashe, who is currently the national chairperson of the ANC, was named to head the mining ministry. Policy uncertainty has angered investors in the mining sector, which contributes around 7 percent of the country’s GDP. Jeff Radebe, one of the longest-serving ministers in post apartheid South Africa, was named energy minister. South Africa has the continent’s only nuclear power station and is seeking to expand its nuclear power capacity in the coming decades. Analysts said the changes — including shifting some Zuma allies to less important ministries — showed that Ramaphosa was walking a tightrope in balancing the ANC’s factions. Melanie Verwoerd, a political analyst and former ANC lawmaker, said:“It’s positive that Ramaphosa kicked out many of the bad apples from Zuma’s presidency, but handing the deputy president’s position to Mabuza showed that he had to compromise.” Razia Khan, chief economist for Africa at Standard Chartered, said Ramaphosa’s cabinet was a mixed bag. “Markets will react positively to the appointment of Nene as finance minister and Gordhan as public enterprise minister. They are seen as key figures in key portfolios where much needs to be fixed. In all, this was a mix of key policy imperatives, party unity, and an appeal to the ANC’s traditional voter base,” she said. 
968229176510644228	2018-02-26 20:59:59	https://t.co/BuXIFm4O8i	Saudi reshuffles top military posts, adds a woman deputy minister https://t.co/BuXIFm4O8i	 RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia has replaced some of its top military officers in a shake-up that elevates a younger generation, brings a woman into a senior government job and tightens Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman’s grip on power. In a reshuffle announced late on Monday, the military chief of staff, air defense and land forces heads and senior defense and interior ministry officials were removed. Tamadur bint Youssef al-Ramah became deputy labor minister, a rare high-level job for a woman in the deeply conservative kingdom. The crown prince, who at 32 is also defense minister and heir apparent, has promised reforms to wean Saudi Arabia off oil exports, create jobs and open up Saudis’ cloistered lifestyles. Since rising to prominence three years ago, he has also removed a number of apparent rivals to the throne. His cousin Mohammed bin Nayef was ousted as crown prince and interior minister in a palace coup last June, after which Prince Mohammed restructured the ministry to establish tighter control over intelligence and counter-terrorism. Another cousin, Prince Miteb bin Abdullah, was sacked as head of the National Guard last November and detained for two months in an anti-corruption crackdown in which scores of the kingdom’s economic and political elite were held. The latest personnel changes were decreed by King Salman and published in state media. No reason was given but the changes appear to have enabled Prince Mohammed to put his personal stamp of authority on key levers of the military. The overhaul, analysts said, was not directly linked to Saudi Arabia’s three-year-old military campaign in Yemen against the Iran-aligned armed Houthi movement. But the war has largely stalled and international criticism is growing over a humanitarian crisis and air strikes that have killed civilians. Prince Mohammed is likely to face questions from allies frustrated with the lack of progress during planned trips to the United States and Europe. “He can say... he’s dealt with people responsible for that right up to the top. But it’s not going to instil confidence that your military, as a result of that, will be technically better able to perform,” said Michael Stephens, research fellow at British defense and security think-tank the Royal United Services Institute (RUSI). “It’s a wide ranging sweep across the deck... Especially when it comes to security, that makes people nervous.” The new military chief of staff was named as First Lieutenant Fayyad bin Hamed al-Ruwayli. His predecessor, First Lieutenant Abdelrahman bin Saleh al-Banyan, was retired and made a royal advisor. The decrees included adopting a new strategy to restructure the defense ministry for improved organization and governance, but provided few details. Defense contracts with U.S. and European companies have long been a source of corruption and Prince Mohammed has it is“unacceptable” that high military spending has not translated into better performance. Scholar Joseph Kechichian said some officers had been dismissed for incompetence while others had received fast promotions, but analysts said it was not clear the shake-up would immediately improve military performance. Khalid Biyari, appointed aide to the defense minister, left his post as chief executive of Saudi Telecom, a possible sign that the crown prince is tapping the private sector to implement reforms. The overhaul was a nod to a younger generation, analysts said, in what has become a hallmark of the crown prince’s approach to ruling youthful Saudi Arabia, where patriarchal traditions have long made power the preserve of the old. If he succeeds his father, Prince Mohammed would become the first grandson of the kingdom’s founder Ibn Saud to be king after decades of rule by six of his sons. “It’s sometimes useful in flexing your patronage muscle,” said British-based analyst Neil Partrick.“It might give a sense of freshness... but I would be surprised if it leads to any changes in substance in policy in Yemen or anywhere else.” The appointment of a woman at the labor ministry is part of efforts to modernize and promote a more moderate form of Islam. Prince Mohammed has loosened social restrictions, scaling back the role of religious police and permitting public concerts. The government has announced plans to allow women to drive this year, and said women can enrol in the security forces and no longer need the consent of a male relative to open their own businesses, a step away from the kingdom’s guardianship system. A senior Saudi cleric said last month that women need not wear the abaya - the loose-fitting, full-length robe symbolic of religious faith - and another prominent sheikh said that celebrating Valentine’s Day did not contradict Islamic teachings, defying the religious police’s hardline position. The decrees also included the appointment of three deputy governors from among the descendants of Princes Ahmed, Talal and Muqrin - brothers of King Salman, some of whom may have felt sidelined by changes since his accession to the throne in 2015. One of them, new deputy governor of Asir province, Prince Turki bin Talal, is the brother of billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, who was detained in the government’s anti-corruption campaign and released only last month. Greg Gause, a Gulf expert at Texas A&M University, said the injection of more junior officials could help the crown prince cultivate a bloc within the royal family that is supportive of him at younger levels. “But, and this is a big‘but’, he is not appointing them to positions in the central government, at least not yet,” said Gause.“He is keeping power in the cabinet centralized in his hands.” (For a graphic on Saudi royal family arrests, click reut.rs/2DHWWBd) 
968227771129434112	2018-02-26 20:54:24	https://t.co/9E9bZozjr8	Buffett sets big goals for CEO of Bezos-Dimon health venture https://t.co/9E9bZozjr8 https://t.co/jvlSsBR0Ov	 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Warren Buffett on Monday said the healthcare company being set up by Berkshire Hathaway Inc (BRKa.N), Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) and JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) will within a year have a new chief executive officer, and set an aggressive goal to cut costs. Speaking on CNBC television, Buffett said“we can’t afford to make a mistake” in finding the right CEO to help combat spiraling healthcare costs that now account for close to 18 percent of U.S. gross domestic product, or $10,000 per person. Buffett said it would not be difficult to“shave” off 3 or 4 percentage points, contrasting the situation to 1960, when he said healthcare costs accounted for just 5 percent of GDP, or $170 per person. “We are at a huge competitive disadvantage in American business” relative to other industrialized countries because of the costs, Buffett said.“The question is whether we can come up with something better. I’m hopeful, but don’t expect any miracles.” Berkshire, Amazon and JPMorgan last month said they would start a healthcare venture for their workers. While few details were provided, shares of several insurers and pharmacy benefits managers fell on the news because investors worried how the venture might disrupt the industry. Buffett said that in starting the venture,“we have the perfect partnership” with JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon and Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos. Todd Combs, an investment manager for Buffett and a JPMorgan, will spearhead Berkshire’s involvement. The interview occurred two days after Buffett released his shorter-than-usual annual letter to Berkshire shareholders, which had little discussion about the company’s investments. One is Wells Fargo & Co (WFC.N), the third-largest U.S. bank, which was surprisingly ordered this month by the Federal Reserve to curb asset growth while it tries to rebound from scandals over how it treated customers. Buffett, whose Omaha, Nebraska-based conglomerate owns nearly 10 percent of Wells Fargo, on Monday said“I have confidence in Tim Sloan,” the bank’s CEO. He likened the situation to 1991, when Buffett was installed as chairman of Salomon Brothers Inc amid a bond trading scandal that nearly landed that company in bankruptcy. “Digging your way out of it takes time,” Buffett said. “He’s got a lot to clean up.” Buffett also discussed other means to deploy Berkshire’s $116 billion cash stake, after saying in the letter he desired one or more“huge” acquisitions of non-insurance businesses. He said he would be“more inclined” to buy back stock than pay dividends, and might raise the repurchase threshold from 1.2 times book value. Berkshire’s stock traded at roughly 1.44 times book value based on Friday’s market close. “I am fairly confident we will find ways to deploy” excess cash, Buffett said.“The best chance to deploy money is when things are going down.” Also helping Berkshire will be the recent cut in the U.S. corporate income tax rate, which gave Berkshire a one-time $29.11 billion net income boost by reducing its potential tax bill on stocks it owns. The cut is a“huge tailwind” for U.S. companies and is“really good for Berkshire,” Buffett said. Buffett also said that while stocks remained a better bet than bonds over the long-term, it remained“crazy” for ordinary investors to use margin, or borrowed cash, to load up on stocks. He said investors might get a“euphoric surge” if they double their money in stocks, but would not be“happier.” 
968223984025325568	2018-02-26 20:39:21	https://t.co/vpqb7YiDAE	Trump to host France's Macron for state visit on April 24: White House https://t.co/vpqb7YiDAE	 WASHINGTON/PARIS (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will host French President Emmanuel Macron for a state visit on April 24, the White House said on Monday. “The president and first lady will welcome President and Mrs. Macron of France to the White House on April 24,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters. “This visit will advance American and French cooperation on economic and global issues and deepen the friendship between the two countries.” Sanders said it would be the first official state visit since Trump took office. The French presidency said in a brief statement Macron’s visit would take place on April 23-25 and include a joint news conference, several official ceremonies as well as a state dinner. 
968223984025206785	2018-02-26 20:39:21	https://t.co/z0uTnkg2P7	Seoul pushes for U.S.-Korea talks, Trump says 'We'll see' https://t.co/z0uTnkg2P7	 SEOUL/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - In the latest attempt to defuse the crisis over North Korea’s weapons program, South Korea urged Washington and Pyongyang to give ground to allow for talks and U.S. President Donald Trump reiterated he would negotiate with North Korea, but only under the right conditions. “Recently, North Korea has shown it is open to actively engaging the United States in talks and the United States is talking about the importance of dialogue,” South Korean President Moon Jae-in said during a meeting in Seoul with Chinese Vice Premier Liu Yandong. “There is a need for the United States to lower the threshold for talks with North Korea, and North Korea should show it is willing to denuclearize. It’s important the United States and North Korea sit down together quickly,” he said, according to a statement from his office. South Korea, a close U.S. ally, has engaged in a flurry of talks with North Korean officials since January, hoping to use the South’s just-concluded Winter Olympics as a catalyst for rapprochement. But the United States has insisted that any future talks with North Korea must be aimed at that country’s denuclearization, something Pyongyang has rejected. North Korea on Sunday expressed willingness for dialogue, Seoul says. Trump, who has been pushing a global sanctions campaign against North Korea to force it to give up development of nuclear missiles capable of hitting the United States, reiterated that he would like to have talks with Pyongyang, but only if the conditions were right. “They want to talk. We want to talk also, only under the right conditions. Otherwise we’re not talking,” Trump said while hosting a meeting with state governors at the White House. “We’ll see what happens. That’s my attitude, we’ll see what happens.” Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un have exchanged taunts that have raised fears of war, and Trump last August threatened to go beyond sanctions by threatening“fire and fury” although his administration says it prefers a diplomatic solution to the crisis. On Friday, Washington announced its largest package of sanctions yet on North Korea, and Trump warned of a“phase two” that could be“very, very unfortunate for the world” if the steps did not work - an apparent reference to military options his administration says remain on the table. In another reference to the risk of war, Trump added on Monday:“We’re talking about tremendous potential loss of lives, numbers that nobody’s even contemplated, never thought of.” On Monday, Trump praised Chinese President Xi Jinping’s support of U.N. sanctions and repeated accusations that Russia was stepping in to provide North Korea with items China used to provide. “I think that President Xi is unique. He’s helping us with North Korea,” Trump said, crediting the relationship he has built up with the Chinese leader. “And Russia is behaving badly because Russia is sending in what China is taking out. So China’s doing pretty good numbers, but Russia is now sending a lot of stuff. But I think they want to see it come to an end also, I think everybody does.” North Korea has condemned the new sanctions and accused Washington of trying to undermine the improvement in inter-Korean relations. A high-level delegation from North Korea has been visiting Seoul and meeting South Korean officials, including Moon, after attending the Olympics’ closing ceremony on Sunday. South Korea said the delegation told Moon that North Korea was open to talks with Washington. The North Koreans attended a dinner hosted by Unification Minister Cho Myong-gyon, where participants agreed to keep working to boost inter-Korean ties. Unification Ministry spokesman Baik Tae-hyun said he hoped constructive talks between North Korea and the United States could begin when“an appropriate opportunity” arose. The North Korean delegation, led by former military intelligence chief Kim Yong Chol, met Chung Eui-yong, security adviser for the presidential Blue House, and other South Korean government officials for lunch on Monday. Kim Yong Chol has been accused by South Korea of being behind the sinking of a South Korean warship in 2010 that killed 46 sailors and has been the subject of protests since his visit was announced. North Korea has denied the allegations. “Both sides agreed to work together for permanent peace on the Korean peninsula, sustainable relations between North and South Korea and balanced cooperation with the international society,” the South’s presidential office said in a statement. 
968220268303876096	2018-02-26 20:24:35	https://t.co/n0RZtYp1xz	Inter-ethnic clashes in eastern Congo kill 22 people https://t.co/n0RZtYp1xz	 GOMA, Democratic Republic of Congo (Reuters) - Inter-ethnic clashes in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo have killed at least 22 people, including 15 civilians, over the past two days, a local official said on Monday. Militiamen from the Hutu-dominated Nyatura militia attacked a Nande-dominated militia called Mai Mai Mazembe in the village of Kalusi on Sunday and Bwalanda on Monday, local administrator Hope Sabini told Reuters. Eleven civilians were killed in the fighting in Kalusi, while four civilians and seven militiamen were killed in Bwalanda, Sabini said. 
968220141904449540	2018-02-26 20:24:05	https://t.co/y3KPmY5pb9	EXCLUSIVE: U.S. investors seek to acquire Russia's Rosneft lien in Citgo. https://t.co/y3KPmY5pb9 @AlexandraUlmer https://t.co/wJvSOpMbHZ	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A group of U.S. investors is seeking Washington’s approval to acquire the nearly 50 percent collateral in U.S. refiner Citgo held by Russia’s largest state-owned energy firm Rosneft, one of the investors said. The move would prevent Moscow from seizing a large part of the U.S. refiner in the event of a full-blown default by its current owner, Venezuelan state oil company PDVSA. Texas-based Citgo operates a 749,000 barrel per day refining network in the United States. With Venezuela’s economy devastated by five years of recession, President Nicolas Maduro’s socialist government has increasingly turned to ally Russia for the cash and credit it needs to survive – offering prized state-owned oil assets in return. Rosneft has snapped up some coveted oil fields in the OPEC nation, giving it growing control over Venezuelan crude exports and a stronger foothold in energy markets across the Americas. Venezuela handed Rosneft ROSN.MM the 49.9 percent collateral in Citgo PDVSAC.UL in return for a $1.5 billion loan two years ago. The remaining 50.1 percent of shares in Citgo is collateral to holders of PDVSA’s 2020 bond. A steady decline in oil output, Venezuela’s main source of hard currency, has contributed to making the country chronically late on its bond payments in recent months. The Russian state oil company has been under U.S. sanctions put in place in 2014 to punish Moscow for aggression in Ukraine. Some U.S. senators have warned those sanctions could be violated should Russia take a stake in Citgo. Amid the outcry, Rosneft and PDVSA PDVSA.UL were negotiating swapping the collateral to avoid complications stemming from the sanctions. The talks do not appear to have prospered. Some Caracas-based oil sources said cash-strapped PDVSA was unable to offer anything attractive enough to Rosneft in return. In the meantime, the group of U.S. investors has applied for a license from the U.S. Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) to assume the lien, according to the U.S. investor and documents seen by Reuters. The investor asked to remain anonymous to avoid compromising a potential deal. The request to OFAC, submitted in early October, has received basic technical approval but the group has yet to receive an answer from the Trump administration. “The administration should recognize that if it doesn’t do something pro-active here, it will face...limited options under almost any scenario, whether it is an attempt to foreclose by the current lienholder, further restrictions on Venezuelan crude oil imports into the U.S., or even in the event there is a positive political change in Caracas,” the investor said. Under the plan, no new debt would be issued. The investors would repay the outstanding loan balance and require that Rosneft terminate its lien and assign the loan to the new investors. “This is a private sector solution to a public policy problem,” the investor added. In response to a query from Reuters, a Treasury spokesman said“Treasury does not discuss OFAC licensing requests, including to confirm whether or not one has been received, and does not comment on national security reviews.” The U.S. investors see Citgo as an attractive asset that could easily become highly profitable. Trying to seize Citgo is“certainly not the plan,” the investor stressed. It is unclear whether Rosneft, whose powerful boss Igor Sechin is a close ally of Russian President Vladimir Putin, would be open to such an offer. The company declined to comment. Caracas-based PDVSA did not respond to a request for comment. The Citgo deal has particularly worried Washington, with senators Robert Menendez and Marco Rubio writing U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin to express their concern in September. “Just as a matter of common sense, it would be better if those assets were held by American investors than by Rosneft,” said Richard Morningstar, chairman of the Global Energy Center at the Atlantic Council and a former energy official under ex-president Barack Obama. Despite long delays in Venezuela’s debt payments, the holders of the bonds - some of the world’s highest yielding debt - have been reluctant to press their claims in court, wary of a prolonged and messy litigation. That could yet change, sparking a potential stampede to seize assets. Foreign companies seeking compensation for nationalizations under Venezuela’s late leader Hugo Chavez have also objected to PDVSA using Citgo as collateral, alleging that Venezuela was seeking to reduce its exposure to assets in the United States, where they could potentially be seized. 
968211339096264704	2018-02-26 19:49:06	https://t.co/pcYUhLK4d1	Bollywood actress Sridevi drowned in a bathtub after losing consciousness: Dubai police https://t.co/pcYUhLK4d1 https://t.co/tYW1yQzTyH	 DUBAI (Reuters) - Indian actress Sridevi died from drowning in her hotel room bathtub, police in Dubai said on Monday following a post-mortem. Media reports had earlier said the 54-year-old, who had been in Dubai for a family wedding, had died of cardiac arrest on Saturday. “Following the completion of post-mortem analysis, Dubai Police today stated that the death of Indian actress Sridevi occurred due to drowning in her hotel apartment’s bathtub following loss of consciousness,” Dubai Police said on their Twitter account. “Dubai Police has transferred the case to Dubai Public Prosecution, which will carry out regular legal procedures followed in such cases,” it added, without elaborating. In a career spanning five decades, Sridevi acted in 300 films and was awarded the Padma Shri, India’s fourth-highest civilian honor in 2013. Born Shree Amma Yanger Ayyapan in the southern state of Tamil Nadu, she started acting at the age of four, appearing in several Tamil-language films in the 1960s and 1970s, and eventually dropping out of school for a career in the movies. Sridevi made her Bollywood debut in 1979 with“Solva Sawan” (16th spring), but it was in 1983, with Balu Mahendra’s“Sadma” (Shock) that she made her mark in the Hindi film industry. That year, she also acted with Jeetendra in K. Raghavendra Rao’s blockbuster“Himmatwala” (The Courageous One), cementing her place as one of Bollywood’s top actresses. Sridevi was known for her on-screen vivacity and energy, playing memorable characters in films such as“Chaalbaaz” (Trickster) and Shekhar Kapur’s“Mr India” in the 80s and 90s. She charmed audiences in female-centric hits at a time when the Indian film industry relied on male actors for box-office success. Sridevi took a break from films soon after she married producer Boney Kapoor in 1996. She made a successful return to the big screen 15 years later in Gauri Shinde’s“English Vinglish” (2012), playing a housewife taking English-language lessons. Her last screen appearance was in“Mom” (2017), as a mother avenging her daughter’s rape. Sridevi’s death triggered an outpouring of tributes from Bollywood luminaries and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi. 
968210878188412928	2018-02-26 19:47:16	https://t.co/rUoFGcipjO	Britain is facing serious far-right terrorism threat, UK's top officer https://t.co/rUoFGcipjO	 LONDON (Reuters) - Britain faces a new and significant threat from organized far-right terrorism, the UK’s most senior counter-terrorism officer said on Monday as he revealed police had foiled four plots by right-wing extremists in the last year. “The right-wing terrorist threat is more significant and more challenging than perhaps public debate gives it credit for,” Mark Rowley, London’s Assistant Commissioner, told reporters. Britain has been a prime target for homegrown and foreign Islamist militants since the 2001 attacks on the United States. But Rowley said until the last two years, far-right activity was limited to unpleasant protests and hate crimes, with serious incidents limited to the actions of isolated individuals. The MI5 domestic spy agency are now involved in investigating the far-right and he warned that British groups were seeking links with international extremists. “It’s a significant part of the terrorist threat. Right-wing terrorism wasn’t previously organised here,” Rowley said. “There are many Western countries that have extreme right-wing challenges and in quite a number of those the groups we are worried about here are making connections with them and networking,” he said, declining to give further details because it was a new, live intelligence phenomenon. Last year, there were five deadly militants attacks in Britain including one carried out by a man who drove a van into worshippers leaving a London mosque after developing a hatred of Muslims by reading extreme right-wing material online. The previous year, a Nazi-obsessed loner murdered lawmaker Jo Cox in a frenzied street attack a week before the referendum on the European Union. Since then, Britain has banned National Action and two other spin-off groups, the first extremist right-wing organizations to be outlawed since the 1940s. “For the best part of 18 months in the UK we have a homegrown, white supremacist, neo-Nazi terrorist organisation that is pursuing all the ambitions of any other terrorist organisation committed to violence,” Rowley said. “That should be a matter of great concern for all of us.” Since the first of the 2017 deadly attacks last March, Rowley said police had foiled 10 Islamist conspiracies and four far-right plots, although he said he could not provide details of these as they were subject to ongoing court cases. To show the overall scale of the threat Britain faced, he said there were 600 terrorism investigations currently ongoing involving more than 3,000 suspects. Over the last three years, terrorism arrests had doubled while in the same period some 2,000 people have been referred to the government’s counter-radicalisation Prevent program, with a third of these over far-right concerns, he said. Rowley, who next month steps down from the role he took on in 2014, said Islamist and far-right extremists were a toxic combination, feeding off each other and pursuing the same agenda of division, fear and hatred. He reiterated British concern about extremists’ use of the internet and said he expected technology and internet firms would react to a mixture of persuasion and regulation as the banking sector had done. He also said it was important that an agreement struck with the European Union for when Britain leaves the bloc in 2019 did not damage relations with their European colleagues. “Whatever the arrangements, we need something that provides at least a good a platform for cooperation as we have today,” he said. 
968207314934292480	2018-02-26 19:33:06	https://t.co/nKDYt4rmnu	Nokia is bringing back of one of its biggest hits of the 1990s: the 8110 'slider' phone https://t.co/nKDYt4rmnu #MWC18	 BARCELONA (Reuters) - Sweden’s Ericsson, the world’s No.2 maker of mobile network equipment, said on Monday the company had signed a Memorandum Of Understanding (MoU) with world’s biggest network operator, China Mobile, over the weekend. Ericsson Chief Executive Börje Ekholm told a press conference at the opening of Mobile World Congress that the new pact with China Mobile covers Internet of Things testing and field trials, with a focus on factory automation. Ekholm said the company has several contracts with network operators for commercial deployment of next generation 5G networks starting later in 2018. He declined to provide further details. Further company coverage: [ERICb.ST] [0941.HK] 
968206064704507904	2018-02-26 19:28:08	https://t.co/VrBDbFJBVt	U.N. chief calls for new push to rid the world of nuclear weapons https://t.co/VrBDbFJBVt	 (Corrects figure in 14th paragraph for number of nuclear weapons to 15,000, instead of 150,000) By Tom Miles GENEVA (Reuters) - U.N. Secretary General Antonio Guterres called on Monday for a new global effort to get rid of nuclear weapons, drawing a cautious response from envoys of atomic-armed powers at odds for decades over nuclear disarmament. Speaking to the Conference on Disarmament at the U.N. complex in Geneva, Guterres said many states still wrongly thought that nuclear weapons made the world safer. “There is great and justified anxiety around the world about the threat of nuclear war,” he said. “Countries persist in clinging to the fallacious idea that nuclear arms make the world safer ... At the global level, we must work towards forging a new momentum on eliminating nuclear weapons.” The Conference on Disarmament is the world’s main forum for nuclear disarmament, but since 1996 it has been deadlocked by disagreements and distrust between rival nuclear powers. Ambassadors from the United States, China and France said they shared his concerns about the current security environment but their comments suggested it would be an uphill struggle to end two decades of stalemate in nuclear negotiations. U.S. Ambassador Robert Wood said negotiators needed to“look reality in the eye” and accept that nuclear disarmament in the near term was unrealistic. It was not the time for bold new disarmament initiatives, but the United States was committed to the“aspirational goal” of eliminating nuclear weapons and would stand by its commitments, Wood said. “Even in these difficult times, the United States will seek the development of measures that may be effective in creating the conditions for future nuclear disarmament negotiations,” he told the forum. Chinese Ambassador Fu Cong said China appreciated Guterres’ efforts but said reform should not be rushed. “Reducing the role of nuclear weapons in national security doctrines and abandoning the nuclear deterrent policy based on the first use of nuclear weapons constitutes the most practical and feasible nuclear disarmament measure at present,” Fu said. French Ambassador Alice Guitton said Guterres’ statement was very timely, but disarmament could not be decreed, it needed to be built with patience, perseverance and realism. Guterres said talks should target not only nuclear, chemical and conventional arms but also autonomous and unmanned weapons, artificial intelligence, biotechnology and space-based systems. There are currently around 15,000 nuclear weapons worldwide and the arms trade is flourishing more than at any time since the Cold war, with $1.5 trillion of spending annually, he said. Taboos on nuclear tests and chemical weapons usage were under threat, he added, while talk of tactical nuclear weapons was leading in an extremely dangerous direction. Earlier this month the United States published its“nuclear posture review”, which justified an expansion of its“low-yield” nuclear capability by saying it would deter Russia’s tactical nuclear weapons. Last week diplomats and disarmament experts discussed Guterres’s initiative with U.N. officials during a retreat near New York, and he is expected to launch his plans around April or May with“practical and implementable actions”. “The challenges are enormous, but history shows that it has been possible to reach agreement on disarmament and arms control even at the most difficult moments,” Guterres said. 
968202136440987648	2018-02-26 19:12:32	https://t.co/sTgpWV3DJ8	Japan rejects South Korea mention of wartime 'comfort women' at U.N. https://t.co/sTgpWV3DJ8	 GENEVA (Reuters) - Japan formally complained on Monday after South Korea’s foreign minister raised the issue of wartime “comfort women” at the top U.N. rights body, while warning that it should not be allowed to harm bilateral relations at a critical time in east Asia. “Comfort women” was Japan’s euphemism for Asian women - many of them Korean - forced to work in its wartime brothels. Under a 2015 deal, Japan apologized to the women and provided a 1 billion yen (now $9.4 million) fund to help them, but South Korea has recently sought to revisit the issue. The two U.S. allies, who share a bitter history including Japanese colonization, are key to international efforts to rein in North Korea’s nuclear and missile program. Kang Kyung-wha, foreign minister of South Korea, did not name Japan directly in her speech to the United Nations Human Rights Council, but called for a “victim-centered approach” to the issue of comfort women. Kang said that the victims, now women in their 80s and 90s, were “still striving to restore their dignity and honour”. “My government has humbly acknowledged that previous efforts to resolve the issue had clearly lacked a victim-centered approach...my government will take steps to help heal their scars and restore their dignity and honour,” Kang said. Junichi Ihara, Japan’s ambassador to the U.N. in Geneva, asked about the call for a victim-centred approach, told reporters: “That is her assessment of their approach.” “Japan is of the view that Minister Kang Kyung-wha’s bringing up the issue in her statement this morning is totally unacceptable and I myself conveyed our position to (South Korea‘s) permanent representative here,” he added. A 2015 bilateral agreement had confirmed that the issue was resolved “finally and irreversibly”, even if a government changes - as it had with the election of South Korean President Moon Jae-in last year - Ihara said. Some 70 percent of the 47 former South Korean comfort women still alive at the time of the pact had received support from the fund, he said. “Atonement money” had also been provided to former comfort women in the Philippines and Taiwan. “In view of the importance of our bilateral relations for peace, prosperity and stability in east Asia and beyond, the two countries also have a responsibility to the international community to steadily implement the agreement,” Ihara said. Kang, in her speech, said that North Korea must heed the call by major powers to abandon its nuclear and ballistic missile programs and allow peace to take root on the divided peninsula. ($1 = 106.9400 yen) 
968197246335545344	2018-02-26 18:53:06	https://t.co/GgtfxDzSBF	.@Breakingviews: Xi’s open-ended rule bodes ill for governance, says @cbeddor https://t.co/GgtfxDzSBF https://t.co/FXATwRpycr	 WASHINGTON (Reuters Breakingviews) - A potential president for life in Beijing bodes ill for governance. China’s rubber-stamp legislature is set to scrap term limits for leaders, meaning President Xi Jinping could stay around well beyond 2023, when his second term finishes. For foreign executives and investors, this further consolidation of power makes government even less predictable and raises the risk of poor decisions taken in an information vacuum. Xi was already set to wield enduring influence. He was designated the“core” of the Chinese Communist Party, and last year his comrades conspicuously failed to name a successor-in-waiting. However, this move makes the new state of affairs more explicit - and removes a key constraint established after the misrule of Mao Zedong. Gauging the financial impact is difficult. But China is evidently moving away from technocratic government based around compromises struck between the political elite. That will, at the least, make it harder to forecast what comes next. Indeed, the past year has already brought some of the most unexpected policy shifts in recent memory, including a“regulatory storm” of new rules for lenders and a crackdown on the country’s most acquisitive companies and tycoons. Last week regulators seized control of Anbang, one of the biggest insurers, and prosecuted its former chairman. In addition, there could be pushback and confusion as companies and political rivals test the rapidly shifting boundaries. Meanwhile, competing ideas are less likely to win any airtime. What this means for economic reform is hard to predict. The president announced more relaxed rules for investment in banks, brokers and insurers last year, and the somewhat reform-minded Liu He may soon take on a greater role in economic policy. But progress in many areas has disappointed. Foreign businesses reckon it has become harder to operate; progress to internationalise the yuan has stalled, and mergers of state-owned enterprises have focused on creating national giants rather than improving efficiency. Opaque as it is, international companies and investment firms had grown accustomed to the rules of the Chinese political game as it has been played for two decades. It is rapidly evolving into something new. They should not brush this aside as mere politics.
968195991798153216	2018-02-26 18:48:07	https://t.co/bsz24m7Dz6	China's Geely raid on Daimler rekindles German fears: https://t.co/bsz24m7Dz6 See factbox on Chinese automakers' in… https://t.co/aZdxybqLXd	 BERLIN/FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Automaker Geely’s purchase of a $9 billion stake in Mercedes maker Daimler rekindled fears in Germany on Monday of its highly-prized expertise falling into Chinese hands. Economy minister Brigitte Zypries stuck to Berlin’s position that Geely’s [GEELY.UL] swoop was a business matter, but said Germany’s openness must not be not exploited by other countries. Geely, which owns rival Swedish carmaker Volvo, is pushing Daimler for access to know-how in electric and autonomous cars. On Wednesday, a German parliamentary committee will question government officials on whether Geely has violated disclosure rules and whether loopholes in securities trading law need to be closed, the Stuttgarter Zeitung and Stuttgarter Nachrichten newspaper reported on Tuesday. Germany tightened its rules on foreign takeovers last year, the first European Union country to do so, after a series of deals saw China gain access to high-tech know-how, while attempts by German companies to buy full control of Chinese rivals remains prohibited. Although under German law, the government can only intervene if a threshold of 25 percent is exceeded, investors must abide by market rules, Zypries said in interviews with Daimler’s home-town newspaper Stuttgarter Zeitung and Handelsblatt newspaper. Geely revealed its 9.7 percent stake in Daimler (DAIGn.DE) on Friday, surprising the market as it had not disclosed having crossed regulatory thresholds of 3 and 5 percent. Financial and markets regulator Bafin, which oversees the proper disclosure of stakes said it was investigating whether there had been any breach of disclosure rules, which can result in fines of 10 million euros or more. The Chinese carmaker first approached Daimler in November and asked it to issue shares so it could buy a stake, as well as for access to battery technology to help set up an electric car joint venture in Wuhan, China. Daimler, which employs 289,000 people, declined to do a deal as it had reservations about a new industrial alliance for fear of alienating its existing Chinese joint venture partner BAIC (1958.HK), a person familiar with the carmaker’s thinking said. Daimler and BAIC on Sunday said they were planning to co-invest more than 11.9 billion yuan ($1.88 billion) to build a new local production base. “Daimler has already rejected Geely’s overtures once, and Daimler execs we spoke with argue it’s simply not clear what Geely could offer Mercedes,” Bernstein Research analyst Robin Zhu said in a note. Geely responded to the rejection in November by enlisting Dirk Notheis, the former Chief Executive of Morgan Stanley in Germany and Yi Bao, a former CEO of Morgan Stanley Huaxin Securities, sources familiar with the matter told Reuters. Notheis, who declined comment, and Yi Bao, who could not be reached, devised a way for Geely to build a significant stake in Daimler using aggressive takeover tactics which German regulators had sought to quash. Geely worked with Bank of America Merrill Lynch, which declined to comment on Monday, to help secure a 9.69 percent voting stake using derivatives to help skirt disclosure requirements, two people familiar with the deal told Reuters. Mercedes-Benz executives in Stuttgart were at first caught off guard by the approach, but welcomed Geely in meetings on Monday to see how to“constructively discuss” industry changes. Zhejian Geely Holding also owns several other carmakers including Sweden’s Volvo Cars, London’s black-cab maker LEVC and its own Geely Automobile Holdings (0175.HK). It has agreed to buy a $3.3 billion stake in Volvo Trucks. KNOCK-ON IMPACT The first sign of wider ramifications from Geely’s move on Daimler surfaced on Monday as Volvo Trucks dropped the chief executive of Geely’s Volvo Cars from its board, citing competition concerns with rival Daimler. And EU trade ministers will meet this week to discuss a range of issues including how better to protect strategically important European companies from unwanted investors. Germany’s DIHK chambers of industry and commerce representing 3.6 million companies in Europe’s largest economy welcomed Geely’s actions. “In principle, it is an honor that foreign investors take interest in German companies,” Volker Treier, the DIHK’s head of foreign trade was quoted by Stuttgarter Zeitung and Stuttgarter Nachrichten as saying. Several major deals during 2017 raised German sensitivities about multi-billion euro foreign takeovers, notably Chinese home appliance maker Midea Group (000333.SZ) buying German robotics firm Kuka (KU2G.DE), and Hong Kong billionaire Li Ka-shing’s buying German metering firm Ista.[L8N1QG3VD] “The events of last Friday are the latest demonstrations of China’s growing confidence and assertiveness, growing desire to impose its will on global affairs, and growing willingness to exploit the German OEMs’ heavy reliance on Chinese profits,” Bernstein Research said. 
968195109148905472	2018-02-26 18:44:36	https://t.co/Ya1Yw1qBZF	Austria investigates former minister over Eurofighter deal https://t.co/Ya1Yw1qBZF	 VIENNA (Reuters) - Vienna prosecutors are broadening their probe into a $2 billion Eurofighter jet purchase by Austria and are investigating former defense minister Norbert Darabos for breach of trust, a spokeswoman said on Monday. The prosecutors launched investigations against Airbus and the Eurofighter consortium in February 2017 after the defense ministry said it believed they had misled Austria about the price, deliverability and equipment of the 2003 deal. Their investigations involve individuals including Airbus Chief Executive Tom Enders. The consortium and Enders have denied the accusations. Darabos, who agreed a settlement with Eurofighter in 2007 to reduce the order, is the first known former cabinet member to formally be targeted by prosecutors. “I can confirm that Mr (Norbert) Darabos is under investigation for alleged breach of trust,” a spokeswoman for the Vienna prosecutors said, confirming earlier reports by Austrian dailies Kurier and Kronen Zeitung but not elaborating any further. Darabos was not immediately available for comment. Now member of the Burgenland regional government, he told Austrian daily Kurier that he had been questioned by prosecutors several months ago. Austria’s 2003 purchase of 18 Eurofighter jets, approved by the then-conservative-far right coalition government, linked to bribery accusations from the outset. A parliamentary inquiry, set up under a Social Democratic-led government in 2006, explicitly sought reasons to cancel the contract. But in 2007, Defence Minister Darabos, also a Social Democrat, agreed a settlement with the Eurofighter consortium to reduce the order to 15 jets from 18 and the volume of side deals to 3.5 billion euros from 4 billion euros. Those so-called offset deals are common in large arms deals and meant to let local businesses benefit. A second parliamentary inquiry examined the settlement last year. While it found no indications of bribery or that Airbus and its partners illegally influenced Austrian politicians, the committee’s final report assessed that Darabos did not liaise sufficiently with other ministries and agencies while negotiating the settlement and was not transparent enough to allow a court audit of the deal. 
968192365591744514	2018-02-26 18:33:42	https://t.co/lAAGDNL7Mw	South African president Ramaphosa to announce cabinet reshuffle https://t.co/lAAGDNL7Mw	 PRETORIA (Reuters) - South Africa’s new president Cyril Ramaphosa appointed Nhlanhla Nene as finance minister on Monday, two years after Nene’s sacking from the same role began the ruling party revolt that eventually ousted former leader Jacob Zuma. Monday’s cabinet reshuffle also saw Ramaphosa add new faces and remove some ministers allied to Zuma, who was ordered by his own African National Congress party to step down two weeks ago. His nine years as president were marked by multiple corruption allegations, economic mismanagement and disputed appointments. Zuma denies any wrongdoing. Ramaphosa, 65, hailed a“new dawn” after his inauguration and has promised to fight the corruption corroding Africa’s most industrialized economy. Nene sought to keep a tight rein on spending during his previous stint as finance minister, before being fired by Zuma in December 2015 and replaced with unknown parliamentary backbencher Des van Rooyen. Four days later, Zuma was forced to sack van Rooyen and reappoint a previous finance minister, technocrat Pravin Gordhan, after the rand collapsed in value. Gordhan, who was fired by Zuma last March, was also reappointed to the cabinet. He was handed the key public enterprises department, which oversees around 300 state-owned firms, including loss-making South African Airways and cash-strapped power utility Eskom. A popular figure with investors, Gordhan served as Minister of Finance from 2009 until 2014 and again from 2015 until 2017. Seeking to keep the different factions of the ruling African National Congress represented within the cabinet, Ramaphosa retained several ministers appointed by Zuma but demoted them from key government departments. Ten ministers were dropped altogether from cabinet, a majority of them key Zuma allies. “In making these changes, I have been conscious of the need to balance continuity and stability with the need for renewal, economic recovery and accelerated transformation,” Ramaphosa said in a brief speech. But official opposition leader Mmusi Maimane said the cabinet was still filled with compromised ministers. “Ramaphosa’s new cabinet will serve the ANC, not South Africa,” said Maimane, who heads the Democratic Alliance party, citing the appointment of ANC deputy president David Mabuza as Deputy President of South Africa. Mabuza, who has not served as a cabinet minister before, was an ally of Zuma and was accused of involvement in corruption in awarding tenders. He has denied any wrongdoing. “Ramaphosa’s decision to side with scandal-ridden Mabuza undermines the integrity of his stated commitment to fight corruption and rebuild from the tatters of the Zuma decade,” Maimane said. Both Nene and Mabuza will take their positions after completing the formality of being sworn-in as ANC lawmakers. Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, who narrowly lost to Ramaphosa in an ANC leadership election in December, was named as minister in the presidency responsible for planning and monitoring. A former chairwoman of the African Union Commission, Dlamini-Zuma was married to ex-president Zuma for over a decade and has four children with him. The rand firmed against the dollar in volatile trade, ahead of the announcement, and was steady after Ramaphosa spelt out the changes. Outgoing finance minister Malusi Gigaba was moved to the home affairs ministry, while Lindiwe Sisulu, who withdrew from last year’s ANC leadership race, was named foreign affairs minister. Trade unionist Gwede Mantashe, who is currently the national chairperson of the ANC, was named to head the mining ministry. Policy uncertainty has angered investors in the mining sector, which contributes around 7 percent of the country’s GDP. Jeff Radebe, one of the longest-serving ministers in post apartheid South Africa, was named energy minister. South Africa has the continent’s only nuclear power station and is seeking to expand its nuclear power capacity in the coming decades. Analysts said the changes — including shifting some Zuma allies to less important ministries — showed that Ramaphosa was walking a tightrope in balancing the ANC’s factions. Melanie Verwoerd, a political analyst and former ANC lawmaker, said:“It’s positive that Ramaphosa kicked out many of the bad apples from Zuma’s presidency, but handing the deputy president’s position to Mabuza showed that he had to compromise.” Razia Khan, chief economist for Africa at Standard Chartered, said Ramaphosa’s cabinet was a mixed bag. “Markets will react positively to the appointment of Nene as finance minister and Gordhan as public enterprise minister. They are seen as key figures in key portfolios where much needs to be fixed. In all, this was a mix of key policy imperatives, party unity, and an appeal to the ANC’s traditional voter base,” she said. 
968192365470146560	2018-02-26 18:33:42	https://t.co/BfVftBflpk	Seoul says U.S., North Korea should lower threshold for talks https://t.co/BfVftBflpk	 SEOUL/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - In the latest attempt to defuse the crisis over North Korea’s weapons program, South Korea urged Washington and Pyongyang to give ground to allow for talks and U.S. President Donald Trump reiterated he would negotiate with North Korea, but only under the right conditions. “Recently, North Korea has shown it is open to actively engaging the United States in talks and the United States is talking about the importance of dialogue,” South Korean President Moon Jae-in said during a meeting in Seoul with Chinese Vice Premier Liu Yandong. “There is a need for the United States to lower the threshold for talks with North Korea, and North Korea should show it is willing to denuclearize. It’s important the United States and North Korea sit down together quickly,” he said, according to a statement from his office. South Korea, a close U.S. ally, has engaged in a flurry of talks with North Korean officials since January, hoping to use the South’s just-concluded Winter Olympics as a catalyst for rapprochement. But the United States has insisted that any future talks with North Korea must be aimed at that country’s denuclearization, something Pyongyang has rejected. North Korea on Sunday expressed willingness for dialogue, Seoul says. Trump, who has been pushing a global sanctions campaign against North Korea to force it to give up development of nuclear missiles capable of hitting the United States, reiterated that he would like to have talks with Pyongyang, but only if the conditions were right. “They want to talk. We want to talk also, only under the right conditions. Otherwise we’re not talking,” Trump said while hosting a meeting with state governors at the White House. “We’ll see what happens. That’s my attitude, we’ll see what happens.” Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un have exchanged taunts that have raised fears of war, and Trump last August threatened to go beyond sanctions by threatening“fire and fury” although his administration says it prefers a diplomatic solution to the crisis. On Friday, Washington announced its largest package of sanctions yet on North Korea, and Trump warned of a“phase two” that could be“very, very unfortunate for the world” if the steps did not work - an apparent reference to military options his administration says remain on the table. In another reference to the risk of war, Trump added on Monday:“We’re talking about tremendous potential loss of lives, numbers that nobody’s even contemplated, never thought of.” On Monday, Trump praised Chinese President Xi Jinping’s support of U.N. sanctions and repeated accusations that Russia was stepping in to provide North Korea with items China used to provide. “I think that President Xi is unique. He’s helping us with North Korea,” Trump said, crediting the relationship he has built up with the Chinese leader. “And Russia is behaving badly because Russia is sending in what China is taking out. So China’s doing pretty good numbers, but Russia is now sending a lot of stuff. But I think they want to see it come to an end also, I think everybody does.” North Korea has condemned the new sanctions and accused Washington of trying to undermine the improvement in inter-Korean relations. A high-level delegation from North Korea has been visiting Seoul and meeting South Korean officials, including Moon, after attending the Olympics’ closing ceremony on Sunday. South Korea said the delegation told Moon that North Korea was open to talks with Washington. The North Koreans attended a dinner hosted by Unification Minister Cho Myong-gyon, where participants agreed to keep working to boost inter-Korean ties. Unification Ministry spokesman Baik Tae-hyun said he hoped constructive talks between North Korea and the United States could begin when“an appropriate opportunity” arose. The North Korean delegation, led by former military intelligence chief Kim Yong Chol, met Chung Eui-yong, security adviser for the presidential Blue House, and other South Korean government officials for lunch on Monday. Kim Yong Chol has been accused by South Korea of being behind the sinking of a South Korean warship in 2010 that killed 46 sailors and has been the subject of protests since his visit was announced. North Korea has denied the allegations. “Both sides agreed to work together for permanent peace on the Korean peninsula, sustainable relations between North and South Korea and balanced cooperation with the international society,” the South’s presidential office said in a statement. 
968188690022457346	2018-02-26 18:19:06	https://t.co/pD2rdE6znA	Bollywood actress Sridevi drowned in a bathtub after losing consciousness: Dubai police https://t.co/pD2rdE6znA https://t.co/9shMEqia0K	 DUBAI (Reuters) - Indian actress Sridevi died from drowning in her hotel room bathtub, police in Dubai said on Monday following a post-mortem. Media reports had earlier said the 54-year-old, who had been in Dubai for a family wedding, had died of cardiac arrest on Saturday. “Following the completion of post-mortem analysis, Dubai Police today stated that the death of Indian actress Sridevi occurred due to drowning in her hotel apartment’s bathtub following loss of consciousness,” Dubai Police said on their Twitter account. “Dubai Police has transferred the case to Dubai Public Prosecution, which will carry out regular legal procedures followed in such cases,” it added, without elaborating. In a career spanning five decades, Sridevi acted in 300 films and was awarded the Padma Shri, India’s fourth-highest civilian honor in 2013. Born Shree Amma Yanger Ayyapan in the southern state of Tamil Nadu, she started acting at the age of four, appearing in several Tamil-language films in the 1960s and 1970s, and eventually dropping out of school for a career in the movies. Sridevi made her Bollywood debut in 1979 with“Solva Sawan” (16th spring), but it was in 1983, with Balu Mahendra’s“Sadma” (Shock) that she made her mark in the Hindi film industry. That year, she also acted with Jeetendra in K. Raghavendra Rao’s blockbuster“Himmatwala” (The Courageous One), cementing her place as one of Bollywood’s top actresses. Sridevi was known for her on-screen vivacity and energy, playing memorable characters in films such as“Chaalbaaz” (Trickster) and Shekhar Kapur’s“Mr India” in the 80s and 90s. She charmed audiences in female-centric hits at a time when the Indian film industry relied on male actors for box-office success. Sridevi took a break from films soon after she married producer Boney Kapoor in 1996. She made a successful return to the big screen 15 years later in Gauri Shinde’s“English Vinglish” (2012), playing a housewife taking English-language lessons. Her last screen appearance was in“Mom” (2017), as a mother avenging her daughter’s rape. Sridevi’s death triggered an outpouring of tributes from Bollywood luminaries and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi. 
968188413877936133	2018-02-26 18:18:00	https://t.co/RIq1LBnfEp	South African president Ramaphosa to announce cabinet reshuffle https://t.co/RIq1LBnfEp	 PRETORIA (Reuters) - South Africa’s new president Cyril Ramaphosa appointed Nhlanhla Nene as finance minister on Monday, two years after Nene’s sacking from the same role began the ruling party revolt that eventually ousted former leader Jacob Zuma. Monday’s cabinet reshuffle also saw Ramaphosa add new faces and remove some ministers allied to Zuma, who was ordered by his own African National Congress party to step down two weeks ago. His nine years as president were marked by multiple corruption allegations, economic mismanagement and disputed appointments. Zuma denies any wrongdoing. Ramaphosa, 65, hailed a“new dawn” after his inauguration and has promised to fight the corruption corroding Africa’s most industrialized economy. Nene sought to keep a tight rein on spending during his previous stint as finance minister, before being fired by Zuma in December 2015 and replaced with unknown parliamentary backbencher Des van Rooyen. Four days later, Zuma was forced to sack van Rooyen and reappoint a previous finance minister, technocrat Pravin Gordhan, after the rand collapsed in value. Gordhan, who was fired by Zuma last March, was also reappointed to the cabinet. He was handed the key public enterprises department, which oversees around 300 state-owned firms, including loss-making South African Airways and cash-strapped power utility Eskom. A popular figure with investors, Gordhan served as Minister of Finance from 2009 until 2014 and again from 2015 until 2017. Seeking to keep the different factions of the ruling African National Congress represented within the cabinet, Ramaphosa retained several ministers appointed by Zuma but demoted them from key government departments. Ten ministers were dropped altogether from cabinet, a majority of them key Zuma allies. “In making these changes, I have been conscious of the need to balance continuity and stability with the need for renewal, economic recovery and accelerated transformation,” Ramaphosa said in a brief speech. But official opposition leader Mmusi Maimane said the cabinet was still filled with compromised ministers. “Ramaphosa’s new cabinet will serve the ANC, not South Africa,” said Maimane, who heads the Democratic Alliance party, citing the appointment of ANC deputy president David Mabuza as Deputy President of South Africa. Mabuza, who has not served as a cabinet minister before, was an ally of Zuma and was accused of involvement in corruption in awarding tenders. He has denied any wrongdoing. “Ramaphosa’s decision to side with scandal-ridden Mabuza undermines the integrity of his stated commitment to fight corruption and rebuild from the tatters of the Zuma decade,” Maimane said. Both Nene and Mabuza will take their positions after completing the formality of being sworn-in as ANC lawmakers. Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, who narrowly lost to Ramaphosa in an ANC leadership election in December, was named as minister in the presidency responsible for planning and monitoring. A former chairwoman of the African Union Commission, Dlamini-Zuma was married to ex-president Zuma for over a decade and has four children with him. The rand firmed against the dollar in volatile trade, ahead of the announcement, and was steady after Ramaphosa spelt out the changes. Outgoing finance minister Malusi Gigaba was moved to the home affairs ministry, while Lindiwe Sisulu, who withdrew from last year’s ANC leadership race, was named foreign affairs minister. Trade unionist Gwede Mantashe, who is currently the national chairperson of the ANC, was named to head the mining ministry. Policy uncertainty has angered investors in the mining sector, which contributes around 7 percent of the country’s GDP. Jeff Radebe, one of the longest-serving ministers in post apartheid South Africa, was named energy minister. South Africa has the continent’s only nuclear power station and is seeking to expand its nuclear power capacity in the coming decades. Analysts said the changes — including shifting some Zuma allies to less important ministries — showed that Ramaphosa was walking a tightrope in balancing the ANC’s factions. Melanie Verwoerd, a political analyst and former ANC lawmaker, said:“It’s positive that Ramaphosa kicked out many of the bad apples from Zuma’s presidency, but handing the deputy president’s position to Mabuza showed that he had to compromise.” Razia Khan, chief economist for Africa at Standard Chartered, said Ramaphosa’s cabinet was a mixed bag. “Markets will react positively to the appointment of Nene as finance minister and Gordhan as public enterprise minister. They are seen as key figures in key portfolios where much needs to be fixed. In all, this was a mix of key policy imperatives, party unity, and an appeal to the ANC’s traditional voter base,” she said. 
968187027706601472	2018-02-26 18:12:30	https://t.co/DEXQOu97eB	Germany's Merkel wins party nod to renew coalition with Social Democrats https://t.co/DEXQOu97eB	 BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel’s conservatives on Monday approved a coalition deal with the Social Democrats (SPD), bringing closer a fourth term for her as well as an end to political limbo in Europe’s preeminent power. The more formidable hurdle to ending a five-month political impasse comes next week, however. On March 4, results of a binding postal vote by members of the center-left SPD will be announced and they are far less certain. “Now I can only say to the SPD that I hope many members feel the same responsibility for giving Germany a good government,” Merkel said in an interview with broadcaster RTL.“I think we can achieve a lot together for Germany and its people.” The vote at a CDU congress followed Merkel’s announcement of her picks for a new, younger cabinet intended to revive the party, which has been riven by disagreements over how to respond to the Alternative for Germany (AfD) since losing votes to the far-right party in national elections in September. The CDU’s youth wing has called for the party to renew itself in the wake of its worst election result since 1949 in September and Merkel, 63, stressed in her speech to delegates at the CDU gathering that younger faces were in the new team. Earlier, she reassured CDU delegates that the new German government, which will steer Europe’s largest economy, would not take out any new debt, would avoid tax increases and would seek to renew the European Union. Monday’s vote came as a poll showed support for both Merkel’s conservative bloc - which also includes the Bavarian Christian Social Union (CSU) - and the SPD rising. Delegates cast aside whatever doubts they may have had in Merkel by voting overwhelmingly to appoint a centrist candidate she had hand-picked as the CDU’s new secretary-general. Promising to lead a centrist mass party, Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer, 55, dubbed“mini-Merkel” by some media, won the backing of more than 98 percent of delegates after making a pitch that opposed demands from Merkel’s critics for the party to move right to recapture votes lost to the nationalist right. Her Catholic, western German background contrasts with Merkel’s Protestant, eastern roots. While socially conservative and known for opposing gay marriage, Kramp-Karrenbauer is also a strong supporter of the minimum wage and workers’ rights. “I’m glad that there’s strong support for the coalition agreement, and that we now have a general secretary who got a super result,” Merkel said after the vote.“The work can begin.” Apart from pledges on tax and debt, Merkel also committed the new government to ensuring fast internet is available everywhere in Germany by 2025, raising research spending, creating 8,000 nursing jobs and taking a“zero tolerance” policy on security. Merkel said conservatives secured wins in coalition talks with the SPD, including preventing what she called the“aberration” of a single healthcare system that the SPD had demanded to replace the current dual public-private system. She disappointed many conservatives, however, by agreeing to give the SPD the powerful finance ministry. She said it was a“painful” loss but added it was right not to let negotiations collapse over cabinet portfolios rather than policy substance. She also underscored the importance of the economy ministry - which the CDU will retake after years in SPD hands. After 12 years as chancellor and almost 18 years in charge of her party, Merkel’s authority is waning and on Sunday, she responded to growing calls for new blood at the top of the CDU.. Her efforts to forge a coalition with two smaller parties collapsed in November. That forced her to woo back the SPD, which was the coalition partner in her 2013-2017 government but reluctant to repeat the experience after seeing its own support dwindle to its lowest since World War Two. If SPD members vote“no” in their ballot, the most likely outcome is a new election or possibly a minority government. Experts say a snap election could result in further gains for the anti-immigration AfD, which entered parliament for the first time in September. Some analysts said the prospect of a new election would spur SPD members into voting“yes”, so as to prevent a further deterioration in support for their party. A Forsa poll on Monday showed the SPD up two points from a week ago, at 18 percent, while the CDU/CSU edged up one point to 35 percent. The AfD remained the third strongest party with 13 percent. Forsa researcher Manfred Guellner said the grumbling in both camps had abated since Merkel proposed Kramp-Karrenbauer for CDU general secretary and former SPD leader Martin Schulz decided against joining a Merkel-led cabinet as foreign minister. 
968187027509383168	2018-02-26 18:12:30	https://t.co/WkhVrp2r7O	Saudi envoy invites Lebanon's PM Hariri to kingdom https://t.co/WkhVrp2r7O	 BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon’s Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri has been invited to Saudi Arabia, his office said on Monday, setting the stage for his first visit since he abruptly resigned there in November. Hariri received the invitation from Saudi envoy Nizar al-Aloula on Monday and would go as soon as possible, the press office said without elaborating. The premier last traveled to the kingdom on Nov. 3 and resigned in a televised statement a day later. Lebanese officials accused Saudi Arabia of forcing Hariri, its long-time ally, to quit and putting him under effective house arrest until France intervened. Riyadh has denied this. He returned home weeks later and withdrew his resignation, drawing a line under the crisis that had raised fears for Lebanon’s economic and political stability. The crisis thrust Lebanon onto the frontline of a Middle East contest for power pitting a Saudi-led bloc against Iran and its allies, including the Lebanese Shi’ite Hezbollah movement. “Saudi Arabia’s main goal is for Lebanon to be its own master, and it is keen on Lebanon’s full independence,” Hariri said after meeting Saudi envoy Nizar al-Aloula in Beirut on Monday. After his return, Hariri’s coalition government, which includes Hezbollah, reaffirmed a state policy of staying out of conflicts in the Arab world. Saudi Arabia accuses the heavily armed Hezbollah of waging war across the Middle East as agents of Iran. Lebanon declared its policy of“dissociation” in 2012 to keep the deeply divided state out of regional conflicts such as the war in neighboring Syria. Still, Hezbollah has sent thousands of its fighters across the border to support Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. 
968184403359911937	2018-02-26 18:02:04	https://t.co/HPlbm2wrys	Police suspect Slovak investigative journalist murdered for his work https://t.co/HPlbm2wrys	 PRAGUE (Reuters) - A Slovak journalist shot dead with his girlfriend was probably targeted for his investigative work, police said on Monday, a case that has shocked the small central European country and highlighted public concerns about corruption. Jan Kuciak, 27, had reported for the news site Aktuality.sk on fraud cases, often involving businessmen with connections to Slovakia’s ruling party and other politicians. He and his girlfriend were found dead on Sunday at his home in Velka Maca, 65 km (40 miles) east of the capital Bratislava. Aktuality’s publisher Axel Springer condemned the“cruel assassination” of its journalist while the international group Reporters Without Borders (RSF) said it was appalled. Slovakia’s leaders promised to bring the perpetrators to justice, with the government offering a 1 million euro reward for information leading to an arrest. “It seems that the most likely version is a motive connected to the investigative work of the journalist,” Slovak police chief Tibor Gaspar told a televised news conference. Kuciak’s last story for Aktuality, on Feb. 9, looked at transactions by firms linked to businessman Marian Kocner and connected to a Bratislava luxury apartment complex that became the center of a political scandal last year. Kocner could not be reached for comment on Monday but told the Slovak public broadcaster he had no connection to the case. A long-time Bratislava-based investigative journalist, Tom Nicholson, told the news sits Dennik N that he had spoken to Kuciak a week ago about a case they both were looking at involving suspected Italian mafia abuse of EU funds in Slovakia. “If it is proven that the death of the investigative reporter was connected with his journalistic work, it would be an unprecedented attack on freedom of speech and democracy in Slovakia,” Prime Minister Robert Fico said. Slovakia’s economy has boomed and living standards have risen sharply since it joined the European Union in 2004, but many Slovaks say their country still fails to defend the rule of law, especially in punishing corruption and cronyism. The case connected to the apartment complex helped touch off protests in 2017 seeking the resignation of Interior Minister Robert Kalinak over business dealings with property developer Ladislav Basternak, who has been investigated over possible tax fraud. Both have denied wrongdoing in their dealings. “We are shocked and stunned about the news that Jan Kuciak and his companion obviously have been the victims of a cruel assassination,” publisher Ringier Axel Springer Slovakia said in a statement. It said there were“justified suspicions” that the murder was connected to Kuciak’s“current research”, but declined to say what that research involved. A group of 14 editors-in-chief of Slovak publications released a statement calling on the state to solve the case and help to safeguard journalists’ work. Fico convened an emergency meeting with Kalinak, the attorney general, the national chief of police and the head of the state intelligence service. Kuciak’s killing dismayed EU officials, coming a few months after Malta’s best-known investigative journalist, Daphne Caruana Galizia, was killed by a car bomb. “Shocked by the murder of a journalist in the EU. No democracy can survive without the free press, which is why journalists deserve respect and protection,” deputy European Commission chief Frans Timmermans tweeted.“Justice must be served.” 
968182039596949504	2018-02-26 17:52:40	https://t.co/RZThB3Y4fg	UK expects post-Brexit devolution deal but Scotland begs to differ https://t.co/RZThB3Y4fg	 EDINBURGH (Reuters) - Britain’s government said on Monday that it expected to reach an agreement with the United Kingdom’s devolved nations on how power will be shared after Brexit, but its latest proposal to unlock a political impasse fell flat in Scotland. Scotland, Northern Ireland and Wales do not have a veto on Brexit legislation, but ignoring them risks worsening already strained relations, stoking nationalism in Scotland, and further complicating the already-difficult withdrawal process. The government needs a deal before the summer in order to pass the European Union (Withdrawal) Bill in Britain’s national parliament. The bill will formally sever the UK’s ties to the EU and“copy and paste” EU legislation into British law. Cabinet minister David Lidington said most currently devolved powers would now automatically stay in Edinburgh, Cardiff and Belfast, the devolved nations’ capitals, after Britain leaves the European Union. But he said the British government would make exceptions if it believed that would damage the UK as a whole. “The government will protect that vital common market of the United Kingdom by retaining UK frameworks where necessary,” Lidington said in the latest of several speeches by senior ministers setting out the British government’s Brexit roadmap. “We will retain our ability not only to act in the national interest where we need to, but to do so with a unity of purpose which places the prosperity and security of all our citizens, no matter where they are from or where they were born, to the fore.” That would ensure simplicity of administrative processes for businesses or citizens of the UK as it leaves the EU, he said. Prime Minister Theresa May’s Conservative government also argues it will give Britain more strength to negotiate trade deals. Scotland’s Brexit minister, whose party supports Scottish independence from the UK, slammed Lidington’s speech. “However they try to dress this up, the reality is the UK government is using Brexit to try to take control of devolved powers without the agreement of the Scottish parliament,” Michael Russell said. The British parliament must seek consent from the Scottish parliament and the Welsh assembly when legislating on policy areas that overlap with their devolved lawmaking powers in areas such as education, health, farming and fishing. Both have declined to give their consent to the withdrawal bill. May’s spokesman said the government had made a“considerable” offer on the redistribution of powers, and that accepting the deal set out by Lidington was the best way to ensure a smooth and orderly EU exit. The devolved government in Edinburgh says it is preparing to pass its own legislation to protect Scotland, where a majority voted to stay in the EU, from Brexit. 
968180927359799296	2018-02-26 17:48:15	https://t.co/s1gGiUaUN0	South African president Cyril Ramaphosa to announce cabinet reshuffle https://t.co/s1gGiUaUN0	 PRETORIA (Reuters) - South Africa’s new president Cyril Ramaphosa appointed Nhlanhla Nene as finance minister on Monday, two years after Nene’s sacking from the same role began the ruling party revolt that eventually ousted former leader Jacob Zuma. Monday’s cabinet reshuffle also saw Ramaphosa add new faces and remove some ministers allied to Zuma, who was ordered by his own African National Congress party to step down two weeks ago. His nine years as president were marked by multiple corruption allegations, economic mismanagement and disputed appointments. Zuma denies any wrongdoing. Ramaphosa, 65, hailed a “new dawn” after his inauguration and has promised to fight the corruption corroding Africa’s most industrialized economy. Nene sought to keep a tight rein on spending during his previous stint as finance minister, before being fired by Zuma in December 2015 and replaced with unknown parliamentary backbencher Des van Rooyen. Four days later, Zuma was forced to sack van Rooyen and reappoint a previous finance minister, technocrat Pravin Gordhan, after the rand collapsed in value. Gordhan, who was fired by Zuma last March, was also reappointed to the cabinet. He was handed the key public enterprises department, which oversees around 300 state-owned firms, including loss-making South African Airways and cash-strapped power utility Eskom. A popular figure with investors, Gordhan served as Minister of Finance from 2009 until 2014 and again from 2015 until 2017. Seeking to keep the different factions of the ruling African National Congress represented within the cabinet, Ramaphosa retained several ministers appointed by Zuma but demoted them from key government departments. Ten ministers were dropped altogether from cabinet, a majority of them key Zuma allies. “In making these changes, I have been conscious of the need to balance continuity and stability with the need for renewal, economic recovery and accelerated transformation,” Ramaphosa said in a brief speech. But official opposition leader Mmusi Maimane said the cabinet was still filled with compromised ministers. “Ramaphosa’s new cabinet will serve the ANC, not South Africa,” said Maimane, who heads the Democratic Alliance party, citing the appointment of ANC deputy president David Mabuza as Deputy President of South Africa. Mabuza, who has not served as a cabinet minister before, was an ally of Zuma and was accused of involvement in corruption in awarding tenders. He has denied any wrongdoing. “Ramaphosa’s decision to side with scandal-ridden Mabuza undermines the integrity of his stated commitment to fight corruption and rebuild from the tatters of the Zuma decade,” Maimane said. Both Nene and Mabuza will take their positions after completing the formality of being sworn-in as ANC lawmakers. Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, who narrowly lost to Ramaphosa in an ANC leadership election in December, was named as minister in the presidency responsible for planning and monitoring. A former chairwoman of the African Union Commission, Dlamini-Zuma was married to ex-president Zuma for over a decade and has four children with him. The rand firmed against the dollar in volatile trade, ahead of the announcement, and was steady after Ramaphosa spelt out the changes. ‘BAD APPLES’ Outgoing finance minister Malusi Gigaba was moved to the home affairs ministry, while Lindiwe Sisulu, who withdrew from last year’s ANC leadership race, was named foreign affairs minister. Trade unionist Gwede Mantashe, who is currently the national chairperson of the ANC, was named to head the mining ministry. Policy uncertainty has angered investors in the mining sector, which contributes around 7 percent of the country’s GDP. Jeff Radebe, one of the longest-serving ministers in post apartheid South Africa, was named energy minister. South Africa has the continent’s only nuclear power station and is seeking to expand its nuclear power capacity in the coming decades. Analysts said the changes -- including shifting some Zuma allies to less important ministries -- showed that Ramaphosa was walking a tightrope in balancing the ANC’s factions. Melanie Verwoerd, a political analyst and former ANC lawmaker, said: “It’s positive that Ramaphosa kicked out many of the bad apples from Zuma’s presidency, but handing the deputy president’s position to Mabuza showed that he had to compromise.” Razia Khan, chief economist for Africa at Standard Chartered, said Ramaphosa’s cabinet was a mixed bag. “Markets will react positively to the appointment of Nene as finance minister and Gordhan as public enterprise minister. They are seen as key figures in key portfolios where much needs to be fixed. In all, this was a mix of key policy imperatives, party unity, and an appeal to the ANC’s traditional voter base,” she said. 
968178877356003328	2018-02-26 17:40:06	https://t.co/bZAtDxilth	Britain's big banks play catch up with fintech with new apps https://t.co/bZAtDxilth https://t.co/6uUXqhasFd	 LONDON (Reuters) - British retail banks are poised to introduce money management apps to compete with those already launched by financial technology start-ups, betting their trusted brands, broad client base and deep pockets will help them make up lost ground. HSBC (HSBA.L), Lloyds Banking Group (LLOY.L) and the Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS.L) are at various stages of producing cutting-edge apps that will allow customers to pull data from different accounts, even those at rival lenders, on their mobile devices and home computers. They are playing a serious game of catch-up. Numerous fintech firms and digital banks like Monzo and Money Dashboard already offer the kinds of apps the banks are building, winning fans among the young and tech-savvy. The user base for Monzo’s app, which analyses and categorizes spending habits, sends budgeting nudges and allows users to freeze and unfreeze cards at the click of a button, soared by 300 percent to 450,000 in nine months last year. After years spent rebuilding balance sheets and managing regulatory change after the 2008 financial crisis, technology is now at the top of the banks’ agenda, said Edward Firth, managing director for UK banks at brokerage Keefe, Bruyette & Woods. “This is all they’re talking about,” he said. The drive has been turbo-charged by new“open banking” regulations requiring Britain’s nine biggest banks to share data so that customers can access their financial information across providers in an aggregated format and make it easier to compare services as well as change banks. The rules were supposed to be implemented on Jan. 13 but six of the banks, including Barclays (BARC.L) and HSBC, have asked for more time to ensure the data is secure. The changes will now start for the majority of customers in March, although some banks have been allowed to delay until next year for certain segments of their customer bases. Jeremy Light, managing director of Accenture Payment Services for Europe, Africa and Latin America, said the changes will spark a competitive technology race in which aggregator apps will be the“bare minimum”. “You will have to have them, because if you don’t you’re out of the game,” Light said.“It’s really all of the other services that you then start offering.” Monzo, Starling Bank and Revolut have already opened a“marketplace” within their apps where users can shop around for and sign up to other products and services from fintech firms, banks or even energy and insurance companies. HSBC is the only major lender to show an interest in this kind of service so far, teaming up with fintech firm Bud to trial a money management and marketplace app with users on its First Direct brand. Big banks have the advantages of scale, name recognition and funding power, Accenture’s Light said. Lloyds, which had 13.5 million users of its online and mobile offerings in 2017, plans to unveil a new app with“full open banking capability”, Chief Executive Antonio Horta-Osorio said at the bank’s annual results announcement on Feb. 21. He did not give a date for the launch, but a source familiar with the matter had previously told Reuters it was expected sometime this year. Horta-Osorio also unveiled a 3 billion pound investment program focused mainly on digitization and staff over three years. HSBC’s app, dubbed HSBC Beta in the pilot stage, aggregates data from users’ current accounts, loans and savings, calculating their disposable income each month and sending nudges like Monzo’s app. The app will launch to existing clients“imminently”, said Raman Bhatia, head of digital at the lender for the UK and Europe, and will eventually be available to other banks’ customers too. HSBC has earmarked $2 billion for investments in and 3,000 people working on digital technology globally, with Britain taking a large share of the funding and around a third of the workforce, he said. Tom Moore, a 30-year-old graphic designer, is taking part in a trial of the HSBC app and told Reuters via Facebook that although there are some features he would like to change, he would trust such products from HSBC above others. “The benefit of this being done by HSBC, rather than some mysterious company nobody has ever heard of, is definitely in their (the bank’s) favor,” he said. RBS will launch its account aggregator app some time in 2018 but tests with customers have already started, Jane Howard, managing director of personal banking at RBS, told Reuters. Barclays said it was too soon to talk about its plans. Light said smaller firms tended to be able to deliver slick technology faster and more effectively than big rivals who have to contend with vast user bases and complex legacy technology. Nikolay Storonsky, founder & CEO at Revolut, which claims more than one million customers across Europe, says he isn’t worried,“no matter how much funding the big banks have”. “They may copy some of our savings products 12 months after we’ve launched them, but by that time we have three or four other features in this area and we’re moving onto the next big thing,” he said in an email. “To keep younger customers excited and loyal, they will need to focus on reducing red tape, attracting top developers and begin innovating, not copying.” (GRAPHIC - Digital banks rise: tmsnrt.rs/2BdERcZ) 
968176402129473537	2018-02-26 17:30:16	https://t.co/HVva0tslWc	Infantino still committed to VAR at World Cup https://t.co/HVva0tslWc https://t.co/lxOOEK7UCk	 BRATISLAVA (Reuters) - FIFA President Gianni Infantino has not had any second thoughts about using video assistant referees (VAR) at this year’s World Cup, he told Reuters on Monday, despite recent controversies involving the new technology. His UEFA counterpart Aleksander Ceferin said, however, that the system would not be used in next season’s Champions League. VAR, which allows match referee to review decisions on a pitchside monitor or by consulting an assistant who monitors the game on a video, has been trialled in a number of competitions over the past year. Soccer’s law-making body IFAB is expected to decide on Saturday whether to authorise its use on a permanent basis and Infantino has said that, if VAR is approved, FIFA will use it at this year’s World Cup in Russia. However, it has proved controversial especially in Italy’s Serie A where there have been cases of penalties being revoked after a wait of several minutes or goals being disallowed for minor infringements after similar delays. Critics say it has taken the spontaneity out of the sport and left fans confused. “We have to base decisions on facts and not feelings,” Infantino said on the sidelines of the UEFA Congress. ”The facts are that from almost 1,000 matches which were tested, the accuracy rate of the referees went up from 93 percent to 99 percent. ”If we, or I, can do something to make sure that the World Cup is not decided by a referee’s mistakes, then I think it’s our duty to do it. “Much more time is wasted on throw-ins or free kicks, rather than on correcting a potentially wrong decision with VAR, so I‘m still very positive.” Infantino added that controversy was part and parcel of Serie A - with or without VAR. “If you lose the match, before it was the fault of the referee, now it’s the fault of VAR...that’s part of the customs, of the traditions of Italian football as well,” he said. Ceferin later told a news conference he was not necessarily against VAR but that it needed more time. “We will not use it in the Champions League next season,” he said. ”I see a lot of confusion...I think there is no way back any more but we have to educate the referees properly, we have to explain to the fans when it can be used. “Fans keep seeing the (VAR) screen all the time but nobody knows how it works. For me, it might be a good project but we shouldn’t rush it.” 
968173489298509824	2018-02-26 17:18:42	https://t.co/sFS9Khiz0v	Afghan Taliban renew call for dialogue with U.S. to end war https://t.co/sFS9Khiz0v	 KABUL (Reuters) - The Taliban urged the United States on Monday to begin talks to end almost 17 years of war in Afghanistan, adding to a series of signals that suggest a greater willingness to explore options for dialogue. In its statement, two days before the start of a meeting of regional leaders in Kabul to discuss ways of ending the war, the movement said it wanted a peaceful resolution. “The Political Office of the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan calls on American officials to talk directly to the Political Office of Islamic Emirate regarding a peaceful solution to the Afghan quandary,” it said. “It would help in finding a solution if America accepts the legitimate demands of the Afghan people and [puts] forward its own concerns and requests for discussion to the Islamic Emirate through a peaceful channel,” it said. The statement referred to reported comments by Alice Wells, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary in the U.S. State Department’s Bureau of South and Central Asian Affairs, that the“door is open” for talks with the Taliban. Less than two weeks ago, the Taliban issued a statement saying they preferred to“solve the Afghan issue through peaceful dialogue”. The United States last year stepped up its military assistance to Afghanistan, notably through a sharp increase in air strikes, with the aim of breaking a stalemate with the insurgents and forcing them to the negotiating table. While the U.S. military says the strategy has hit the Taliban hard, they still control or contest much of the country. They also claimed responsibility for two major attacks in Kabul last month that killed or wounded hundreds of civilians and shook public confidence in the Western-backed government of President Ashraf Ghani. U.S. officials say the only option for an end to the war is a negotiated settlement between the Taliban and the Afghan government. In an interview this week with Voice of America, Wells said the next meeting in the so-called“Kabul process”, beginning on Wednesday, would aim to make clear that there was the potential for dialogue. “I’m confident that the conference is going to push forward regional efforts to enforce what has been our most important message to the Taliban - that the door is open, there is a path to peace and stability,” she said. But while all sides say they want a peaceful solution and there have been behind-the-scenes contacts, the only major peace talks broke down almost immediately after they started in 2015. The Taliban, fighting to restore their version of strict Islamic law since they were driven from power in Kabul by a U.S.-led campaign in 2001, have in the past insisted that international forces must leave Afghanistan as a precondition for talks. 
968170572222992385	2018-02-26 17:07:06	https://t.co/WgIX5ZkY5w	Saudi envoy invites Lebanon's Hariri to kingdom: PM office https://t.co/WgIX5ZkY5w	 BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon’s Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri has been invited to Saudi Arabia, his office said on Monday, setting the stage for his first visit since he abruptly resigned there in November. Hariri received the invitation from Saudi envoy Nizar al-Aloula on Monday and would go as soon as possible, the press office said without elaborating. The premier last traveled to the kingdom on Nov. 3 and resigned in a televised statement a day later. Lebanese officials accused Saudi Arabia of forcing Hariri, its long-time ally, to quit and putting him under effective house arrest until France intervened. Riyadh has denied this. He returned home weeks later and withdrew his resignation, drawing a line under the crisis that had raised fears for Lebanon’s economic and political stability. The crisis thrust Lebanon onto the frontline of a Middle East contest for power pitting a Saudi-led bloc against Iran and its allies, including the Lebanese Shi’ite Hezbollah movement. “Saudi Arabia’s main goal is for Lebanon to be its own master, and it is keen on Lebanon’s full independence,” Hariri said after meeting Saudi envoy Nizar al-Aloula in Beirut on Monday. After his return, Hariri’s coalition government, which includes Hezbollah, reaffirmed a state policy of staying out of conflicts in the Arab world. Saudi Arabia accuses the heavily armed Hezbollah of waging war across the Middle East as agents of Iran. Lebanon declared its policy of“dissociation” in 2012 to keep the deeply divided state out of regional conflicts such as the war in neighboring Syria. Still, Hezbollah has sent thousands of its fighters across the border to support Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. 
968170572206264320	2018-02-26 17:07:06	https://t.co/di4oSNbsZc	Wealthy Greek minister quits in uproar over rent subsidy https://t.co/di4oSNbsZc	 ATHENS (Reuters) - A Greek junior minister resigned on Monday after a wave of outrage triggered by reports that she had claimed a rent allowance despite extensive personal wealth. Rania Antonopoulou, who had been deputy labor minister in charge of the unemployment portfolio since 2015, was entitled to the subsidy, intended to help members of government with rent if Athens is not their home. But a Sunday newspaper report that she was claiming it, and for an apartment in a smart neighborhood, touched a nerve in a country where a third of the population live in poverty and unemployment is higher than anywhere in the euro zone. The opposition called for her to step down. Newspapers have reported that, in their public source-of-wealth declaration, Antonopoulou and her husband, Economy Minister Dimitri Papadimitriou, said they received 450,000 euros ($550,000) in income in 2015, and owned close to half a million euros in bank deposits as well as properties in Greece and abroad. “The richest couple in government ... have pushed the limits,” the Proto Thema newspaper wrote on its front page on Sunday. Other newspapers reported that the apartment in question was in a wealthy neighborhood of Athens. Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras conveyed to Antonopoulou “that he did not consider it proper to take advantage of this provision”, the government’s spokesman, Dimitris Tzanakopoulos, told Greek radio on Monday. A government official said Tsipras had decided to scrap the benefit for non-parliamentary members of government. Antonopoulou acknowledged that she had applied for and received 23,000 euros for rent over two years up to August 2017 and offered to return the money, but denied wrongdoing, saying she had acted in accordance with the law. “It has never been my intention to provoke the public’s sense of justice nor to offend the Greek people,” she said in a statement. ”During this period of crisis, where thousands of people are agonizing about their homes, their income, their loans, I realize that every benefit, even legitimate, causes outrage. “I am also aware that my financial situation ... has reinforced people’s indignation.” Antonopoulou, an economist, had taken a leave of absence from her role as director of the Gender Equality and the Economy program at the Levy Economics Institute of Bard College, New York, according to the think tank’s website. ($1 = 0.8125 euros) 
968166901405843458	2018-02-26 16:52:31	https://t.co/ewaCtOiioR	Botswana blames Congo's humanitarian crisis on Kabila https://t.co/ewaCtOiioR	 GOMA, Democratic Republic of Congo (Reuters) - Botswana blamed Congolese President Joseph Kabila on Monday for his country’s humanitarian and security crisis, in the sharpest criticism yet from an African government of his refusal to step down. Western powers have repeatedly criticized Kabila whose mandate expired in December 2016, but African countries have trodden more gently, urging progress toward long-delayed elections but avoiding direct condemnations of Kabila. Congo emerged in 2003 from a five-year war that killed millions, most from hunger and disease, and the current political crisis has contributed to a surge of conflict that has forced millions to flee their homes. At least 22 people, including 15 civilians, were killed in the past two days in inter-ethnic clashes in eastern Congo’s North Kivu province, a local official said. “We continue to witness a worsening humanitarian situation in that country mainly because its leader has persistently delayed the holding of elections, and has lost control over the security of his country,” Botswana’s Ministry of International Affairs said in a statement. Congo’s foreign minister, Leonard She Okitundu, declined to comment. Botswana’s statement comes after the resignation of Kabila’s close ally Jacob Zuma as South African president added to uncertainty about his standing among key African states. Kabila is facing mounting pressure in the streets to organize prompt elections. Security forces killed at least two people at a church-led march on Sunday. More than a dozen protesters have been killed since December. Police said on Monday that an officer had been arrested for violating orders by firing a rubber bullet at a protester from too close a range - less than 20 meters (yards), killing him. However, a doctor at the hospital where the man, pro-democracy activist Rossy Mukendi, died on Sunday, told Reuters he had been hit in the heart by a bullet that had entered and exited his body. The statement by Botswana, one of Africa’s most stable democracies, urged“the international community to put more pressure on the leadership in the Democratic Republic of Congo to relinquish power and pave way for the ushering in of a new political dispensation”. Kabila denies he is trying to cling to power but has refused to publicly rule out trying to change the constitution to remove term limits that prevent him from running for re-election, as the presidents of neighboring Congo Republic and Rwanda have done. Congo’s political turmoil has emboldened the dozens of militia groups that operate in its mineral-rich eastern borderlands. Fifteen civilians and seven militiamen were killed in two separate attacks on Sunday and Monday by the Hutu-dominated Nyatura militia, local administrator Hope Sabini told Reuters. The Nyatura fighters were going after a Nande-dominated militia called Mai Mai Mazembe in the villages of Kalusi and Bwalanda, Sabini said. 
968165513670033409	2018-02-26 16:47:00	https://t.co/bcMZiIDvHd	U.S. Supreme Court weighs Microsoft overseas data fight https://t.co/bcMZiIDvHd https://t.co/Z19wtbBjUV	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A major privacy rights fight between Microsoft Corp and the Justice Department reaches the Supreme Court this week, with the justices considering whether U.S. law allows prosecutors to compel technology companies to hand over data stored overseas. The nine justices will hear arguments on Tuesday in a case that pits the interests of tech companies and privacy advocates in safeguarding customer data against the demands of law enforcement in obtaining information crucial to criminal and counterterrorism investigations. The case began with a 2013 warrant obtained by prosecutors for emails of a suspect in a drug trafficking investigation that were stored in Microsoft computer servers in Dublin. The company challenged whether a domestic warrant covered data stored abroad. The Justice Department said because Microsoft is based in the United States, prosecutors were entitled to the data. The case is being closely watched by other countries wrestling with similar concerns, including members of the European Union. A ruling is due by the end of June. A 2016 decision by the New York-based 2nd U.S. Court of Appeals siding with Microsoft marked a victory for tech firms that increasingly offer cloud computing services in which data is stored remotely. President Donald Trump’s administration appealed that ruling to the Supreme Court. Globally dominant American tech companies have expressed concern that customers will go elsewhere if they think the U.S. government’s reach extends to data centers all around the world without changes being made to the law. Microsoft, which has 100 data centers in 40 countries, was the first American company to challenge a domestic search warrant seeking data held outside the United States. Brad Smith, Microsoft’s president and chief legal officer, told reporters last week the U.S. government should not be able to act unilaterally to access such data without taking into account the laws and interests of other countries. “It’s more likely to be a recipe for international tension and chaos,” Smith said. Solicitor General Noel Francisco, the administration’s top lawyer in Supreme Court cases, said in court papers that a ruling for Microsoft“would hamper domestic law enforcement and counterterrorism efforts.” If the Supreme Court were to rule in favor of Microsoft, the government could still gain access data held overseas, but the process would be more cumbersome and potentially take longer. Lawmakers are considering making changes to the 1986 law. Bipartisan legislation has been introduced in Congress to update the statute, a move backed by both Microsoft and the administration. The measure would let U.S. judges issue warrants while giving companies an avenue to object if the request conflicts with foreign law. If Congress were to pass the bill before the Supreme Court rules, the case would likely become moot. Though Microsoft is based in the United States - Redmond, Washington, to be precise - the appeals court said the emails were beyond the reach of domestic search warrants obtained under a 1986 U.S. law called the Stored Communications Act. The Microsoft customer whose emails were sought told the company he was based in Ireland when he signed up for his account. Other companies including IBM Corp, Amazon.com Inc, Apple Inc, Verizon Communications Inc and Alphabet Inc’s Google filed court papers backing Microsoft. Google has mounted challenges similar to Microsoft’s. The administration has the support of 35 states led by Vermont who say they routinely seek access to data stored overseas, especially in cases involving child pornography. Several foreign governments, including Ireland and Britain, filed court papers raising concerns about the U.S. government’s position. Ireland’s government said in its brief that the question of how law enforcement authorities can access such information is already covered by a 2001 treaty with the United States that allows for information sharing and enforcement of court orders. The treaty’s procedures“represent the most appropriate means to address requests such as those which are the object of the warrant in question,” Ireland’s brief said. The European Commission, representing the 28-country European Union, filed a brief saying that when a country is seeking data from outside its jurisdiction“the interests and laws of that foreign jurisdiction must be taken into account.” The Supreme Court has ruled twice in recent years in major cases concerning how criminal law applies to new technology, both times ruling against law enforcement. In 2012, the court held that a warrant is required to place a GPS tracking device on a vehicle. In 2014, the court ruled that police need a warrant to search a cellphone seized during an arrest. In the court’s current term, which ends in June, the justices are due to rule on another privacy issue on whether police need search warrants to access cellphone location information held by wireless carriers. Based on the Nov. 29 oral argument, the justices appear likely to rule against law enforcement again. 
968164030992060416	2018-02-26 16:41:07	https://t.co/FgGydu6dij	From the #MWC18 in Barcelona:- Samsung launches #GalaxyS9 https://t.co/FgGydu6dij - Nokia phones look to the fut… https://t.co/0kMc6kE5XK	 BARCELONA/SEOUL (Reuters) - Samsung Electronics Co Ltd unveiled its flagship Galaxy S9 smartphone on Sunday with an emphasis on visual applications for social media, hoping to attract tech savvy young consumers to weather a market slowdown. With the global smartphone market set to stay flat or even shrink after meager growth of one percent last year, vendors are focusing on features designed to encourage consumers to ditch their old phones earlier than they would have previously. Samsung launched the S9 at the mobile gadget fair in Barcelona, attracting thousands of reporters to see how the world’s biggest smartphone maker could innovate in a category in which the big players are technologically closer than ever. DJ Koh, Samsung’s president of IT and mobile communications, said the most important function of a phone today was“visual communication”, and the Galaxy S9 had been designed for the visual and social generation. It features improved cameras, an artificial intelligence-powered voice tool, and social media functions that are easier to deploy than previous offerings. New features include an automatic super-slow motion camera setting that looks primed to show up on Instagram feeds soon, and software that turns selfies into instant emojis. Analyst Ben Wood from CCS Insight said the S9 and larger screened S9 Plus were all about incremental gains over the S8. “The S9 underlines the dilemma all leading smartphone makers are facing. Innovation in smartphones has plateaued and now it is all about marginal gains be that screen technology, camera features and processing power,” he said. “This is potentially a tough sell for Samsung but the real goal of the S9 is making an already good product even better as Samsung takes the fight to Apple,” he said. Huawei Technologies Co Ltd [HWT.UL], Samsung’s Chinese rival which ranked third globally in sales last year, launched a notebook PC and two Android tablets earlier on Sunday. It is launching its new flagship in Paris next month. “With the absence of any flagship smartphone announcement from any of its major competitors, Samsung had a great marketing window of opportunity to claim leadership in the high-end smartphone market, coming back in the race with Apple’s iPhone X,” said Forrester analyst Thomas Husson. But he expected Huawei to launch a highly competitive new smartphone differentiated by the use of more advanced Artificial Intelligence technologies and more aggressive pricing. “To truly lead the space, I continue to believe Samsung must accelerate its transition toward more content, services, software innovation and partnerships,” he said. Samsung’s AI-powered Bixby service allows S9 users to point its camera to translate a foreign-language sign, without having to swipe through menus or choose settings every time. Samsung also plans to boost smartphone accessories such as wireless chargers and mobile docking station that allows smartphone features on desktop, a senior Samsung executive said. Younghee Lee, head of Samsung’s Marketing for the Mobile Business, declined to provide a sales forecast for the S9. Research firm Counterpoint forecasts it will sell 43 million sets in 2018, 23 percent more than the 35 million S8 models shipped last year. Global smartphone sales saw an unprecedented decline of 9 percent in the fourth quarter, averaging 2017 growth to just 1 percent, a far cry from growth of about 40 percent between 2011 and 2015, according to research provider Strategy Analytics. While Samsung kept its supremacy over Apple Inc with about 21 percent of market share, Counterpoint says, it faces tough competition after it lost ground in markets such as India, China and Western Europe in the fourth quarter. Chinese rivals such as Huawei and Xiaomi Inc are making major inroads in these markets, aided by strong sales of affordable products that boast many high-end features and sturdy design. Lee said Samsung’s huge scale and its“agility to listen and learn” ensured it would continue to grow in China and India. The two versions of the Galaxy S9 have 6.2-inch (15.8 cm) and 5.8-inch wrap-around screens, and will go on sale on March 16 in most countries. 
968162016828559361	2018-02-26 16:33:07	https://t.co/SBiPVJbXKe	Nokia is bringing back of one of its biggest hits of the 1990s: the 8110 'slider' phone https://t.co/SBiPVJbXKe #MWC18	 BARCELONA (Reuters) - Sweden’s Ericsson, the world’s No.2 maker of mobile network equipment, said on Monday the company had signed a Memorandum Of Understanding (MoU) with world’s biggest network operator, China Mobile, over the weekend. Ericsson Chief Executive Börje Ekholm told a press conference at the opening of Mobile World Congress that the new pact with China Mobile covers Internet of Things testing and field trials, with a focus on factory automation. Ekholm said the company has several contracts with network operators for commercial deployment of next generation 5G networks starting later in 2018. He declined to provide further details. Further company coverage: [ERICb.ST] [0941.HK] 
968161305843716096	2018-02-26 16:30:17	https://t.co/9nrRGbOdhW	Buffett sets big goals for CEO of Bezos-Dimon health venture https://t.co/9nrRGbOdhW https://t.co/1bek4blqN6	 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Warren Buffett on Monday said the healthcare company being set up by Berkshire Hathaway Inc (BRKa.N), Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) and JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) will within a year have a new chief executive officer, and set an aggressive goal to cut costs. Speaking on CNBC television, Buffett said“we can’t afford to make a mistake” in finding the right CEO to help combat spiraling healthcare costs that now account for close to 18 percent of U.S. gross domestic product, or $10,000 per person. Buffett said it would not be difficult to“shave” off 3 or 4 percentage points, contrasting the situation to 1960, when he said healthcare costs accounted for just 5 percent of GDP, or $170 per person. “We are at a huge competitive disadvantage in American business” relative to other industrialized countries because of the costs, Buffett said.“The question is whether we can come up with something better. I’m hopeful, but don’t expect any miracles.” Berkshire, Amazon and JPMorgan last month said they would start a healthcare venture for their workers. While few details were provided, shares of several insurers and pharmacy benefits managers fell on the news because investors worried how the venture might disrupt the industry. Buffett said that in starting the venture,“we have the perfect partnership” with JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon and Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos. Todd Combs, an investment manager for Buffett and a JPMorgan, will spearhead Berkshire’s involvement. The interview occurred two days after Buffett released his shorter-than-usual annual letter to Berkshire shareholders, which had little discussion about the company’s investments. One is Wells Fargo & Co (WFC.N), the third-largest U.S. bank, which was surprisingly ordered this month by the Federal Reserve to curb asset growth while it tries to rebound from scandals over how it treated customers. Buffett, whose Omaha, Nebraska-based conglomerate owns nearly 10 percent of Wells Fargo, on Monday said“I have confidence in Tim Sloan,” the bank’s CEO. He likened the situation to 1991, when Buffett was installed as chairman of Salomon Brothers Inc amid a bond trading scandal that nearly landed that company in bankruptcy. “Digging your way out of it takes time,” Buffett said. “He’s got a lot to clean up.” Buffett also discussed other means to deploy Berkshire’s $116 billion cash stake, after saying in the letter he desired one or more“huge” acquisitions of non-insurance businesses. He said he would be“more inclined” to buy back stock than pay dividends, and might raise the repurchase threshold from 1.2 times book value. Berkshire’s stock traded at roughly 1.44 times book value based on Friday’s market close. “I am fairly confident we will find ways to deploy” excess cash, Buffett said.“The best chance to deploy money is when things are going down.” Also helping Berkshire will be the recent cut in the U.S. corporate income tax rate, which gave Berkshire a one-time $29.11 billion net income boost by reducing its potential tax bill on stocks it owns. The cut is a“huge tailwind” for U.S. companies and is“really good for Berkshire,” Buffett said. Buffett also said that while stocks remained a better bet than bonds over the long-term, it remained“crazy” for ordinary investors to use margin, or borrowed cash, to load up on stocks. He said investors might get a“euphoric surge” if they double their money in stocks, but would not be“happier.” 
968157500817145857	2018-02-26 16:15:10	https://t.co/mVD1GuDOoj	Merkel's CDU votes in favor of coalition deal with center-left SPD https://t.co/mVD1GuDOoj	 BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel’s conservatives on Monday approved a coalition deal with the Social Democrats (SPD), bringing closer a fourth term for her as well as an end to political limbo in Europe’s preeminent power. The more formidable hurdle to ending a five-month political impasse comes next week, however. On March 4, results of a binding postal vote by members of the center-left SPD will be announced and they are far less certain. “Now I can only say to the SPD that I hope many members feel the same responsibility for giving Germany a good government,” Merkel said in an interview with broadcaster RTL.“I think we can achieve a lot together for Germany and its people.” The vote at a CDU congress followed Merkel’s announcement of her picks for a new, younger cabinet intended to revive the party, which has been riven by disagreements over how to respond to the Alternative for Germany (AfD) since losing votes to the far-right party in national elections in September. The CDU’s youth wing has called for the party to renew itself in the wake of its worst election result since 1949 in September and Merkel, 63, stressed in her speech to delegates at the CDU gathering that younger faces were in the new team. Earlier, she reassured CDU delegates that the new German government, which will steer Europe’s largest economy, would not take out any new debt, would avoid tax increases and would seek to renew the European Union. Monday’s vote came as a poll showed support for both Merkel’s conservative bloc - which also includes the Bavarian Christian Social Union (CSU) - and the SPD rising. Delegates cast aside whatever doubts they may have had in Merkel by voting overwhelmingly to appoint a centrist candidate she had hand-picked as the CDU’s new secretary-general. Promising to lead a centrist mass party, Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer, 55, dubbed“mini-Merkel” by some media, won the backing of more than 98 percent of delegates after making a pitch that opposed demands from Merkel’s critics for the party to move right to recapture votes lost to the nationalist right. Her Catholic, western German background contrasts with Merkel’s Protestant, eastern roots. While socially conservative and known for opposing gay marriage, Kramp-Karrenbauer is also a strong supporter of the minimum wage and workers’ rights. “I’m glad that there’s strong support for the coalition agreement, and that we now have a general secretary who got a super result,” Merkel said after the vote.“The work can begin.” Apart from pledges on tax and debt, Merkel also committed the new government to ensuring fast internet is available everywhere in Germany by 2025, raising research spending, creating 8,000 nursing jobs and taking a“zero tolerance” policy on security. Merkel said conservatives secured wins in coalition talks with the SPD, including preventing what she called the“aberration” of a single healthcare system that the SPD had demanded to replace the current dual public-private system. She disappointed many conservatives, however, by agreeing to give the SPD the powerful finance ministry. She said it was a“painful” loss but added it was right not to let negotiations collapse over cabinet portfolios rather than policy substance. She also underscored the importance of the economy ministry - which the CDU will retake after years in SPD hands. After 12 years as chancellor and almost 18 years in charge of her party, Merkel’s authority is waning and on Sunday, she responded to growing calls for new blood at the top of the CDU.. Her efforts to forge a coalition with two smaller parties collapsed in November. That forced her to woo back the SPD, which was the coalition partner in her 2013-2017 government but reluctant to repeat the experience after seeing its own support dwindle to its lowest since World War Two. If SPD members vote“no” in their ballot, the most likely outcome is a new election or possibly a minority government. Experts say a snap election could result in further gains for the anti-immigration AfD, which entered parliament for the first time in September. Some analysts said the prospect of a new election would spur SPD members into voting“yes”, so as to prevent a further deterioration in support for their party. A Forsa poll on Monday showed the SPD up two points from a week ago, at 18 percent, while the CDU/CSU edged up one point to 35 percent. The AfD remained the third strongest party with 13 percent. Forsa researcher Manfred Guellner said the grumbling in both camps had abated since Merkel proposed Kramp-Karrenbauer for CDU general secretary and former SPD leader Martin Schulz decided against joining a Merkel-led cabinet as foreign minister. 
968153854272524289	2018-02-26 16:00:40	https://t.co/8oaJP8TKm2	New U.S. sanctions aim to block Libyan oil smuggling: statement https://t.co/8oaJP8TKm2	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States has issued a new round of sanctions targeting oil smugglers in Libya aimed at blocking exploitation of natural resources that is driving instability, the U.S. Treasury Department said on Monday. In a statement, Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) said it was sanctioning six people, 24 companies and seven vessels in a move that prohibits Americans from engaging with those targeted and freezes any related property under U.S. jurisdictions. The sanctions target people from Libya, Malta and Egypt, according to the statement. Issued under the authority of a 2016 executive order by then U.S. President Barack Obama, companies based in Italy, Libya and Malta are also targets, the statement said. The United Nations Security Council has condemned illicit exploitation of oil from Libya, which has been mired in conflict since an uprising in 2011 that overthrew Muammar Gaddafi, who led the country for more than 40 years. “Oil smuggling undermines Libya’s sovereignty, fuels the black market and contributes to further instability in the region while robbing the population of resources that are rightly theirs,” OFAC’s statement said. Libya’s oil production has steadied but is still well below the 1.6 million barrels per day it was pumping before the insurgency seven years ago and is suffering from theft, abduction and other security threats. Production from at least one Libyan oil field has also been disrupted by a dispute over security guards’ pay. (Corrects to Gaddafi led Libya for more than 40 years instead of 30 years, paragraph 4) 
968151601063104512	2018-02-26 15:51:43	https://t.co/LyvZfRbzmD	Brazil defense minister to take over public security post https://t.co/LyvZfRbzmD	 BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazilian Defense Minister Raul Jungmann will become the head of the new Ministry of Public Security that will coordinate efforts between all levels of government to try to curb escalating violence across Brazil, the government announced Monday. Jungmann was the top government official involved in the negotiation of a joint venture between Boeing Co and Brazilian planemaker Embraer that is still pending a green light from the country’s president. Army Reserve General Joaquim Silva e Luna will temporarily take over as the head of the Defense Ministry, a presidential spokesman said. Boeing has sought Brazilian government approval of the partnership with Embraer that would create a new company focused on commercial aviation, excluding Embraer’s defense unit, Reuters reported three weeks ago. Jungmann was due to make a recommendation to President Michel Temer on the tie-up following Brazil’s rejection of a Boeing plan to buy Embraer. He will hand over that role to Luna, who has been briefed on the Boeing-Embraer talks, a government official said. The official requested anonymity because he was not authorized to speak about the matter. Temer is expected to issue a decree on Tuesday creating the Ministry of Public Security, which will take over the running of Brazil’s federal police and other law enforcement agencies from the Ministry of Justice. Last month, the federal government ordered the army to take over command of police forces in Rio de Janeiro state as authorities try to control violence and crime driven by heavily armed drug gangs that control many of the metropolitan area’s slums. 
968150487731228673	2018-02-26 15:47:18	https://t.co/OIhDVthggG	Hand grenade thrown at Greek police station, one man injured https://t.co/OIhDVthggG	 ATHENS (Reuters) - Attackers threw a hand grenade at a Greek police station on Monday morning, injuring a bystander, police officials said. The grenade was thrown about 50 meters away from a police station in an Athens suburb during heavy rain and was not immediately noticed by police, one of the officials said. Authorities started investigating after a taxi driver reported the incident. He had pulled over to fix his vehicle, heard a“pop” and saw wounds on his feet that he initially thought had been caused by fragments of a faulty headlight which exploded, police said. A few hours later, a group that did not identify itself uploaded a brief statement on a website often used by anarchist, anti-establishment and leftist activists saying it had thrown the grenade in the area. Police said they were investigating the claim of responsibility. The windows and doors of some cars parked near the police station were also damaged by hand grenade fragments, another police official said. Small-scale attacks on businesses, state buildings, police and politicians are frequent in Greece, which is has a long history of political violence and is emerging from a debt crisis that has forced it to slash wages and pensions. The group said that Monday’s act was in support of a 29-year old man in detention, suspected of involvement in a booby-trapped parcel attack that injured former prime minister Lucas Papademos last year. 
968149683427307521	2018-02-26 15:44:06	https://t.co/nFPUYs8faO	Samsung targets young users with Galaxy S9 to weather a global market slowdown https://t.co/nFPUYs8faO #MWC18 https://t.co/Izr2hKwgeA	 BARCELONA/SEOUL (Reuters) - Samsung Electronics Co Ltd unveiled its flagship Galaxy S9 smartphone on Sunday with an emphasis on visual applications for social media, hoping to attract tech savvy young consumers to weather a market slowdown. With the global smartphone market set to stay flat or even shrink after meager growth of one percent last year, vendors are focusing on features designed to encourage consumers to ditch their old phones earlier than they would have previously. Samsung launched the S9 at the mobile gadget fair in Barcelona, attracting thousands of reporters to see how the world’s biggest smartphone maker could innovate in a category in which the big players are technologically closer than ever. DJ Koh, Samsung’s president of IT and mobile communications, said the most important function of a phone today was“visual communication”, and the Galaxy S9 had been designed for the visual and social generation. It features improved cameras, an artificial intelligence-powered voice tool, and social media functions that are easier to deploy than previous offerings. New features include an automatic super-slow motion camera setting that looks primed to show up on Instagram feeds soon, and software that turns selfies into instant emojis. Analyst Ben Wood from CCS Insight said the S9 and larger screened S9 Plus were all about incremental gains over the S8. “The S9 underlines the dilemma all leading smartphone makers are facing. Innovation in smartphones has plateaued and now it is all about marginal gains be that screen technology, camera features and processing power,” he said. “This is potentially a tough sell for Samsung but the real goal of the S9 is making an already good product even better as Samsung takes the fight to Apple,” he said. Huawei Technologies Co Ltd [HWT.UL], Samsung’s Chinese rival which ranked third globally in sales last year, launched a notebook PC and two Android tablets earlier on Sunday. It is launching its new flagship in Paris next month. “With the absence of any flagship smartphone announcement from any of its major competitors, Samsung had a great marketing window of opportunity to claim leadership in the high-end smartphone market, coming back in the race with Apple’s iPhone X,” said Forrester analyst Thomas Husson. But he expected Huawei to launch a highly competitive new smartphone differentiated by the use of more advanced Artificial Intelligence technologies and more aggressive pricing. “To truly lead the space, I continue to believe Samsung must accelerate its transition toward more content, services, software innovation and partnerships,” he said. Samsung’s AI-powered Bixby service allows S9 users to point its camera to translate a foreign-language sign, without having to swipe through menus or choose settings every time. Samsung also plans to boost smartphone accessories such as wireless chargers and mobile docking station that allows smartphone features on desktop, a senior Samsung executive said. Younghee Lee, head of Samsung’s Marketing for the Mobile Business, declined to provide a sales forecast for the S9. Research firm Counterpoint forecasts it will sell 43 million sets in 2018, 23 percent more than the 35 million S8 models shipped last year. Global smartphone sales saw an unprecedented decline of 9 percent in the fourth quarter, averaging 2017 growth to just 1 percent, a far cry from growth of about 40 percent between 2011 and 2015, according to research provider Strategy Analytics. While Samsung kept its supremacy over Apple Inc with about 21 percent of market share, Counterpoint says, it faces tough competition after it lost ground in markets such as India, China and Western Europe in the fourth quarter. Chinese rivals such as Huawei and Xiaomi Inc are making major inroads in these markets, aided by strong sales of affordable products that boast many high-end features and sturdy design. Lee said Samsung’s huge scale and its“agility to listen and learn” ensured it would continue to grow in China and India. The two versions of the Galaxy S9 have 6.2-inch (15.8 cm) and 5.8-inch wrap-around screens, and will go on sale on March 16 in most countries. 
968149193536794625	2018-02-26 15:42:09	https://t.co/HeMTpsuXV6	Russia orders five-hour daily truce in Syria's eastern Ghouta https://t.co/HeMTpsuXV6	 BEIRUT/MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia said on Monday it would establish an evacuation corridor and implement a five-hour daily truce to allow people to leave Syria’s eastern Ghouta, after a U.N. Security Council resolution demanding a 30-day ceasefire across the entire country. It appeared to make no mention, however, of allowing relief supplies to enter the territory, where 400,000 people are living under siege and bombardment. Over the past week, Syria’s army and its allies have subjected the rebel-held enclave near Damascus to one of the heaviest bombardments of the seven-year war, killing hundreds. On Sunday, health authorities there said several people had symptoms consistent with chlorine gas exposure. On Monday, rescue workers and a monitoring group said seven small children had been killed by air and artillery strikes in one town. “Eastern Ghouta cannot wait, it is high time to stop this hell on earth,” U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres told the U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva, calling for implementation of the ceasefire. Fighting has raged across Syria since Saturday’s resolution, as Turkey presses its offensive against a Kurdish militia in Afrin, rival rebel groups fight each other in Idlib and a U.S.-led coalition targets Islamic State in the east.. Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu was cited by the RIA news agency as saying President Vladimir Putin had ordered a ceasefire in eastern Ghouta from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. each day, and the creation of a“humanitarian corridor”. Major-General Yuri Yevtushenko, head of the Russian peace and reconciliation center in Syria, said the measures, decided in agreement with Syrian forces, were intended to help civilians leave and to evacuate the sick and wounded. RIA’s report of his remarks made no direct mention of letting relief supplies in, but quoted Yevtushenko accusing militants of“holding hundreds hostage, including women and children, and victimizing residents, refusing to allow them to leave”. The International Committee of the Red Cross in Geneva said it welcomed any measure that allowed“those who wish to leave to do so, of their free will”, as well as medical evacuations. But spokeswoman Iolanda Jaquemet said much more was required:“The need remains for humanitarian convoys to move in with vital supplies: medicines, medical supplies, food, material to purify the water. This is a place with up to 400,000 people and humanitarian needs are huge.” Linda Tom, a U.N. humanitarian spokeswoman in Damascus, called for the Council resolution to be fully implemented“so that the U.N. and its partners can deliver humanitarian assistance to those in need, particularly to those in eastern Ghouta”. She said at least 30 people had been killed in Ghouta in the previous 48 hours. Russia, along with Iran and Shi’ite militias, is a major backer of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and it joined the war on his side in 2015, helping him claw back important areas. Mohamad Alloush, political chief of one of eastern Ghouta’s biggest rebel factions, said the Syrian army and its allies had launched“a sweeping ground assault” after the U.N. resolution. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said allegations that the Syrian government was responsible for any chemical attack were aimed at sabotaging the truce. The Syrian government has consistently denied using chemical weapons in the war, which will soon enter its eighth year having killed hundreds of thousands of people and forced half of Syria’s pre-war population of about 23 million from their homes. A picture issued by Civil Defence rescue workers, which Reuters could not independently verify, showed seven small bodies lying beside each other, wrapped in white and blue sheets, after air and artillery strikes on the town of Douma in eastern Ghouta. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a UK-based monitoring group, said four of them were among a single family of nine killed by an air strike. The other three were among seven killed by shelling in the same town, it said. The bombardment of eastern Ghouta over the past week has been one of the heaviest of the war, killing at least 556 people in eight days, according to the Syrian Observatory. It said the intensity of the bombardment had diminished since the U.N. resolution, but that 21 people had been killed in eastern Ghouta on Monday. Rebel shelling has caused 36 deaths and a number of injuries in Damascus and nearby rural areas in the last four days, Zaher Hajjo, a government health official, told Reuters. The deputy director general of the World Health Organisation, Peter Salama, said the WHO urgently needed to evacuate 750 medical cases from eastern Ghouta, as well as“sustained access for medical equipment and for medical drugs and commodities”. In eastern Ghouta, people were using the relative lull to find provisions, said Moayad Hafi, a rescue worker based there. “Civilians rushed from their shelters to get food and return quickly since the warplanes are still in the sky and can hit at any moment,” he told Reuters in a voice message. Lavrov said the ceasefire would not cover either the Ahrar al-Sham or the Jaish al-Islam factions, describing them as partners of the former al Qaeda affiliate the Nusra Front. The two major rebel factions in eastern Ghouta are Jaish al-Islam and Failaq al-Rahman. Tahrir al-Sham, an alliance of jihadists including Nusra, also has a small presence there. In Idlib, Ahrar al-Sham and Tahrir al-Sham have been fighting each other in recent days, rather than cooperating. Syrian state television reported that army units had advanced against militants near Harasta in eastern Ghouta. The state news agency SANA also reported that the army had stopped a car bomb being driven into Damascus. The Nusra Front has consistently been excluded from ceasefires in Syria, and the opposition says the government has used this as an excuse to keep up its bombardments. 
968149193457065986	2018-02-26 15:42:09	https://t.co/7b8pTx2clr	U.S. issues sanctions under Libya-related executive order https://t.co/7b8pTx2clr	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States has issued a new round of sanctions targeting oil smugglers in Libya aimed at blocking exploitation of natural resources that is driving instability, the U.S. Treasury Department said on Monday. In a statement, Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) said it was sanctioning six people, 24 companies and seven vessels in a move that prohibits Americans from engaging with those targeted and freezes any related property under U.S. jurisdictions. The sanctions target people from Libya, Malta and Egypt, according to the statement. Issued under the authority of a 2016 executive order by then U.S. President Barack Obama, companies based in Italy, Libya and Malta are also targets, the statement said. The United Nations Security Council has condemned illicit exploitation of oil from Libya, which has been mired in conflict since an uprising in 2011 that overthrew Muammar Gaddafi, who led the country for more than 40 years. “Oil smuggling undermines Libya’s sovereignty, fuels the black market and contributes to further instability in the region while robbing the population of resources that are rightly theirs,” OFAC’s statement said. Libya’s oil production has steadied but is still well below the 1.6 million barrels per day it was pumping before the insurgency seven years ago and is suffering from theft, abduction and other security threats. Production from at least one Libyan oil field has also been disrupted by a dispute over security guards’ pay. (Corrects to Gaddafi led Libya for more than 40 years instead of 30 years, paragraph 4) 
968138885015523330	2018-02-26 15:01:11	https://t.co/Ym81jYW8fn	Philippines' Duterte defends 'sarcastic' remark on shooting women in genitals https://t.co/Ym81jYW8fn	 MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte on Monday defended what he called sarcastic remarks about shooting female fighters in the genitals, saying he would make them again. Duterte, known for his often profane or obscene language, expressed anger toward what he called “amazons” who had left their children to join the New People’s Army (NPA), the armed wing of the Communist Party of the Philippines. “I said, you crazy (women) ... I will order that your vagina be shot,” he said in the local language in a speech in his home town, Davao City. “That’s true. That was a sort of sarcasm.” Duterte was criticized by women’s and human rights groups after first using the phrase on Feb. 7, addressing a group of former rebels and recalling an order he said he had given to troops when he was mayor of Davao City. Duterte’s remarks, including jokes about rape, have often incensed activists, but have not dented his support base. Many Filipinos view his earthy language as part of his appeal. On Monday, he said another batch of former rebels would soon visit the presidential palace: “I will tell them the same. Go ahead, have children, and then leave them. Join the NPA.” After the Feb. 7 remarks, Duterte’s spokesman Harry Roque had said he should be taken seriously, but not literally. Duterte was angry that communist insurgents had betrayed his trust and caused a peace process with the government to collapse, according to Roque. He has now terminated intermittent peace talks with the Maoist-led rebels and considers them terrorists because hostilities continued during negotiations. 
968137616863518726	2018-02-26 14:56:09	https://t.co/EB5x0lWlcG	Merkel's CDU votes in favour of coalition deal with center-left SPD https://t.co/EB5x0lWlcG	 BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel’s conservatives on Monday approved a coalition deal with the Social Democrats (SPD), bringing closer a fourth term for her as well as an end to political limbo in Europe’s preeminent power. The more formidable hurdle to ending a five-month political impasse comes next week, however. On March 4, results of a binding postal vote by members of the center-left SPD will be announced and they are far less certain. “Now I can only say to the SPD that I hope many members feel the same responsibility for giving Germany a good government,” Merkel said in an interview with broadcaster RTL.“I think we can achieve a lot together for Germany and its people.” The vote at a CDU congress followed Merkel’s announcement of her picks for a new, younger cabinet intended to revive the party, which has been riven by disagreements over how to respond to the Alternative for Germany (AfD) since losing votes to the far-right party in national elections in September. The CDU’s youth wing has called for the party to renew itself in the wake of its worst election result since 1949 in September and Merkel, 63, stressed in her speech to delegates at the CDU gathering that younger faces were in the new team. Earlier, she reassured CDU delegates that the new German government, which will steer Europe’s largest economy, would not take out any new debt, would avoid tax increases and would seek to renew the European Union. Monday’s vote came as a poll showed support for both Merkel’s conservative bloc - which also includes the Bavarian Christian Social Union (CSU) - and the SPD rising. Delegates cast aside whatever doubts they may have had in Merkel by voting overwhelmingly to appoint a centrist candidate she had hand-picked as the CDU’s new secretary-general. Promising to lead a centrist mass party, Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer, 55, dubbed“mini-Merkel” by some media, won the backing of more than 98 percent of delegates after making a pitch that opposed demands from Merkel’s critics for the party to move right to recapture votes lost to the nationalist right. Her Catholic, western German background contrasts with Merkel’s Protestant, eastern roots. While socially conservative and known for opposing gay marriage, Kramp-Karrenbauer is also a strong supporter of the minimum wage and workers’ rights. “I’m glad that there’s strong support for the coalition agreement, and that we now have a general secretary who got a super result,” Merkel said after the vote.“The work can begin.” Apart from pledges on tax and debt, Merkel also committed the new government to ensuring fast internet is available everywhere in Germany by 2025, raising research spending, creating 8,000 nursing jobs and taking a“zero tolerance” policy on security. Merkel said conservatives secured wins in coalition talks with the SPD, including preventing what she called the“aberration” of a single healthcare system that the SPD had demanded to replace the current dual public-private system. She disappointed many conservatives, however, by agreeing to give the SPD the powerful finance ministry. She said it was a“painful” loss but added it was right not to let negotiations collapse over cabinet portfolios rather than policy substance. She also underscored the importance of the economy ministry - which the CDU will retake after years in SPD hands. After 12 years as chancellor and almost 18 years in charge of her party, Merkel’s authority is waning and on Sunday, she responded to growing calls for new blood at the top of the CDU.. Her efforts to forge a coalition with two smaller parties collapsed in November. That forced her to woo back the SPD, which was the coalition partner in her 2013-2017 government but reluctant to repeat the experience after seeing its own support dwindle to its lowest since World War Two. If SPD members vote“no” in their ballot, the most likely outcome is a new election or possibly a minority government. Experts say a snap election could result in further gains for the anti-immigration AfD, which entered parliament for the first time in September. Some analysts said the prospect of a new election would spur SPD members into voting“yes”, so as to prevent a further deterioration in support for their party. A Forsa poll on Monday showed the SPD up two points from a week ago, at 18 percent, while the CDU/CSU edged up one point to 35 percent. The AfD remained the third strongest party with 13 percent. Forsa researcher Manfred Guellner said the grumbling in both camps had abated since Merkel proposed Kramp-Karrenbauer for CDU general secretary and former SPD leader Martin Schulz decided against joining a Merkel-led cabinet as foreign minister. 
968135020132163584	2018-02-26 14:45:50	https://t.co/7p6nBpJ9ad	Poland considers educating refugee children apart from public schools https://t.co/7p6nBpJ9ad	 WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland could start educating children of refugees at the centers where they live rather than in public schools under a plan the government says will help all students but a newspaper said it would create educational ghettos. Children who live in refugee centers attend local public schools but under the plan announced on the interior ministry’s website local governments could decide whether to maintain the status quo or send teachers to conduct classes in refugee centers. The plan is consistent with policies outlined by the nationalist ruling party, Law and Justice (PiS), which has refused to accept a quota of refugees relocated from other European Union countries despite pressure from Brussels. The party ran its 2015 election campaign partly on its opposition to accepting refugees from Muslim countries and at the time PiS head Jaroslaw Kaczynski, who has no formal role in government, said refugees could spread disease and parasites. There are 1,450 people in Polish refugee centers and 890 are children, according to the spokesman for the Office for Foreigners, Jakub Dudziak. Most people applying for international protection in Poland are from the Russian republic of Chechnya, he said. Islam is the republic’s main religion. “Some foreign children do not learn despite attending school because they have educational gaps compared to their Polish peer and so struggle to catch up with school material,” said the proposal. “These factors may have a negative and demotivating effect not only on foreign children, who are reluctant to go to school, but also on Polish children,” it said. Critics say PiS has stoked popular hostility towards foreigners for electoral reasons ahead of local elections this year and a general election next year. The ruling party has 40 percent support, according to opinion polls. The migrant issue is just one of several over which Poland is at odds with the European Union. The government this month introduced a bill imposing jail terms of up to three years for anyone who says Poland was complicit in Nazi crimes. The government says the bill protects national honor but it has angered Israel and the United States. Polish newspaper Dziennik Gazeta Prawna called the school plan an“Educational ghetto for refugees” and quoted a leading educator Krystyna Starczewska who said the idea was horrific. The Helsinki Foundation for Human Rights told Reuters in an email:“Separation of both groups can make integration difficult.” The ministry said in a statement the proposal would be amended. Its aim:“is not to exclude the children of foreigners ... but only to provide support during the preparatory phase of education before children enter school.” The Dziennik Gazeta Prawna headline is“absurd and unfair”, it said. 
968125570688143360	2018-02-26 14:08:17	https://t.co/ts7LB1HK1Q	Brussels mayors order detention of homeless during cold snap https://t.co/ts7LB1HK1Q	 BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Homeless people sleeping in parts of Brussels will be detained overnight if they refuse shelter, to protect them from sub-zero temperatures this week. Temperatures in Brussels are set to fall to as low as -10 degrees Celsius (14 Fahrenheit) in the coming week, with strong winds adding a further chill factor. The mayor of Etterbeek, a Brussels neighborhood home to many European Union offices, said he had asked police to take all homeless people to shelters even if they were unwilling to go. “As a consequence, the mayor of Etterbeek has authorized, in case of absolute necessity, the detention of homeless people who are acting in a way that would endanger their safety by refusing shelter,” Etterbeek council said in a statement. The mayor of Brussels City, one of 19 councils that make up the greater Brussels region, said he had given similar orders to police and asked them to prioritize children sleeping outside. Campaign groups estimate that there are more than 3,000 homeless people in the Brussels region. 
968122246526009345	2018-02-26 13:55:05	https://t.co/zZEVDDJZ6n	Airbus, Delta, telecom companies form alliance for in-flight internet https://t.co/zZEVDDJZ6n https://t.co/hzEPeetLqL	 (Reuters) - European planemaker Airbus SE and U.S.-based Delta Air Lines Inc have formed an alliance with U.S. wireless carrier Sprint Corp, satellite startup OneWeb backed by Japan’s SoftBank, and India’s Bharti Airtel Ltd to develop in-flight 5G services, the companies said. The alliance, referred to as“Seamless Air Alliance,” aims to let mobile operators provide services to airline customers through satellite technology, the companies said in a statement. Financial terms of the arrangement were not disclosed. Sprint will be launching its 5G network next year, the company’s Chief Commercial Officer Dow Draper said on Monday. Delta said Gogo, its existing partner and in-flight connectivity provider, will also join the alliance. 
968119995459866624	2018-02-26 13:46:08	https://t.co/VSmhfspEIQ	Back from the dead, Hungary opposition renews bid to oust Orban https://t.co/VSmhfspEIQ	 BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Hungarian opposition parties said on Monday they will double down on their efforts to beat Prime Minister Viktor Orban at elections in April because of a shock defeat for his right-wing Fidesz party in a by-election on Sunday. The main leftist opposition party, the Socialists, said they would seek to work more closely with other parties but did not want a structured alliance with Jobbik, a former far-right party that is projecting a more moderate image. Instead, Jobbik should withdraw its candidates from constituencies where independent candidates stood a stronger chance, the Socialists’ candidate for prime minister, Gergely Karacsony, told a news conference. “Our task is to widen the alliance,” Karacsony said. Jobbik’s leader Gabor Vona said Sunday was a turning point.“This sends the message that Fidesz can be defeated in every part of the country,” he said in a video on Jobbik’s website. The green liberal LMP party last week started talks with the Socialists and Jobbik on putting forward single candidates in constituencies where each party was strongest, said party co-chairman Akos Hadhazy. “LMP is ready for compromise as long as our principles are upheld. The result (on Sunday) ... shows what we have held for a long time: only a credible candidate is worth our support,” he said. Orban, 54, is Hungary’s longest-serving premier since the collapse of Communism. He presents himself as a savior for Europe’s Christian nations and his party has an anti-immigration platform at odds with many of its European Union peers. Fidesz is on 32 percent ahead of the April 8 vote, with Jobbik on 11 and the Socialists on nine, according to a poll in February by the Zavech Research institute, which showed 34 percent of voters are undecided. But the race has been jolted by the by-election, in which an opposition-backed political novice easily beat the Fidesz candidate for mayor in Hodmezovasarhely, a rural Fidesz bastion. The city by the Serbian border is near a steel fence built to keep out migrants, a hallmark of Orban’s policy. “Our opposition has been dead and now has awakened,” Fidesz founding member Zsolt Bayer wrote in the pro-government Magyar Idok. He said it was Fidesz’s first serious defeat in a decade. “We have never won an election by accident, for luck or the weakness of others,” Orban said in a video on the website of the weekly HVG.“If we want to win, our community has to make twice or three times the effort than our opponents.” Orban has clashed with the European Commission over migration policy and over reforms to the judiciary and media, which his critics say put Hungary on an authoritarian path. Peter Kreko, director of think tank Political Capital, said Sunday sent a strong message to both the opposition and Fidesz. “This came in time for the opposition to cooperate if they want to ... and also came in time for Fidesz to tweak its campaign,” he said.“It showed that there is not only a mathematical, but also a political chance to beat Fidesz.” A broad opposition alliance could redraw the pre-election map in Hungary’s 106 constituencies, though it will be hard for the opposition to take advantage because it is fragmented, with leftist parties and Jobbik vying for supremacy. “The opposition ... is no longer playing an old game where it stands no chance of winning, but a new game starts where its situation is not hopeless, provided it pursues smart tactics,” political analyst Gabor Torok wrote on his blog. 
968119983988527105	2018-02-26 13:46:05	https://t.co/v5ynOS3cZ1	Exclusive: Saudi Arabia prepares to auction detained billionaire's real estate, cars - sources https://t.co/v5ynOS3cZ1	 DUBAI/KHOBAR, Saudi Arabia (Reuters) - Saudi authorities are preparing to auction billions of dollars of real estate and cars belonging to billionaire Maan al-Sanea and his company as they look to hasten an end to one of the kingdom’s longest-running debt disputes. The planned sale is the latest signal that Saudi Arabia is serious about holding its elites to account. In an anti-corruption crackdown last November, authorities detained scores of senior officials on charges of alleged graft. Most have been released after being exonerated or agreeing to give the state money, assets or real estate. The al-Sanea case is separate from the main anti-graft campaign. The businessman -– in 2007 he was ranked by Forbes as one of the world’s 100 richest people -– was detained by authorities late last year for unpaid debt dating back to 2009 when his company, Saad Group, defaulted on debts. Creditors have spent the past nine years pursuing Saad, which is based in the city of Khobar in Saudi Arabia’s Eastern Province, for debt that some estimate to be between 40 billion riyals ($10.67 billion) and 60 billion riyals. Investors see the case as a litmus test of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman’s commitment to reforms. Etqaan Alliance, the consortium appointed by Saudi authorities to liquidate assets owned by al-Sanea and the company in an effort to repay creditors, plans to begin selling the company’s assets in Saudi Arabia, according to several sources familiar with the matter. The sales will happen in the coming weeks, the sources said. The liquidator has produced a slick video that it has posted on YouTube with the tagline“the sale everyone has been waiting for in Khobar” featuring some of the properties and land to be sold. A brochure accompanying the sale includes a list of 20 plots of land owned by Saad Trading, part of Saad Group, and al-Sanea. The properties are mostly located in Khobar. The largest unit is a 484,407 square meter plot of land that includes buildings and a sewage water treatment plant. The brochure does not include valuations, but the sources said the real estate was valued at around 4.4 billion riyals, based on an official list of real estate provided to authorities. A source at the Ministry of Justice confirmed to Reuters an auction would be launched this month to sell vehicles, equipment, a large quantity of building materials and some property before the Islamic fasting month of Ramadan, which starts in May. According to the sources who have seen the official list provided to authorities, Saad owns an estimated 3.5 bln riyals of real estate, while al-Sanea personally owns an estimated 6.8 bln riyals. Much of that is in Riyadh, Dammam and Khobar. Reuters was unable to verify whether all of that real estate will be auctioned by Etqaan or the number of vehicles that will be sold. Saad owns 923 vehicles, including trucks, buses and cars, according to the sources who had seen the list provided to authorities, while al-Sanea has 26 vehicles, including a Rolls Royce, a Hummer, and Cadillac Concord. The sale does not include the 750-bed Saad Specialist Hospital in Khobar, which the government is in talks with private companies to run, or foreign assets owned by al-Sanea or Saad. The auction is set to take place a few weeks after the government wound down the anti-corruption crackdown that involved the detention of scores of senior Saudi officials, including princes, in Riyadh’s luxurious Ritz-Carlton Hotel. The government has said the process raised more than $100 billion, mostly in the form of land, stakes in businesses and other illiquid assets rather than cash. The proceeds from Etqaan’s auction will be distributed to creditors via a legal process overseen by a three-judge tribunal set up in 2016 to handle claims against Saad and Ahmad Hamad al-Gosaibi & Bros Co, another big local conglomerate that defaulted on debt in 2009. Creditors have pursued legal battles over the debt around the world for almost a decade, while the two groups have squabbled over which of them is to blame for the meltdown. In an effort to stave off the liquidation process, Saad late last year launched its own process to engage with creditors. It hired a financial consultancy, Reemas Group, to offer a proposed settlement covering $4 bln in debt. Reemas did not immediately respond to a Reuters request for comment. Saad Group has been told by the court that it needs to obtain the agreement of creditors to its plan as soon as possible and then the court will consider the proposal, according to the sources. In an email sent by Reemas last year, it told creditors its intention was to secure preliminary consent from the majority of lenders to its proposal to put the auction process at a halt. (GRAPHIC - Saudi royal family arrests: reut.rs/2DHWWBd) 
968117727897575424	2018-02-26 13:37:07	https://t.co/UFfA7vPrwe	Russia, Egypt may restart talks on Red Sea airport checks in spring https://t.co/UFfA7vPrwe	 MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia and Egypt could restart talks on checking Red Sea airports near resorts of Sharm el-Sheikh and Hurghada in the spring, after the resumption of Russian flights to Cairo, RIA news agency cited Transport Minister Maxim Sokolov on Monday. Russia halted civilian air traffic to Egypt in October 2015 after Islamist militants detonated a bomb on a Russian Metrojet flight departing the tourist resort of Sharm el-Sheikh, killing all 224 people on board. 
968116708056715264	2018-02-26 13:33:04	https://t.co/4wnqx2dyks	French government ready to push through SNCF reform by decree https://t.co/4wnqx2dyks https://t.co/Y01d5hjpsC	 PARIS (Reuters) - France will abolish jobs-for-life at the debt-ridden state-owned SNCF railways firm, the prime minister said on Monday, setting President Emmanuel Macron’s government on a collision course with powerful labor unions. The overhaul of the SNCF, whose debts top 45 billion euros ($55.52 billion), is among the politically riskiest reforms to be pursued since the 40-year-old Macron won power in May 2017 on pledges to modernize France’s economy and do away with traditional Left-versus-Right politics. Workers at the SNCF, a stronghold of the far-left CGT union, have already warned of protests and possible strikes over the reforms, which would spell the end of preferential terms that rail employees have enjoyed since nationalization in 1937. “The situation is alarming,” Prime Minister Edouard Philippe said of the state of affairs at the SNCF group, where many of the 260,000 staff have jobs for life and the right to retire in their 50s, as much as a decade earlier than most. “It’s time to dare it with a reform that the French people know is needed.” In tackling the huge costs of France’s vast public rail system, Macron is taking on a challenge his predecessors either failed to master or simply ducked. In 1995, SNCF unions spearheaded three weeks of strikes that crippled the French transport network and forced the then prime minister, Alain Juppe, to drop his welfare reforms and resign. Philippe said fuller details of reforms would be set out in March and that the government was ready to push them through by decree, avoiding a vote in parliament, where it has a comfortable majority, if there were attempts to block them. Two concessions may soften opposition: the scrapping of job-for-life contracts and generous pensions will apply only to new recruits, and a pledge not to close rural rail lines, as had been proposed in a report the government commissioned. While that report, submitted to the government earlier this month, recommended that a debt of slightly more than 45 billion euros be taken off SNCF hands, Philippe made it clear that could only happen if the company changed its ways. “It’s a shared effort. The state will live up to its duties before the end of its mandate to ensure the economic viability of railway system,” he said. Four unions - CGT, Sud, Unsa and CFDT - meet on Tuesday to decide their riposte, with the CFDT urging the others to join in a rolling strike from March 12. Of the government’s pledge to push reform through without votes in parliament if necessary, Sud-Rail chief Erik Meyer said:“This is blackmail by decree”. ($1 = 0.8106 euros) 
968112932155469824	2018-02-26 13:18:04	https://t.co/JaUbWRyz3r	'Migrate or die': Venezuelans flood into Colombia despite crackdown https://t.co/JaUbWRyz3r https://t.co/FYwohugckO	 MAICAO/CUCUTA, Colombia (Reuters) - The desert wind whipping their faces, hundreds of Venezuelan migrants lugging heavy suitcases and overstuffed backpacks trudge along the road to the Colombian border town of Maicao beneath the blazing sun. The broken line snakes back 8 miles (13 km) to the border crossing at Paraguachon, where more than a hundred Venezuelans wait in the heat outside the migration office. Money changers sit at tables stacked with wads of Venezuelan currency, made nearly worthless by hyperinflation under President Nicolas Maduro’s socialist government. The remote outpost on the arid La Guajira peninsula on Colombia’s Caribbean coast marks a frontline in Latin America’s worst humanitarian crisis. The Venezuelans arrive hungry, thirsty and tired, often unsure where they will spend the night, but relieved to have escaped the calamitous situation in their homeland. They are among more than half a million Venezuelans who have fled to Colombia, many illegally, hoping to escape grinding poverty, rising violence and shortages of food and medicine in their once-prosperous, oil exporting nation. “It’s migrate and give it a try or die of hunger there. Those are the only two options,” said Yeraldine Murillo, 27, who left her six-year-old son behind in the Venezuelan city of Maracaibo, some 56 miles (90 km) across the border. “There, people eat from the trash. Here, people are happy just to eat,” said Murillo, who hopes to find work in Colombia’s capital Bogota and send for her son. The exodus from Venezuela - on a scale echoing the departure of Myanmar’s Rohingya people to Bangladesh - is stirring alarm in Colombia. A weary migration official said as many as 2,000 Venezuelans enter Colombia legally through Paraguachon each day, up from around 1,200 late last year. Under pressure from overcrowded frontier towns such as Maicao, Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos announced a tightening of border controls this month, deploying 3,000 additional security personnel. But the measures are unlikely to stem the flow of illegal migrants pouring across the 1,379-mile (2,219 km) frontier. At Paraguachon, where a lack of effective border controls has long allowed smuggling to thrive, officials estimate 4,000 people cross illegally daily. “We left houses, cars. We left everything: money in the bank,” said former electronics salesman Rudy Ferrer, 51, who sleeps outside a warehouse in Maicao. He estimates there are 1,000 Venezuelans sleeping on the town’s streets every night. Some 3 million Venezuelans - or a tenth of the population - have left Venezuela since late leader Hugo Chavez started his Socialist revolution in 1999. Despite four months of violent anti-government protests last year, Chavez’s hand-picked successor Maduro is expected to win a fresh six-year term at elections on April 22. The opposition, whose most popular leaders have been banned from running, is boycotting the vote. Mechanic Luis Arellano and his children were among the lucky ones who found beds at a shelter in Maicao run by the Catholic diocese with help from the U.N. refugee agency. The 58-year-old said his children’s tears of hunger drove him to flee Venezuela. “It was 8 p.m. and they were asking for lunch and dinner and I had nothing to give them,” he said, spooning rice into his 7-year-old daughter’s mouth. “This isn’t the size they should be,” Arellano said, raising his children’s spindly arms. Migrants told Reuters they were paying up to 400,000 bolivars for a kilo of rice in Venezuela. The official monthly minimum wage is 248,510 bolivares - around $8 at the official exchange rate, or $1.09 on the black market. Food shortages, which many migrants jokingly refer to as the“Maduro diet”, have left people noticeably thinner than in photos taken years earlier for their identification cards. The shelter - where bunk beds line the walls of the bedrooms - provides food and shelter for three days and, for those joining family already in Colombia, a bus ticket onwards. It will soon have capacity for 140 people a night - a fraction of the daily arrivals. Colombia is letting the migrants access public health care and send their children to state schools. Santos is asking for international help to foot the bill, which the government has said runs to tens of millions of dollars. At another shelter in the border city of Cucuta, some 250 miles (400 km) to the south, people regularly spend the night on cardboard outside, hoping places will free up. The largest city along the frontier, Cucuta has borne the brunt of the arriving migrants. About 30,000 people cross the pedestrian bridge that connects the city with Venezuela on daily entry passes to shop for food. Conditions are desperate for migrants like Jose Molina, a 48-year-old butcher unable to find work after leaving his wife and son in Venezuela’s northern Carabobo state four months ago. “I feel so depressed,” said Molina, his face puffed and tired after sleeping outside a church.“I got sick from eating rotten potatoes but I was hungry so I had to eat them.” Molina is so hopeless he has considered returning home. “My wife says everything’s getting worse and it’s best to wait,” he said.“I don’t want to be a burden to them. They don’t have enough to eat themselves.” While many feel a duty to welcome the migrants, in part because Venezuela accepted Colombian refugees during that country’s long civil war, others fear losing jobs to Venezuelans being paid under the table. After locals held a small anti-Venezuelan protest last month, police evicted 200 migrants who were living on a sports field, deporting many of them. Migrants are verbally abused by some Colombians who refuse them work when they hear their accents, said Flavio Gouguella, 28, from Carabobo. “Are you a Veneco? Then no work,” he said, using a derogatory term for Venezuelans. In Maicao, locals also worry about an increase in crime and support police efforts to clear parks and sidewalks. They already have to cope with smuggled subsidized Venezuelan goods damaging local commerce, and have grown tired of job-seekers and lending their bathrooms to migrants. Spooked by police raids, migrants in Maicao have abandoned the parks and bus stations where they had makeshift camps, opting to sleep outside shuttered shops. Female migrants who spoke to Reuters said they were often solicited for sex. Despairing of finding work, some entrepreneurial migrants turn the nearly-worthless bolivar currency into crafts, weaving handbags from the bills and selling them in Maicao’s park. “This was made from 80,000 bolivars,” said 23-year-old Anthony Morillo, holding up a square purse featuring bills with the face of South America’s 19th century liberation hero Simon Bolivar.“It’s not worth half a bag of rice.” (Refiles to fix typo in“Venezuela” in paragraph 14 and restore dropped word“they” in paragraph 36) ($1 = 28,927.5000 bolivar) 
968112353035390977	2018-02-26 13:15:46	https://t.co/LM8C4C8Q3b	'Migrate or die': Venezuelans flood into Colombia despite crackdown https://t.co/LM8C4C8Q3b	 MAICAO/CUCUTA, Colombia (Reuters) - The desert wind whipping their faces, hundreds of Venezuelan migrants lugging heavy suitcases and overstuffed backpacks trudge along the road to the Colombian border town of Maicao beneath the blazing sun. The broken line snakes back 8 miles (13 km) to the border crossing at Paraguachon, where more than a hundred Venezuelans wait in the heat outside the migration office. Money changers sit at tables stacked with wads of Venezuelan currency, made nearly worthless by hyperinflation under President Nicolas Maduro’s socialist government. The remote outpost on the arid La Guajira peninsula on Colombia’s Caribbean coast marks a frontline in Latin America’s worst humanitarian crisis. The Venezuelans arrive hungry, thirsty and tired, often unsure where they will spend the night, but relieved to have escaped the calamitous situation in their homeland. They are among more than half a million Venezuelans who have fled to Colombia, many illegally, hoping to escape grinding poverty, rising violence and shortages of food and medicine in their once-prosperous, oil exporting nation. “It’s migrate and give it a try or die of hunger there. Those are the only two options,” said Yeraldine Murillo, 27, who left her six-year-old son behind in the Venezuelan city of Maracaibo, some 56 miles (90 km) across the border. “There, people eat from the trash. Here, people are happy just to eat,” said Murillo, who hopes to find work in Colombia’s capital Bogota and send for her son. The exodus from Venezuela - on a scale echoing the departure of Myanmar’s Rohingya people to Bangladesh - is stirring alarm in Colombia. A weary migration official said as many as 2,000 Venezuelans enter Colombia legally through Paraguachon each day, up from around 1,200 late last year. Under pressure from overcrowded frontier towns such as Maicao, Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos announced a tightening of border controls this month, deploying 3,000 additional security personnel. But the measures are unlikely to stem the flow of illegal migrants pouring across the 1,379-mile (2,219 km) frontier. At Paraguachon, where a lack of effective border controls has long allowed smuggling to thrive, officials estimate 4,000 people cross illegally daily. “We left houses, cars. We left everything: money in the bank,” said former electronics salesman Rudy Ferrer, 51, who sleeps outside a warehouse in Maicao. He estimates there are 1,000 Venezuelans sleeping on the town’s streets every night. Some 3 million Venezuelans - or a tenth of the population - have left Venezuela since late leader Hugo Chavez started his Socialist revolution in 1999. Despite four months of violent anti-government protests last year, Chavez’s hand-picked successor Maduro is expected to win a fresh six-year term at elections on April 22. The opposition, whose most popular leaders have been banned from running, is boycotting the vote. Mechanic Luis Arellano and his children were among the lucky ones who found beds at a shelter in Maicao run by the Catholic diocese with help from the U.N. refugee agency. The 58-year-old said his children’s tears of hunger drove him to flee Venezuela. “It was 8 p.m. and they were asking for lunch and dinner and I had nothing to give them,” he said, spooning rice into his 7-year-old daughter’s mouth. “This isn’t the size they should be,” Arellano said, raising his children’s spindly arms. Migrants told Reuters they were paying up to 400,000 bolivars for a kilo of rice in Venezuela. The official monthly minimum wage is 248,510 bolivares - around $8 at the official exchange rate, or $1.09 on the black market. Food shortages, which many migrants jokingly refer to as the“Maduro diet”, have left people noticeably thinner than in photos taken years earlier for their identification cards. The shelter - where bunk beds line the walls of the bedrooms - provides food and shelter for three days and, for those joining family already in Colombia, a bus ticket onwards. It will soon have capacity for 140 people a night - a fraction of the daily arrivals. Colombia is letting the migrants access public health care and send their children to state schools. Santos is asking for international help to foot the bill, which the government has said runs to tens of millions of dollars. At another shelter in the border city of Cucuta, some 250 miles (400 km) to the south, people regularly spend the night on cardboard outside, hoping places will free up. The largest city along the frontier, Cucuta has borne the brunt of the arriving migrants. About 30,000 people cross the pedestrian bridge that connects the city with Venezuela on daily entry passes to shop for food. Conditions are desperate for migrants like Jose Molina, a 48-year-old butcher unable to find work after leaving his wife and son in Venezuela’s northern Carabobo state four months ago. “I feel so depressed,” said Molina, his face puffed and tired after sleeping outside a church.“I got sick from eating rotten potatoes but I was hungry so I had to eat them.” Molina is so hopeless he has considered returning home. “My wife says everything’s getting worse and it’s best to wait,” he said.“I don’t want to be a burden to them. They don’t have enough to eat themselves.” While many feel a duty to welcome the migrants, in part because Venezuela accepted Colombian refugees during that country’s long civil war, others fear losing jobs to Venezuelans being paid under the table. After locals held a small anti-Venezuelan protest last month, police evicted 200 migrants who were living on a sports field, deporting many of them. Migrants are verbally abused by some Colombians who refuse them work when they hear their accents, said Flavio Gouguella, 28, from Carabobo. “Are you a Veneco? Then no work,” he said, using a derogatory term for Venezuelans. In Maicao, locals also worry about an increase in crime and support police efforts to clear parks and sidewalks. They already have to cope with smuggled subsidized Venezuelan goods damaging local commerce, and have grown tired of job-seekers and lending their bathrooms to migrants. Spooked by police raids, migrants in Maicao have abandoned the parks and bus stations where they had makeshift camps, opting to sleep outside shuttered shops. Female migrants who spoke to Reuters said they were often solicited for sex. Despairing of finding work, some entrepreneurial migrants turn the nearly-worthless bolivar currency into crafts, weaving handbags from the bills and selling them in Maicao’s park. “This was made from 80,000 bolivars,” said 23-year-old Anthony Morillo, holding up a square purse featuring bills with the face of South America’s 19th century liberation hero Simon Bolivar.“It’s not worth half a bag of rice.” (Refiles to fix typo in“Venezuela” in paragraph 14 and restore dropped word“they” in paragraph 36) ($1 = 28,927.5000 bolivar) 
968106763076751360	2018-02-26 12:53:33	https://t.co/RM854dv2Zd	Colombia's ELN rebels to hold ceasefire during legislative elections https://t.co/RM854dv2Zd	 BOGOTA (Reuters) - Colombia’s ELN rebels will hold a four-day unilateral ceasefire as the country votes in legislative elections next month, the group said in a statement on Monday. The government suspended peace talks with the National Liberation Army (ELN) in January, after the end of the two sides’ first-ever bilateral ceasefire, when the guerrillas restarted attacks on security forces and pipelines. “As a gesture of respect for Colombians who are voting, the National Liberation Army will halt offensive military operations between 9 and 13 March,” the statement, posted on the group’s website, said. Legislative elections take place on Mar. 11, ahead of presidential voting in May. The rebels urged President Juan Manuel Santos to set a date to restart talks, adding that the next cycle of negotiations should be focused on agreeing on a new bilateral ceasefire. Santos has repeatedly said that talks will not begin again until the ELN’s actions match its words. Eight police officers were killed and more than 40 people wounded in the latest wave of guerrilla attacks. “This statement, if they back it up with action, is exactly the type of gesture we’re looking for to restart talks,” Santos said in an interview on Monday with local La FM radio. “I‘m going to study the statement, verify its authenticity and then we’ll take decisions.” The Cano Limon pipeline has been halted for more than six weeks because of bombings attributed to the 2,000-strong ELN, which was founded by radical Roman Catholic priests in 1964. 
968103574113800193	2018-02-26 12:40:53	https://t.co/yYoeneSA3b	Tanzania opposition MP jailed for five months for insulting president https://t.co/yYoeneSA3b	 DAR ES SALAAM (Reuters) - A court in Tanzania sentenced two opposition leaders to five months in prison on Monday for insulting President John Magufuli, a decision likely to fuel criticism that authorities are undermining democracy and stifling free speech. The court in the southern highlands convicted Joseph Mbilinyi, a lawmaker from the main opposition CHADEMA party, and local leader for the party Emmanuel Masonga for using abusive language against the president at a public rally in December. Court documents seen by Reuters show that Mbilinyi was accused of associating Magufuli with an alleged assassination attempt on vocal opposition MP Tundu Lissu last year. Lissu, a fierce critic of Magufuli’s government, was shot several times by unknown gunmen in the administrative capital Dodoma in September. He sought treatment abroad and has yet to return. Magufuli condemned the attack on the opposition lawmaker and called for a swift investigation. “Mbilinyi ... used insulting language against President John Magufuli ... likely to cause breach of peace,” said part of the charge sheet. According to Tanzania’s penal code,“any person who uses obscene, abusive or insulting language to any other person in such a manner as is likely to cause a breach of the peace” faces a maximum sentence of six months in jail. CHADEMA’s deputy secretary general John Mnyika told reporters on Monday that the opposition party would appeal against both the convictions and sentences. The United States, European Union and several Western embassies in Tanzania last week voiced concern over politically-related violence and allegations of human rights abuses. “We note with concern recent developments which threaten democratic values and the rights of Tanzanians in a country which is widely respected in the world for its stability, peacefulness and freedoms,” the European Delegation to Tanzania said in a statement on Friday. But the criticism is unlikely to hurt the government politically, since it remains in an electorally strong position. Three people, including a university student, were killed over the past few weeks in various parts of Tanzania in politically-related incidents, according to opposition leaders. An opposition figure and a journalist have also disappeared. More than 10 people, including university students and a lecturer, have been charged in court over the past two years with insulting the president via social networking platform like WhatsApp. Insulting the president on social media was made a criminal offence under a cyber crimes law passed in 2015 before Magufuli came into office. 
968100901826318337	2018-02-26 12:30:16	https://t.co/JkFI8TICT9	Huawei in early 5G trials with 30 telcos; CEO rejects U.S. security fears https://t.co/JkFI8TICT9 https://t.co/92faBEF1Zp	 BARCELONA (Reuters) - The chief executive of Huawei [HWT.UL] said on Monday the pace of commercialization for next-generation 5G wireless network is picking up as the Chinese telecom equipment maker has begun pre-commercial development with more than 30 network operators. Speaking to reporters at the annual Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, CEO Ken Hu also said he welcomed“factual debate” about any security concerns governments or network operators may have about security threats arising from its products. Huawei is forging closer commercial ties with big telecom operators across Asia, the Americas and Europe, putting the company in prime position to lead the global race for future 5G networks, despite U.S. allegations it poses a security threat. The company, which generates roughly half of its revenue in China, is conducting pre-commercial 5G trials in many of the world’s biggest cities, including Seoul, Tokyo, London, Milan and Vancouver in Canada, Hu said. Potential commercial benefits aside, these agreements indicate that many countries allied to the United States do not share Washington's security concerns. (reut.rs/2GKRE9d) Asked about reports that the U.S. government has raised security concerns with the Australian government over Huawei’s role in building communication networks there, Hu said the company is willing to work with authorities to ease any fears. “We are very happy to conduct open and transparent discussion with the Australian government and telecom operators.“On this issue we stay very positive and open”. A bill introduced in the U.S. Senate this month would bar equipment from Huawei from any U.S. government networks to prevent Chinese spying. Hu dismissed Washington’s concerns that its products pose security threats as“groundless suspicions”. “Those words are not based on solid facts and for that we are very sorry,” Hu told reporters when asked about the concerns. Huawei’s CEO agreed on one point U.S. security officials have made: Deeper security threats lurk in the extended supply chains of thousands of partners which Huawei and other network suppliers must rely upon to develop, produce and distribute their products around the world, Hu said. Huawei has signed 5G field trial agreements with 45 operators, the CEO said. Around 25 of those pre-commercial testing and field trial agreements have been publicly announced in recent years, according to Reuters data. Sweden’s Ericsson , the No.2 mobile networks supplier, has 38 publicly announced 5G operator partnerships, while No.3 mobile supplier Nokia has disclosed 5G field trials with 31 network operators worldwide, Reuters data shows. A spokesman said Nokia has 5G research and development pacts with 43 of its top 50 customers, including non-public ones. Huawei’s Hu said 2018 will mark the first year of commercialization for 5G. “We have seen the emergence of real demand for 5G technologies,” said Hu, CEO of the world’s No.3 smartphone maker. Growth in current generation 4G wireless networks peaked in 2015, according to market analysts, and the mobile equipment industry is counting on a new potentially decade-long cycle of 5G network upgrades to kick off in earnest around 2020. Huawei reported 2017 revenue of $92 billion but growth slowed to 15 percent from 32 percent in 2016 and 37 percent in 2015. It is targeting total revenue of more than $102 billion for 2018, Chinese media reported last month, which in yuan terms would mean growth falling to 9 percent. In response to a question from Reuters, Hu said that each of the three arms of its business - operator, enterprise and consumer - would have positive growth, but he declined to give specific figures, saying its 2018 targets would be announced next month. 
968097603677237248	2018-02-26 12:17:09	https://t.co/PxSI9Az0km	From U.S., exiled Venezuelan ex-mayor drums up anti-Maduro lobby https://t.co/PxSI9Az0km	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - When Venezuela’s government issued an arrest warrant for David Smolansky last year, the young opposition politician went into hiding before shaving off his trademark beard and fleeing through the southern jungle to neighboring Brazil. Six months later, Smolansky has settled in Washington D.C., part of a growing group of Venezuelan exiles lobbying for a tougher international stance against President Nicolas Maduro in the midst of the country’s dramatic economic meltdown. The 32-year-old former student leader and journalist has been living in a strange limbo since leaving the oil-rich nation beset by food shortages, disease and hyperinflation. “Many people think,‘he’s left, so he’s doing well.’ Exile is also difficult. You’re not in jail, but you’re not free either because you can’t go back to your country,” Smolansky, the former mayor of the wealthy Caracas suburb of El Hatillo, told Reuters in a recent interview. His exile has a particularly ironic twist: his Jewish grandparents escaped the Soviet Union and his father then fled communist-run Cuba for Venezuela. “I’m the third generation that has had to emigrate,” said the husky-voiced Smolansky, whose father advised him that exile must not break him. So Smolansky focuses on meeting Trump administration officials and international diplomats to press for U.S. and Latin American sanctions against Maduro’s unpopular socialist government. “My focus is that Venezuela is a threat to the region,” he said during the interview just off K Street, the downtown city road known for its lobbying industry. He is also in touch with other Venezuelan exiles, including former Caracas mayor Antonio Ledezma, who fled house arrest by slipping across the porous Colombian border last year and is now based in Spain. Smolansky, who belongs to the hardline Popular Will party, agrees with the opposition coalition’s boycott of the April 22 presidential election, which has been widely condemned for democratic shortcomings. “It’s not an election, it’s a coronation,” said Smolansky, pointing out that top opposition figures are barred from running and the electoral council openly supports the government. In August, at the end of four months of major protests, the pro-Maduro Supreme Court issued an arrest warrant for Smolansky on grounds that he allowed stone-throwing hooded youth and roadblocks in El Hatillo. He knew the writing was on the wall. The head of the Popular Will party, Leopoldo Lopez, had been behind bars since 2014 on charges of stoking street violence, and a half-dozen opposition mayors had also been jailed. He immediately went into hiding. Moving between several safe houses, Smolansky slept during the day to be alert should authorities try to nab him under cover of darkness. He spent the solitary nights writing, reading and watching sports, his backpack always ready in case he had to flee. Thirty-five days later, after dissident former state prosecutor Luisa Ortega and opposition-named magistrates successfully escaped the country, Smolansky decided to do the same. He shaved his beard, donned glasses, wore a flathat, and used an identity card that belonged to someone else. He fled through Venezuela’s remote southern jungle and savannah region, which teems with gasoline smuggling and illegal gold mining, to reach the Brazilian border. Remarkably, he made it through what he said were 35 checkpoints and was welcomed in Brazil, whose conservative president Michel Temer is a staunch critic of Maduro. When Smolansky arrived in Washington in November, childhood friends from Venezuela put him up for three months while he found his footing. He now works in an office, is frequently featured at think-tank events, and receives some income from consulting work. Still, daily life in the bountiful United States remains a jarring reminder of penury back home. “Here you have white rice, brown rice, dark rice, black rice,” he said, laughing, before turning serious.“In Venezuela, there is no rice.” 
968092795943706624	2018-02-26 11:58:03	https://t.co/cACIYClaM7	East Timor, Australia agree on maritime border, 'pathway' to develop gas field https://t.co/cACIYClaM7	 DILI (Reuters) - East Timor and Australia have reached an agreement for a treaty on their disputed maritime border and on a“pathway” to develop the giant Greater Sunrise offshore gas fields, the Permanent Court of Arbitration said on Monday. Under the agreement, the share of revenue from the offshore gas field will differ depending on downstream benefits that arise from“different development concepts”, the statement said following talks in Kuala Lumpur. The agreement would establish a maritime boundary in the Timor Sea for the first time. Australia had sought a boundary aligned with its continental shelf, but East Timor argued the border should lie half way between it and Australia - placing much of the Greater Sunrise fields under its control. The long-running dispute had led the owners of Greater Sunrise - Woodside Petroleum, ConocoPhillips, Royal Dutch Shell and Japan’s Osaka Gas - to shelve the project. The fields are estimated to hold 5.1 trillion cubic feet of gas and 226 million barrels of condensates, which analysts have previously estimated could be worth $40 billion. However, development could be at least a decade away, with Woodside looking at the latter half of the next decade. Ending years of opposition, Australia agreed in 2017 to accept Dili’s formal notice to terminate an agreement to split petroleum revenue equally from Greater Sunrise and set a 50-year timetable for negotiating a permanent sea boundary. Dili had taken the long-running maritime border dispute to the Permanent Court of Arbitration, an intergovernmental organization based at The Hague, which ordered compulsory arbitration between the two parties. The court announced last year that the countries had reached an agreement“on the central elements of a maritime boundary delimitation between them in the Timor Sea” – but that details would remain confidential until the deal was finalised. The two governments will meet in New York at the United Nations headquarters on March 6 to sign the new maritime boundary treaty, the statement said. East Timor had been pushing for the building of an onshore processing plant to boost its economy rather than a floating plant. According to media reports, East Timor could receive up to 80 percent of revenue, but could agree to less if gas is piped to a terminal in the tiny country. The Sunrise joint venture, led by Woodside, said it was aware that the two governments have agreed a new maritime boundaries treaty. “We hope that the Commission’s conclusions and the signing of the treaty will help to provide the fiscal and regulatory certainty required to develop Greater Sunrise for the benefit of all parties,” a Sunrise joint venture spokeswoman said in emailed comments. Australia’s foreign ministry said the countries had“agreed a draft treaty establishing our maritime boundaries and the sharing of revenue from the development of the Greater Sunrise resource”. In the emailed statement, the ministry said the countries would“continue to work towards a decision on the development concept for Greater Sunrise”. East Timor’s oil minister, Hernani Filomena Coelho da Silva, said that his country’s preference was for the gas to come to his country to help development. “Timor’s preference is that the pipeline will be brought to Timor,” he told Reuters by telephone. 
968091227060101121	2018-02-26 11:51:49	https://t.co/IDgphwMq2J	Avalanche kills Washington state hiker, injures five https://t.co/IDgphwMq2J	 (Reuters) - A 32-year-old man was killed and five other people were injured Sunday after being buried in an avalanche in western Washington state, local authorities said. Joseph Simenstad of Issaquah, Wa., was hiking and sledding with his wife and four friends Sunday afternoon in the Okanogan-Wenatchee National Forest, about 82 miles east of Seattle, when a snow slope above them broke free, the Kittitas County Sheriff’s Office said in a press release on its Facebook page. Simenstad and his wife and another friend were fully buried in the snow and two other men were partially buried, authorities said. Rescuers were able to dig them out and revive one unconscious man, but Simenstad died of his injuries, authorities said. The others in his party, including Simenstad’s wife received only minor injuries. Undersheriff Clay Myers said in the release that the area where the hikers were struck was considered“extremely hazardous” and he cautioned people to check the county’s avalanche center before venturing out in the park. 
968090319815430144	2018-02-26 11:48:13	https://t.co/bKFyE6WRXk	British police sift through rubble at scene of fatal blast https://t.co/bKFyE6WRXk	 LEICESTER, England (Reuters) - British police searched for survivors on Monday in the rubble of a shop and apartment destroyed by an explosion that killed at least five people and injured five others in the city of Leicester on Sunday evening. CCTV footage posted on the local newspaper’s website showed the entire front of the building shooting into the road as a car passed. The scene was then engulfed in fire. The Leicester Mercury said the shop was a Polish convenience store called Zabka Leicester and above it was a two-storey apartment. Police and the fire service said it would take time to establish what caused the explosion but that there was no immediate indication it was linked to terrorism. “There are still pockets of fire in the basement area of the building,” said Matt Crane of Leicestershire Fire Service. “We have a significant number of specialist search and rescue teams who are supported by two search dogs.” Five people were taken to hospital, one of whom remains in a critical condition, police said. Local resident Harrish Patni told Sky News:“We heard this massive explosion, the shop window six doors away vibrated and we thought it can’t be a car accident, it didn’t sound like a crash. “We came outside and there was a big cloud of smoke, bricks all across the road.” Leicester, in the center of England, has long been one of Britain’s most culturally diverse cities, with a large population of people from the Asian subcontinent and many other ethnicities. 
968088095865344000	2018-02-26 11:39:22	https://t.co/2vIic0I2SG	Plan to truck oil from Iraq's Kirkuk to Iran delayed by security concerns https://t.co/2vIic0I2SG	 LONDON (Reuters) - A plan to truck oil from Iraq’s northern Kirkuk fields to Iran cannot be fully implemented at this stage due to security concerns, the head of the Iran-Iraq chamber of commerce said on Monday. Iraq and Iran have agreed to swap up to 60,000 barrels per day of crude produced from Kirkuk for Iranian oil to be delivered to southern Iraq. About 30,000 barrels per day of crude is to be trucked to Iran’s Kermanshah refinery in the first instance. “Iran is facing some problems to implement the agreement due to security issues,” said Hamid Hosseini, the Iranian secretary-general of the Iran-Iraq Chamber of Commerce. “Iran does not have X-ray machines to scan the trucks coming from Iraq,” Hosseini was quoted as saying by ISNA news agency. He said Iran was in talks with Iraq to use their X-ray facilities. Iraqi Oil Minister Jabar al-Luaibi said last month that exporting oil from the Kirkuk fields to Iran would start before the end of January. Iraq and Iran plan to build a pipeline to carry the oil from Kirkuk to avoid having to use trucks. The planned pipeline could replace the existing export route from Kirkuk via Turkey and the Mediterranean. 
968087020470984704	2018-02-26 11:35:06	https://t.co/TJxPx1bPTP	Italy's uncertain election: Five questions on investors' minds https://t.co/TJxPx1bPTP reports @DharaRanasinghe… https://t.co/whpx9p7xZu	 LONDON (Reuters) - Investors are feeling sanguine ahead of Italy’s March 4 election. The economy is strengthening and anti-euro sentiment is waning in the single-currency bloc. But the vote has the potential to throw them a curve ball. The election is on the same day as Germany finds out the results of a ballot of Social Democrat party members on a coalition deal with Chancellor Angela Merkel’s conservatives. The outcome could seal or end Merkel’s hopes for a fourth term in office. The German result is also important for southern European countries including Italy since a new coalition is expected to take a more pro-European stance and a conciliatory approach to fiscal policies in the bloc. Here are five key questions for investors. 1. What’s the most likely outcome of Italy’s election and what would it mean for investors? The latest polls point to a hung parliament, where no one party or coalition has a majority to form a government. If this happens, Italian President Sergio Mattarella, will call on parties to form a broader coalition of pre-election adversaries. This could include the ruling centre-left Democratic Party and Silvio Berlusconi’s Forza Italia. For a full interactive graphic on the election polls: tmsnrt.rs/2oluYph (For a graphic showing Latest poll results, click here: reut.rs/2CH5Xte) Analysts see a hung parliament, leading to a broad coalition that includes mainstream parties, as the most positive market outcome because it could result in political stability and policy continuity on Europe. Even in this situation, any uncertainty over the government’s make-up could lead to short-term volatility. Analysts at BNY Mellon say political uncertainty in general has become a key force for major currency markets in the past year and“serious attention” needs to be paid to Italy’s election. 2/ What could take markets by surprise? This election takes place under a new, untested voting system introduced last year, which makes the outcome particularly uncertain. It is possible that a coalition of centre-right parties, leading in the polls, will win a majority of its own. One surprise would be a centre-right victory, with the eurosceptic League as the biggest party, possibly enabling its leader to become prime minister. Success for the League, which calls the euro a“failed currency,” could revive euro break-up fears and widen the gap between Italian and German bond yields. An election outcome that allows the League or the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement to have a central role in government may have the same effect. And if a government is not formed, fresh elections cannot be ruled out. (For a graphic showing Italian stocks lag EU peers, click here: reut.rs/2CFATK3) (For a graphic showing Markets price lower risk of default, click here: reut.rs/2CEwE1m) 3/ What about Germany’s SPD ballot results? The result of the vote, key to ending five months of uncertainty in Europe’s biggest economy, is wide open. A‘yes’ vote from 464,000 Social Democrat (SPD) members on whether the centre-left party should join Merkel’s conservatives in government would allow a new coalition to press ahead with crucial European Union reforms. A‘no’ vote would either trigger new elections or bring in a minority government, which would then have to seek ad hoc alliances to pass legislation. That would prolong political uncertainty and hurt business sentiment. It would also be a shock for southern European debt markets. These rallied after the coalition agreement as the deal was seen heralding a shift towards looser purse strings in Berlin and a pro-European stance.. “If we assume that the coalition goes through as planned, there might be changes in policy and more co-operation in Europe which for us as investors is positive,” said J Patrick Bradley, senior vice president, investment research at Brandywine Global. (For a graphic showing No sweat for Italy's bond markets, click here: reut.rs/2CExJGs) 4/ Will the winner of Italy’s election tackle the debt pile? Probably not. Whatever Italy’s next government looks like, the chances that it will push through long-term term structural reforms to improve Italy’s economic performance or to tackle the country’s debt pile, are low. At 132 percent of GDP, Italy has the European Union’s worst debt ratio after Greece. In fact election pledges could worsen the situation - Bank of Italy Governor Ignazio Visco has cautioned that parties’ pledges to slash taxes and hike spending could prove counterproductive since the problem of high debt“cannot be sidestepped.” That could increasingly bring investors to view Italy as the euro zone’s weak link, making Italian assets vulnerable at times of market uncertainty or during the withdrawal of European Central Bank stimulus. (For a graphic showing Growth in Italy remains below pre-crisis levels, click here: reut.rs/2ENolqa) 5/ What does this mean for ECB monetary policy? At the margins, a thumbs-up for Germany’s coalition deal will suggest modest fiscal expansion, adding in turn to better growth and higher inflation. That could hasten the end of the cheap-money era and keep upward pressure on borrowing costs. If Italy’s election too passes without major ructions, it will remove a layer of political risk from the calendar and reinforce the case for unwinding ECB stimulus. Focus can then turn to the next ECB chief, a post that changes hands next year. While speculation is of a German - possibly the hawkish Bundesbank chief Jens Weidmann - taking the reins after the departure of“southerner” Mario Draghi - Germany’s Social Democrats say they have not discussed backing Weidmann for the role. But any negative surprise outcome from Italy or Germany could encourage the ECB to keep asset purchases in place beyond their September end-date, in turn prompting investors to rethink the timing of rate rises. (For a graphic showing Money markets bring forward bets on timing of ECB rate hikes, click here: reut.rs/2ELrF54) 
968085850826379264	2018-02-26 11:30:27	https://t.co/iwvJLI7SNY	South African prosecutor to announce decision on Zuma graft charges in two weeks: eNCA television https://t.co/iwvJLI7SNY	 JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South African state prosecutors will announce in two weeks whether they will reinstate corruption charges against former president Jacob Zuma, eNCA television reported on Monday. The 783 counts of corruption against Zuma relate to a 30 billion rand ($2.6 billion) government arms deal arranged in the late 1990s. They were filed but then dropped by the National Prosecuting Authority shortly before Zuma ran for the presidency. South Africa’s High Court reinstated the charges in 2016 and the Supreme Court upheld that decision last year, rejecting an appeal by Zuma and describing the NPA’s decision to set aside the charges as“irrational”. It then fell to NPA Head Shaun Abrahams to decide whether or not the NPA would pursue a case against Zuma, who resigned as head of state earlier this month on orders of the ruling African National Congress. NPA spokesman Luvuyo Mfaku could not be reached for comment. ($1 = 11.5529 rand) 
968085850801262592	2018-02-26 11:30:27	https://t.co/XN3dNmHzj8	EU agrees to prepare sanctions on Myanmar generals https://t.co/XN3dNmHzj8	 BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Union foreign ministers agreed on Monday to prepare sanctions against Myanmar generals over the killings of Rohingya Muslims and to strengthen the EU arms embargo, accusing state security forces of grave human rights abuses. As reported by Reuters last week, foreign ministers meeting in Brussels asked the EU’s foreign policy chief, Federica Mogherini, to draw up a list of names to be hit with EU travel bans and asset freezes. In a statement, ministers called for“targeted restrictive measures against senior military officers of the Myanmar armed forces responsible for serious and systematic human rights violations without delay”. The measures would be the EU’s toughest yet to try to hold the Myanmar military accountable for the abuses, likely joining U.S. and Canadian sanctions already in place. Foreign ministers also want to strengthen the bloc’s 1990s-era arms embargo on the Southeast Asian country that remains in place, although they did not give details. Reuters investigations have highlighted the killing of Rohingya Muslim men who were buried in a mass grave in Rakhine state after being hacked to death or shot by ethnic Rakhine Buddhist neighbors and soldiers. No names of generals to be targeted for sanctions have been yet discussed, two diplomats said, but the United States said in December it was sanctioning Major General Maung Maung Soe, who is accused of a crackdown on the Rohingya minority in Rakhine. One EU diplomat said the EU’s list was likely to include more than just one senior military officer. The EU’s decision to consider sanctions reflects resistance to such measures in the U.N. Security Council, where veto-wielding powers Russia and China said this month they believe the situation in Rakhine was stable and under control. The United States, as well as United Nations, have described the military crackdown in Myanmar as“ethnic cleansing”. More than 680,000 people, mostly Rohingya, have fled Rakhine for shelter over the border in Bangladesh, the EU said. Myanmar has denied most allegations of abuses and asked for more evidence of abuses, while denying independent journalists, human rights monitors and UN-appointed investigators access to the conflict zone. 
968084201235939328	2018-02-26 11:23:54	https://t.co/sKDQMzQEm2	Mexico presidency candidate denies corruption accusations https://t.co/sKDQMzQEm2 https://t.co/cGY5qvsWpq	 MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - One of the leading opposition contenders for the Mexican presidency in July’s election on Sunday rejected corruption allegations against him, and accused the government of trying to smear his campaign, which is running second in most polls. Ricardo Anaya, candidate of a right-left coalition, presented the attorney general’s office with a letter denying allegations by rivals that he had benefited from illicit property deals in Queretaro, his home state in central Mexico. At the center of the dispute is the purchase and sale of real estate in an industrial park in Queretaro between 2014 and 2016. Anaya said the deals were completely legitimate, setting out the various transactions in a video posted on social media. “Everything I’ve done has been legal, and above all, 100 percent transparent,” Anaya said in the video. On Wednesday, the attorney general’s office issued a short statement saying that a complaint had been filed last October by an unnamed party about suspected operations involving illicit funds, prompting an investigation to be launched. The statement did not detail who was involved. However, Anaya said that the investigation targeted his property deal and was an attempt to damage his reputation and help the candidate of the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). The PRI’s presidential candidate is former finance minister Jose Antonio Meade, but his campaign has struggled to gain traction. Recent polls have shown Meade losing ground to Anaya and the leftist front-runner, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador. Tit-for-tat accusations of corruption between the government and the opposition have been intensifying in recent months. Much of the attention has focused on media investigations showing how federal auditors over several years detected irregularities worth millions of dollars in the accounts of ministries run by Rosario Robles, the minister for agrarian, land and urban development. Robles has denied any wrongdoing, but the allegations have hurt the PRI, which has long been tainted by corruption. On Sunday, congressman Jesus Zambrano of the center-left Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD), which forms part of Anaya’s coalition, urged the finance ministry to explain the irregularities that occurred under Robles’s watch. The run-up to the election has also been marred by violence, with deadly attacks on several local politicians and activists. The PRI on Sunday condemned the killing in Guerrero state of Dulce Rebaja Pedro, a contender for the state congress whose body was found near the city of Chilapa, local media said. 
968077077550428160	2018-02-26 10:55:35	https://t.co/qTlqJWdB5V	Turkey sends special forces for next stage of Afrin offensive https://t.co/qTlqJWdB5V	 ANKARA/BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Turkish army on Monday took control of the outer edge of Syria’s Afrin region, state media said, as Ankara said it was readying for a “new battle” by deploying police special forces. The military and allied Syrian rebel factions pushed some Syrian Kurdish YPG fighters back from the frontier near the Turkish border, effectively creating a “crescent” of control on Syria’s side of the border, the state-run news agency Anadolu reported. Since launching its operation in the northwest Syrian region, Turkey has captured 115 “strategic points” and 87 villages, Anadolu said. The Syrian Kurdish YPG forces said Turkish warplanes had struck a village near Jandaris in the southwest of Afrin, killing five civilians. A YPG-led alliance said its forces had responded in self-defense to Turkish attacks, and that fighting raged on multiple fronts around Afrin. Five Turkish soldiers were killed in the space of 24 hours, the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) said. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a UK-based monitoring group, said Turkish troops now held a continuous strip on the edge of Afrin. The advance opens a corridor that links territory in Aleppo province under the control of rebels backed by Turkey with the insurgent stronghold of Idlib province. Ankara sees the YPG as an extension of the Kurdistan Workers’ Party (PKK), which has been waging an insurgency in southeast Turkey for three decades - though the groups say they are independent. “NEW BATTLE APPROACHING” Turkish Deputy Prime Minister Bekir Bozdag told the broadcaster NTV that the deployment of police special forces “is in preparation for the new battle that is approaching”. Dogan news agency reported that gendarmerie and police special forces had entered Afrin from two points in the northwest, and said they would take part in urban fighting and holding villages that Turkish forces had seized. Most of the larger towns in the region, including the town of Afrin itself, remain under YPG control. Turkey says Saturday’s U.N. Security Council demand for a 30-day truce across Syria does not apply to its offensive in Afrin. “Some regions such as eastern Ghouta are part of the U.N.’s ceasefire decision in Syria, but Afrin is not one of them,” said Bozdag, who is also the government spokesman. “The decision will not impact our Olive Branch operation ... in the Afrin region.” But French President Emmanuel Macron on Monday told Turkey the ceasefire did apply to Afrin. The U.N. Security Council resolution demands all parties “cease hostilities without delay ... for a durable humanitarian pause for at least 30 consecutive days throughout Syria”. The cessation does not apply to military operations against Islamic State, al Qaeda and groups associated with them or other groups designated as terrorist organizations by the Security Council. The PKK is branded a terrorist group by the United States and European Union as well as by Turkey, but the YPG is Washington’s main military ally in northeast Syria. 
968075006180773888	2018-02-26 10:47:22	https://t.co/asUHNGBlWw	Thailand arrests 10 Russians who ran sex training course in Pattaya https://t.co/asUHNGBlWw	 BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thai police on Monday arrested a group of 10 Russians who were running a sex training class for their compatriots in the seaside town of Pattaya, and have charged them with working in Thailand without permission. Police said those arrested included Russian national Alex Lesley, a self-proclaimed“sex guru” who made headlines last year following reports that he planned to run in Russia’s presidential election next month. Lesley, whose real name is Alexander Kirillov, according to Thai police, is not registered as a presidential candidate with the Russian Central Election Commission, however. The group will be charged with working in Thailand without permission but not for conducting the course, police said. One of them will also be charged with overstaying his visa and three for entering Thailand illegally without passports, police said, adding that the group ran the course for more than 40 Russian men and women at a hotel in Pattaya. “They had to pay more than 20,000 baht for the course,” Pattaya police chief Apichai Krobpet told Reuters. “We charged all 10 instructors with working without permission,” he added.“They came to teach sex education to their fellow countrymen … but the course itself is not illegal.” Police said representatives of Russia’s embassy in Bangkok had arrived in Pattaya to assist the men. Reuters was not immediately able to contact the men’s lawyers. The Russian embassy in the Thai capital did not respond to telephone calls to seek comment. Pattaya, famed for its nightlife, including strip clubs, some run by Russians, draws many Russian tourists, with many Russian-language signboards in the town center.On his official website, Lesley, who has more than 36,000 Instagram followers, recently posted a video of people on a beach he tagged as Monkey Beach on Koh Larn, an island off Pattaya. Some of the men in the video wear white t-shirts bearing the phrase,“Sex Animator”. Lesley’s official website advertises a sexual techniques course to run from Feb. 17 in Thailand. (Corrects quote in paragraph 7 from‘overstaying’ to‘working without permission’) 
968074995074297856	2018-02-26 10:47:19	https://t.co/F0gLh7MbYf	U.S. trying to 'embarrass' Pakistan with terror financing list: minister https://t.co/F0gLh7MbYf	 ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan’s de facto finance minister, Miftah Ismail, has brushed off concerns that economic growth will suffer because of the country’s re-inclusion on a terrorist financing watch list, and lashed out against the United States for seeking to“embarrass” his nation. Washington last week persuaded member states of the Financial Action Task Force (FATF) to place Pakistan back on the“grey list” of nations with inadequate terrorist financing or money laundering controls. Pakistan was on the list for three years, until 2015. The diplomatic setback has sparked anger in Islamabad against United States, which championed the motion against Pakistan at the FATF meeting in Paris. It represented another blow to the worsening relationship between the uneasy allies, who have long differed on how to combat Islamist militants waging war in Afghanistan. It has also heightened concerns that Pakistan is becoming internationally isolated, and that its economy could suffer if global banking intuitions cut links with the nuclear-armed nation, or otherwise increase the cost of doing business with Pakistan. Ismail, officially the adviser on finance, revenue and economic affairs to Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi, led Pakistan’s negotiations in Paris. He told Reuters that Washington did not seem genuinely eager to see Pakistan boost its terrorist financing regulations and was instead bent on humiliating the country. “If the Americans were interested in working with us and improving our CTF (counter-terrorist financing) regulations, they would have taken the offer I was making them,” Ismail said.“But their idea was just to embarrass Pakistan.” Diplomatic and Pakistani government sources say Pakistan fended off a U.S.-led motion on Tuesday as Turkey, China and the Gulf Cooperation Countries (GCC) countries objected to it. But in a break from tradition, the motion was brought up again on Thursday and passed as the GCC and China dropped their objections. Ismail said that he urged the United States to allow Pakistan until June to fix any outstanding CTF issues and ceded ground in negotiations to strike a deal, but that the U.S. was determined to see Pakistan suffer. U.S. officials say Pakistan remains weak on terrorist financing prosecutions and has not done enough to combat money-raising capabilities of Islamic charities controlled by Hafiz Saeed, whom the U.S. has designated a terrorist. The officials blame Saeed for the 2008 Mumbai attacks, which killed 166 people. In the run up to the FATF meeting, Pakistan sought to gain favor by seizing control of parts of Saeed’s Jamaat-ud-Dawa (JuD) and Falah-e-Insaniat Foundation (FIF) charities, which the United States terms“terrorist fronts” for militant group Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT). Saeed, who founded LeT in 1980s, denies orchestrating the Mumbai attacks. Diplomats have cast doubt on whether the takeovers are long-lasting, or simply a short-term move to appease FATF member states and ease pressure on Pakistan. Ismail said Pakistan’s law-enforcement shortcomings are often confused for lack of desire, especially at provincial level, where police officers are poorly trained when it comes to terrorist financing legislation. “The will is there,” he added. Ismail ruled out Pakistan’s retaliating against Washington over the FATF listing. He said the country would keep working to improve its CTF capabilities and win the confidence of Britain, Germany and France, who co-sponsored the U.S. motion in Paris. Pakistan hopes to be removed from the grey list in six to 12 months from June, when it will be officially placed on the watch list, Ismail added. Despite rising growth on the back of improving security and China’s vast infrastructure investment, Pakistan’s economy has come under renewed stress during the past year. Its foreign currency reserves are shrinking and the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned Pakistan’s macroeconomic stability is weakening amid a ballooning current account deficit and a widening fiscal deficit. Ismail said he did not foresee the FATF decision acting as a brake on Pakistan’s economy, which, with growth above 5 percent, is expanding at its fastest pace in a decade. “I would rather not be in the list, but I don’t think it will hurt” economic growth, Ismail said, adding that ordinary Pakistanis would not see any impact from the FATF move. He conceded, however, that being placed on the watch list did not help Pakistan’s tarnished image abroad, and“doesn’t help” with its efforts to attract more foreign direct investment, a major goal of the government. But he urged foreign investors to look past the negative headlines, and pointed out that Pakistan’s economic growth accelerated even during the period the country was last on the watch list. From 2012-2015, exports and foreign currency reserves expanded, while its stock market shot up by more than 200 percent, he said. “We are focused on improving our economy and overcoming this little hiccup,” he said.“We will continue on our path forward.” 
968072997520183296	2018-02-26 10:39:23	https://t.co/kJSDejy9UZ	Air strike kills Syrian family of nine in rebel-held Ghouta: monitor https://t.co/kJSDejy9UZ	 BEIRUT/MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia said on Monday it would establish an evacuation corridor and implement a five-hour daily truce to allow people to leave Syria’s eastern Ghouta, after a U.N. Security Council resolution demanding a 30-day ceasefire across the entire country. It appeared to make no mention, however, of allowing relief supplies to enter the territory, where 400,000 people are living under siege and bombardment. Over the past week, Syria’s army and its allies have subjected the rebel-held enclave near Damascus to one of the heaviest bombardments of the seven-year war, killing hundreds. On Sunday, health authorities there said several people had symptoms consistent with chlorine gas exposure. On Monday, rescue workers and a monitoring group said seven small children had been killed by air and artillery strikes in one town. “Eastern Ghouta cannot wait, it is high time to stop this hell on earth,” U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres told the U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva, calling for implementation of the ceasefire. Fighting has raged across Syria since Saturday’s resolution, as Turkey presses its offensive against a Kurdish militia in Afrin, rival rebel groups fight each other in Idlib and a U.S.-led coalition targets Islamic State in the east.. Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu was cited by the RIA news agency as saying President Vladimir Putin had ordered a ceasefire in eastern Ghouta from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. each day, and the creation of a“humanitarian corridor”. Major-General Yuri Yevtushenko, head of the Russian peace and reconciliation center in Syria, said the measures, decided in agreement with Syrian forces, were intended to help civilians leave and to evacuate the sick and wounded. RIA’s report of his remarks made no direct mention of letting relief supplies in, but quoted Yevtushenko accusing militants of“holding hundreds hostage, including women and children, and victimizing residents, refusing to allow them to leave”. The International Committee of the Red Cross in Geneva said it welcomed any measure that allowed“those who wish to leave to do so, of their free will”, as well as medical evacuations. But spokeswoman Iolanda Jaquemet said much more was required:“The need remains for humanitarian convoys to move in with vital supplies: medicines, medical supplies, food, material to purify the water. This is a place with up to 400,000 people and humanitarian needs are huge.” Linda Tom, a U.N. humanitarian spokeswoman in Damascus, called for the Council resolution to be fully implemented“so that the U.N. and its partners can deliver humanitarian assistance to those in need, particularly to those in eastern Ghouta”. She said at least 30 people had been killed in Ghouta in the previous 48 hours. Russia, along with Iran and Shi’ite militias, is a major backer of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and it joined the war on his side in 2015, helping him claw back important areas. Mohamad Alloush, political chief of one of eastern Ghouta’s biggest rebel factions, said the Syrian army and its allies had launched“a sweeping ground assault” after the U.N. resolution. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said allegations that the Syrian government was responsible for any chemical attack were aimed at sabotaging the truce. The Syrian government has consistently denied using chemical weapons in the war, which will soon enter its eighth year having killed hundreds of thousands of people and forced half of Syria’s pre-war population of about 23 million from their homes. A picture issued by Civil Defence rescue workers, which Reuters could not independently verify, showed seven small bodies lying beside each other, wrapped in white and blue sheets, after air and artillery strikes on the town of Douma in eastern Ghouta. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a UK-based monitoring group, said four of them were among a single family of nine killed by an air strike. The other three were among seven killed by shelling in the same town, it said. The bombardment of eastern Ghouta over the past week has been one of the heaviest of the war, killing at least 556 people in eight days, according to the Syrian Observatory. It said the intensity of the bombardment had diminished since the U.N. resolution, but that 21 people had been killed in eastern Ghouta on Monday. Rebel shelling has caused 36 deaths and a number of injuries in Damascus and nearby rural areas in the last four days, Zaher Hajjo, a government health official, told Reuters. The deputy director general of the World Health Organisation, Peter Salama, said the WHO urgently needed to evacuate 750 medical cases from eastern Ghouta, as well as“sustained access for medical equipment and for medical drugs and commodities”. In eastern Ghouta, people were using the relative lull to find provisions, said Moayad Hafi, a rescue worker based there. “Civilians rushed from their shelters to get food and return quickly since the warplanes are still in the sky and can hit at any moment,” he told Reuters in a voice message. Lavrov said the ceasefire would not cover either the Ahrar al-Sham or the Jaish al-Islam factions, describing them as partners of the former al Qaeda affiliate the Nusra Front. The two major rebel factions in eastern Ghouta are Jaish al-Islam and Failaq al-Rahman. Tahrir al-Sham, an alliance of jihadists including Nusra, also has a small presence there. In Idlib, Ahrar al-Sham and Tahrir al-Sham have been fighting each other in recent days, rather than cooperating. Syrian state television reported that army units had advanced against militants near Harasta in eastern Ghouta. The state news agency SANA also reported that the army had stopped a car bomb being driven into Damascus. The Nusra Front has consistently been excluded from ceasefires in Syria, and the opposition says the government has used this as an excuse to keep up its bombardments. 
968069406998884352	2018-02-26 10:25:07	https://t.co/5fyXM5Wjs2	China's plans for President Xi Jinping to stay in power spark social media opposition https://t.co/5fyXM5Wjs2 https://t.co/58sBDHGcHD	 BEIJING (Reuters) - China’s plan for President Xi Jinping to remain in office indefinitely has sparked social media opposition, drawing comparisons to North Korea’s ruling dynasty and prompting a Hong Kong pro-democracy activist to accuse it of creating a dictator. The social media reaction late on Sunday quickly saw China swing into a concerted propaganda push by Monday, blocking some articles and publishing pieces praising the party. In Washington, the White House said it was up to China to decide whether to do away with presidential term limits. The ruling Communist Party on Sunday proposed to remove a constitutional clause limiting presidential service to just two terms in office, meaning Xi, who also heads the party and the military, might never have to retire. The proposal, which will be passed by delegates loyal to the party at next month’s annual meeting of China’s largely rubber-stamp parliament, is part of a package of amendments to the country’s constitution. It will also add Xi’s political thought to the constitution, already added to the party constitution last year, and set a legal framework for a super anti-corruption superbody, as well as more broadly strengthen the party’s tight grip on power. But it seems the party will have its work cut out trying to convince some in China, where Xi is popular thanks in part to his war on graft, that the move will not end up giving him too much power. “Argh, we’re going to become North Korea,” wrote one Weibo user, where the Kim dynasty has ruled since the late 1940s. Kim Il Sung founded North Korea in 1948 and his family has ruled it ever since. “We’re following the example of our neighbour,’ wrote another user. The comments were removed late on Sunday after Weibo, China’s answer to Twitter, began blocking the search term“two term limit”. In an unusual step amid intense international media attention, China’s foreign ministry, which normally only comments on diplomatic matters, said amending the constitution was a matter for the Chinese people. Since 1954, when the constitution was first adopted, everybody can see that it has been“continuously improved”, spokesman Lu Kang told a daily news briefing. “I hope everyone can acknowledge the voice of all the Chinese people.” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told a regular briefing that President Donald Trump supported having term limits in the United States. But when it came to China,“that’s a decision for China to make about what’s best for their country,” she said. Earlier on Monday, Trump heaped praise on Xi for his help on North Korea. “I think that President Xi is unique,” Trump said, highlighting his relationship with the Chinese leader, but making no mention of the proposed changes. “China has really done more probably than they’ve ever done because of my relationship - we have a very good relationship,” Trump said.“We have a very good relationship. But President Xi is for China and I’m for the United States.” Trump has had a complex relationship with China since taking office last year, repeatedly threatening tough action against Beijing over trade and putting the countering of China, as well as Russia, at the center of a new defense strategy announced last month. At the same time, Trump has gone out of his way to praise Xi and stress the importance of their close relationship built up in one-on-one summit meetings. China’s widely read state-run newspaper, the Global Times, said in an editorial the change did not mean the country’s president will stay in office for ever, though it did not offer much explanation. “Since reform and opening up, China, led by the Communist Party, has successfully resolved and will continue to effectively resolve the issue of party and national leadership replacement in a law-abiding and orderly manner,” it said, referring to landmark economic reforms that began four decades ago. The party’s official People’s Daily reprinted a long article by Xinhua news agency saying most people supported the constitutional amendments, quoting a variety of people proffering support. “The broad part of officials and the masses say that they hoped this constitutional reform is passed,” it wrote. The WeChat account of the People’s Daily, after initially posting a flurry of positive comments under its article, then disabled the comments section completely late on Sunday. It was back again by Monday, complete with remarks lauding the party. The overseas edition of the same paper’s WeChat account removed entirely an article focusing on the term limits, replacing it with the lengthy Xinhua report summing up all the amendment proposals. In one confusing moment for many Chinese, Xinhua initially only reported the news in English. Jokes have also circulated on social media. One shows a picture of a condom in its wrapper under the words“doing it twice is not enough”. Others shared pictures of Winnie the Pooh, an internet meme that plays on Xi’s supposed likeness to the rotund cartoon bear, an image censors have repeatedly tried to remove. Parts of the stock market took heart from the news. Chinese speculators pounced on stocks with“emperor” in their name on Monday. The decision has also unsettled some in the Chinese territory of Hong Kong, where authorities have been trying to rein in a pro-democracy movement. “This move, which would allow for a single individual to amass and accumulate political power, means that China would again have a dictator as her head of state - Xi Jinping,” said Joshua Wong, one of the movement’s leaders. China is likely to see any such criticism as a plot against the party. “Every time China deliberates on reforms and key decisions, effect on public opinion is worth pondering,” the Global Times wrote.“Misinformation and external forces’ meddling will affect public opinion in China.” Still, on China’s streets, there was some support for Xi staying on. “I think in our country, nowadays, many policies, such as deepening reforms, need more continuity,” said Beijing resident Zhao Yisu, 42.“Particularly in politics, I believe stable leadership is good.” 
968068858128019456	2018-02-26 10:22:56	https://t.co/NwMDEx1foi	Polish minister says so-called 'Polokaust' museum won't be built https://t.co/NwMDEx1foi	 WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland’s deputy culture minister backed away on Monday from an academic’s proposal to build a so-called“Polokaust” museum for Polish victims of the Nazis, at a time when Warsaw faces international pressure over a law imposing jail terms for suggesting Polish complicity in the Holocaust. Poland’s nationalist ruling Law and Justice Party (PiS) says its measure passed this month, which imposes jail sentences of up to three years for those who suggest Poland was complicit in Nazi crimes, is necessary to protect the honor of their nation. Marek Kochan, a writer and academic, coined the term“Polokaust” earlier this month to suggest that Poles were similar targets of Nazi crimes as Jews, and said a museum should quickly be built to commemorate them. Last week, Deputy Culture Minister Jaroslaw Sellin backed the proposal. However, the idea drew criticism, including from the dean of the university where Kochan teaches, who called it harmful. On Monday Sellin rowed back, saying the idea would antagonize Jews. “It is a complete misunderstanding,” Sellin told Rzeczpospolita daily when asked if he wants the museum to be built. “Using the concept of‘Polokaust’ in a way I understand it would hurt Jewish sensitivity and unnecessarily provoke more tension between our nations. The Polokaust museum will not be built,” he also said. Israel and the United States have spoken out forcefully against the Holocaust law, which they say could criminalize truthful scholarship about the role some Poles played in German crimes. Opponents accuse the PiS of politicizing World War Two to build a nationalist sense of grievance among the population. More than 90 percent of the 3.2 million Jews living in pre-war Poland were murdered by the Nazis during their occupation of the country, accounting for about half of all Jews killed in the Holocaust. Jews from other parts of Europe were sent to be murdered at death camps such as Auschwitz and Treblinka, built and operated by Germans in Poland. The Nazis also killed 1.9 million non-Jewish Polish citizens, although there was never a plan to exterminate all of them, as there was with Jews. Sellin said that the law imposing jail terms for suggesting Poland was complicit in the Holocaust will not be used until the Constitutional Tribunal determines whether it is compatible with the constitution. The head of the Constitutional Tribunal, Julia Przylebska, has been appointed by the PiS. The European Union accuses Poland’s ruling party of breaching the rule of law to impose control over the judiciary. Many Poles believe their nation behaved honorably for the most part during the Holocaust. But research published since 1989 has sparked a painful debate about responsibility and reconciliation. A 2000-2004 inquiry by Poland’s state Institute of National Remembrance (IPN) found that on July 10, 1941, Nazi occupiers and local inhabitants colluded in a massacre of at least 340 Jews at Jedwabne. Some victims were burned alive after being locked inside a barn. The revelation disturbed many Poles’ belief that their country was fundamentally a victim during a war in which a fifth of the nation perished. Some Poles still refuse to acknowledge the IPN’s findings. 
968068137416617985	2018-02-26 10:20:04	https://t.co/wnbtP3N30y	The White House says any talks with North Korea must lead to an end to its nuclear program https://t.co/wnbtP3N30y https://t.co/qqDIqZehmv	 SEOUL/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said any talks with North Korea must lead to an end to its nuclear program after senior officials from Pyongyang visiting South Korea said on Sunday their government was open to talks with the United States. The North Korean delegation, in Pyeongchang for the closing ceremony of the Winter Olympics, met at an undisclosed location with South Korean President Moon Jae-in, and expressed a willingness to meet with the United States, Moon’s office said in a statement. The Pyongyang delegation said developments in relations between the two Koreas and between North Korea and the United States should go hand in hand, according to the statement. The Olympics gave a boost to recent engagement between the two Koreas after more than a year of sharply rising tensions over the North’s missile program and its sixth and largest nuclear test in defiance of U.N. sanctions. The United States announced on Friday it was imposing its largest package of sanctions aimed at getting North Korea to give up its nuclear and missile programs. On Sunday, North Korean state media accused the United States of provoking confrontation on the Korean peninsula with the sanctions. The White House said its sanctions would continue. “We will see if Pyongyang’s message today, that it is willing to hold talks, represents the first steps along the path to denuclearization,” the White House said in a statement. “In the meantime, the United States and the world must continue to make clear that North Korea’s nuclear and missile programs are a dead end,” it said. Moon, the North Korean delegation, and Ivanka Trump, U.S. President Donald Trump’s daughter, were among dignitaries who attended the Olympics closing ceremony on Sunday. Ivanka Trump, a senior White House adviser, did not interact with the North Korean delegation, a senior U.S. administration official said. She met Moon on Friday as part of a weekend trip leading the U.S. delegation to the closing ceremony. North Korea sent former military intelligence chief Kim Yong Chol, an official accused of being behind a deadly 2010 attack on a South Korean warship, to lead its delegation. The decision enraged the families of 46 sailors killed in the torpedo attack and threatened the mood of rapprochement that Seoul sought to create at what it called the“Peace Games.” North Korea has denied its involvement in the sinking. Moon met Kim in Pyeongchang, where the Olympics were held, before the closing ceremony, the South Korean government said. Earlier, about 100 conservative South Korean lawmakers and activists staged a sit-in near the border with North Korea, to protest Kim’s arrival and facing off against about 2,500 South Korean police. The North’s delegation took a different route, prompting the opposition Korea Liberty Party to accuse Moon’s administration of“abuse of power and an act of treason” by rerouting the motorcade to shield it from the protest. The North sent Kim Yo Jong, the younger sister of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, to the opening ceremony. She was the center of a frenzy of attention, especially when she appeared at the opening ceremony and was only a few feet from U.S. Vice President Mike Pence. They did not speak. Kim Yo Jong and the North’s nominal head of state were the most senior North Korean officials to visit the South in more than a decade. The North Korean leader later said he wanted to create a“warm climate of reconciliation and dialogue.” The U.S. president, in announcing the new sanctions on Friday, warned of a“phase two” that could be“very, very unfortunate for the world” if the sanctions did not work. North Korea denounced the sanctions in a statement carried on its state media and said a blockade by the United States would be considered an act of war. China also reacted angrily, saying on Saturday the unilateral targeting of Chinese firms and people risked harming cooperation on North Korea. Moon won election last year promising to try to improve relations with the North. 
968067872500207616	2018-02-26 10:19:01	https://t.co/ghl9bEH755	Veteran commander vies for power in Libya's shifting sands https://t.co/ghl9bEH755	 TUNIS (Reuters) - When Khalifa Haftar flew to Tunis in September, the veteran commander and possible future leader of Libya brought masked troops armed with automatic rifles and grenade launchers in a show of force that drew censure from U.N. experts. In France, Italy and Tunisia, he also shook hands with ministers and presidents in gilded reception rooms, projecting a different image: that of a man preparing to convert the military gains of his Libyan National Army (LNA) into civilian power. Haftar casts himself as the person who can bring stability to Libya after years of conflict, ridding the OPEC member of Islamist militants and reining in migrant smuggling to Europe. Some of those who have worked with him describe him as a divisive military man with little time for politics, who could try to reinstate authoritarian rule and bring more violence to a country where armed groups jealously guard local fiefdoms. A former ally of Muammar Gaddafi, Haftar, 75, returned to Libya seven years ago from the United States, to join the Nato-backed revolution that ended four decades of one-man rule. After a protracted military campaign in Libya’s second city, Benghazi, he has promised to“liberate” the capital Tripoli, split from the east since 2014. Elections, which the United Nations says could be organized by the end of the year despite major obstacles, may provide another route to power. Haftar seems to be hedging his bets. The LNA, he said last month, has“sleeper cells” it could activate to take full control of Libya while prioritizing a political solution to avoid bloodshed. “But our patience has limits”, he said in the interview published in French magazine Jeune Afrique, before adding that Libya was not“ripe for democracy”. Mohamed Buisier, a U.S.-based engineer who served as an advisor to Haftar from 2014-2016 before falling out with him, said Haftar wanted absolute power. “He wants to get to one of the big palaces in Tripoli and rule Libya - that is it,” he said. Haftar’s office said he did not immediately have time for an interview. ‘ARC OF HISTORY’ Among the officers who supported Gaddafi when he seized power from King Idris in 1969, Haftar was disowned by Gaddafi after he was captured leading Libyan forces in Chad in 1987. He settled outside Washington D.C. in Virginia and returned to Libya only as the revolt against Gaddafi was gathering pace. “He was there at the beginning with Gaddafi … he was abandoned by Gaddafi, he left Libya for decades. He would like to see the arc of history corrected,” said Jonathan Winer, a former U.S. special envoy to Libya who met Haftar in 2016. After Gaddafi was overthrown and eventually killed, Haftar dropped from view, resurfacing in February 2014 with a televised statement pledging to rescue a country mired in instability. In May that year, he launched“Operation Dignity” in Benghazi, merging his irregular forces with army troops and pitting himself against both Islamist militants whom he blamed for a wave of bombings and assassinations in the port city, and an armed alliance that took control of Tripoli soon after. An internationally recognized parliament relocated to eastern Libya and appointed Haftar army chief in 2015, but it was not until early 2016, amid reports of support from foreign states including Egypt and the United Arab Emirates, that Haftar started gaining the upper hand in his Benghazi campaign. Haftar has rejected the United Nations-backed transitional Government of National Accord (GNA) set up in Tripoli in 2016 as fighting raged in Benghazi, dismissing it as unelected and beholden to the capital’s militias. “I’m reaching out to General Haftar once every week to ask him for a meeting,” former U.N. Libya envoy Martin Kobler said in an interview in July 2016.“But it takes two to dance a tango.” The GNA stalled amid political splits and Haftar gained ground from the east, seizing and reopening several key oil ports southeast of Benghazi in September 2016, and replacing elected mayors with military appointees. By 2017, his international profile was firmly on the rise. In January he was given a tour of a Russian aircraft carrier in the Mediterranean. In July, two weeks after appearing on TV in a starched white uniform to declare victory in Benghazi, newly elected President Emmanuel Macron hosted him in Paris alongside GNA head Fayez Seraj. Senior Western officials began regular visits to Haftar’s base at Rajma, near Benghazi. Oil output, mostly of it from fields under LNA control where foreign firms including Hess Corp, Marathon Oil Corp, ConocoPhillips, Eni, OMV, and Wintershall have holdings, rose above 1 million barrels per day (bpd). Giant posters of Haftar in Benghazi declared:“I promised and I delivered.” Supporters launched a petition calling on Haftar, now a field marshal, to take national power, and claimed to have gathered hundreds of thousands of signatures. On the ground, however, things were more complicated. The oil ports were briefly retaken by Haftar’s rivals and fighting in Benghazi dragged on for months after the victory declaration. The International Criminal Court (ICC) indicted Mahmoud al-Werfalli, a special forces commander attached to the LNA, for allegedly overseeing the summary execution of several dozen prisoners. Derna, about 250 km (155 miles) northeast, remains under the control of a coalition of Islamists and other local fighters, despite LNA encirclement and air raids. Rivalries have surfaced between the special forces, mainstream army units, local youths who fought alongside the LNA, and ultraconservative Salafist brigades that have gained power and influence under Haftar, said Mohamed Eljarh, an analyst based in eastern Libya. “These people don’t see eye to eye,” he said.“After Benghazi has been declared liberated, basically the common enemy has gone. So now, these differences are coming alive.” Foreign support for Haftar has also wavered, Western diplomats say. Russia has printed money for him and hosted him in Moscow, but has also built ties with his rivals in western Libya with an eye on energy and arms contracts lost in 2011. U.N. monitors said in a confidential report seen by Reuters that Haftar’s display of armed muscle in Tunis amounted“a serious violation of the arms embargo” on Libya. Western officials say he has the formality of Soviet-trained officers of his generation and question his engagement with politics. “His script is basically security comes first, politics comes later,” said one foreign visitor who was received several times by Haftar, and spoke on condition of anonymity. Some diplomats suggest the promise of national polls could contain Haftar, even though with a lack of a unifying candidate or updated election laws, it is far from clear how they can be held. But they also doubt his commitment to civilian rule. “He is not a convinced democrat,” said one foreign envoy, adding that Haftar had told him that he intended to run.“He accepts elections as an acceptable way to do it, provided he will be the winner.” Buisier said Haftar has surrounded himself with ultra-loyal advisors and relatives, including two of his sons, Saddam and Khaled, who were given military ranks and a brigade to command. Some of the commander’s inner circle accused Busier of supporting Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, the late leader’s most prominent son, whose whereabouts are unclear but is viewed by Haftar as a potential rival, the former advisor said. Several other Haftar allies have defected, including a former spokesman and the GNA’s defense minister. Ahmed al-Mismari, the LNA’s spokesman, said 90 percent of the force was made up of regular soldiers, denied reports that it was dependent on foreign support, and asserted that the armed escort brought to Tunis was for personal protection and was cleared with Tunisian authorities. The LNA supported elections, and had declared its“full readiness to secure them”, he said. 
968065114816569344	2018-02-26 10:08:03	https://t.co/b6uTIeASZU	Could Corbyn's EU customs union support be a major defeat for PM Theresa May? https://t.co/b6uTIeASZU #Brexit https://t.co/TCBvwxyOzS	 COVENTRY, England (Reuters) - Britain should enter a new customs union with the European Union, Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said on Monday, setting up a possible parliamentary defeat for Prime Minister Theresa May who has vowed to leave the arrangement after Brexit. After months watching May’s Conservatives voice deep divisions on the EU without committing himself to a clear vision of life outside the bloc, Corbyn said he wanted a“bespoke” customs union with exemptions for Britain on a number of issues. But his proposals, like those set out by May last week and derided by a senior EU official as“pure illusion”, could fall flat in Brussels where officials have ruled out“cherry picking” market access without accepting all the rules. “Labour would seek to negotiate a new comprehensive UK-EU customs union to ensure that there are no tariffs with Europe and to help avoid any need for a hard border in Northern Ireland,” Corbyn told students and local politicians at Coventry University in central England. He gave as an example the Mini,“one of Britain’s most iconic brands”, manufactured by Germany’s BMW (BMWG.DE). The product, he said, crosses the English Channel“three times in a 2,000-mile journey before the finished car rolls off the production line”, underlining the importance of a“frictionless supply chain”. “But we are also clear that the option of a new UK customs union with the EU would need to ensure the UK has a say in future trade deals ... Labour would not countenance a deal that left Britain as a passive recipient of rules decided elsewhere by others. That would mean ending up as mere rule takers.” By leaving the single market, Britain would no longer have to accept unlimited immigration from the EU - one of the main issues that drove many people to vote for Brexit at a referendum in 2016. The proposed customs union would cover only goods, not the services that are a vital part of Britain’s economy and exports currently given free access to the single market. A spokesman for the European Commission declined to comment but one diplomat said on condition of anonymity:“Corbyn’s speech is most welcome but he cannot expect the EU single market to become the cherry on his‘new cake’.” A Labour source said there was no“plan B” if the EU rejected the plan under which the party would press for“protections, clarifications or exemptions where necessary” for privatisation, public service competition directives, state aid and procurement rules. The CBI, the leading business lobby, said a customs union would“help grow trade without accepting freedom of movement or payments to the EU”, but it added:“businesses have their eyes wide open on Labour’s overall rhetoric on re-nationalisation”. Corbyn showed no sign of backing away from those plans, saying he could not accept EU competition rules for sectors such as the Royal Mail,“a natural monopoly”, or the bloc’s rules that dictated during the nationalisation of Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS.L) the sale of its“best parts”. The next election is due in 2022, so the 68-year-old socialist may never get to the negotiating table before Britain leaves the EU. But by defining a clearer position on the trading relationship, he has set up a possible win in parliament. Eight Conservative rebels have backed an amendment to proposed trade legislation that seeks to bind the government into being in a customs union with the EU. The vote, expected later this year, could be tight: May holds a working majority of 13 seats and, while British media said between 10 and 15 of her party might rebel, some pro-Brexit Labour MPs are expected to vote with the government. “I appeal to MPs of all parties to be prepared to put the people’s interests before the ideological fantasies, join us in supporting the option of a new UK customs union with the EU that would give us a say in future trade agreements,” Corbyn said. While defeat would be a challenge to May, some of her rebels have played down talk of a government collapse, and any changes could be reversed later in the legislative process. Trade Secretary Liam Fox said the government would delay the vote partly to gain more time to convince its MPs to vote with the government. May is due to set out her latest vision for Britain’s post-Brexit relationship with the EU in a speech on Friday, following a special cabinet meeting on Thursday when she will also meet European Council President Donald Tusk who last week called her ideas on future trade ties“pure illusion”. Labour is narrowly ahead in opinion polls, but, like the Conservatives, remains deeply divided on Brexit and has no appetite for a second referendum on EU membership. The party’s divisions were exposed over the weekend when more than 80 senior members called on Corbyn, a long time critic of the EU, to commit to remaining in the bloc’s single market. “The European Union is not the root of all our problems and leaving it will not solve all our problems. Likewise, the EU is not the source of all enlightenment and leaving it does not inevitably spell doom for our country,” Corbyn said to applause. “The truth is more down to earth and it’s in our hands.” 
968064619192422400	2018-02-26 10:06:05	https://t.co/kLRCsMRoFt	Slovak investigative journalist killed at home: report https://t.co/kLRCsMRoFt	 PRAGUE (Reuters) - A Slovak journalist shot dead with his girlfriend was probably targeted for his investigative work, police said on Monday, a case that has shocked the small central European country and highlighted public concerns about corruption. Jan Kuciak, 27, had reported for the news site Aktuality.sk on fraud cases, often involving businessmen with connections to Slovakia’s ruling party and other politicians. He and his girlfriend were found dead on Sunday at his home in Velka Maca, 65 km (40 miles) east of the capital Bratislava. Aktuality’s publisher Axel Springer condemned the “cruel assassination” of its journalist while the international group Reporters Without Borders (RSF) said it was appalled. Slovakia’s leaders promised to bring the perpetrators to justice, with the government offering a 1 million euro reward for information leading to an arrest. “It seems that the most likely version is a motive connected to the investigative work of the journalist,” Slovak police chief Tibor Gaspar told a televised news conference. Kuciak’s last story for Aktuality, on Feb. 9, looked at transactions by firms linked to businessman Marian Kocner and connected to a Bratislava luxury apartment complex that became the center of a political scandal last year. Kocner could not be reached for comment on Monday but told the Slovak public broadcaster he had no connection to the case. A long-time Bratislava-based investigative journalist, Tom Nicholson, told the news sits Dennik N that he had spoken to Kuciak a week ago about a case they both were looking at involving suspected Italian mafia abuse of EU funds in Slovakia. “If it is proven that the death of the investigative reporter was connected with his journalistic work, it would be an unprecedented attack on freedom of speech and democracy in Slovakia,” Prime Minister Robert Fico said. Slovakia’s economy has boomed and living standards have risen sharply since it joined the European Union in 2004, but many Slovaks say their country still fails to defend the rule of law, especially in punishing corruption and cronyism. The case connected to the apartment complex helped touch off protests in 2017 seeking the resignation of Interior Minister Robert Kalinak over business dealings with property developer Ladislav Basternak, who has been investigated over possible tax fraud. Both have denied wrongdoing in their dealings. “We are shocked and stunned about the news that Jan Kuciak and his companion obviously have been the victims of a cruel assassination,” publisher Ringier Axel Springer Slovakia said in a statement. It said there were “justified suspicions” that the murder was connected to Kuciak’s “current research”, but declined to say what that research involved. A group of 14 editors-in-chief of Slovak publications released a statement calling on the state to solve the case and help to safeguard journalists’ work. Fico convened an emergency meeting with Kalinak, the attorney general, the national chief of police and the head of the state intelligence service. Kuciak’s killing dismayed EU officials, coming a few months after Malta’s best-known investigative journalist, Daphne Caruana Galizia, was killed by a car bomb. “Shocked by the murder of a journalist in the EU. No democracy can survive without the free press, which is why journalists deserve respect and protection,” deputy European Commission chief Frans Timmermans tweeted. “Justice must be served.” 
968063480497606661	2018-02-26 10:01:34	https://t.co/F4d2ZEylac	South Korea's Moon urges action against growing #MeToo sex abuse claims https://t.co/F4d2ZEylac	 SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean President Moon Jae-in on Monday called for police to investigate a growing number of sexual abuse claims as the #MeToo campaign ensnares a growing number of high-profile figures, including entertainers and a priest. The #MeToo movement has taken off belatedly in male-dominated South Korea where discussion of sexual misconduct has long been taboo. The country ranked 118 out of 144 for gender equality last year, according to the World Economic Forum. The case that help spark the movement in South Korea moved forward on Monday, with former deputy minister for criminal affairs at the Justice Ministry Ahn Tae-geun saying he would“faithfully cooperate” with prosecutors investigating claims that he groped a subordinate in 2010. “Gender violence is an issue of a social structure that allows the powerful to sexually oppress or easily wield violence against the weak,” Moon said at a meeting with aides.“I applaud those who had the courage to tell their stories.” The campaign was triggered by accusations by dozens of women against U.S. film producer Harvey Weinstein of sexual misconduct, including rape, triggering a wider scandal that has roiled Hollywood and beyond. Weinstein has denied non-consensual sex with anyone. In recent days, a number of South Korean entertainers have been forced to respond to allegations of misconduct, including Lee Yoon-taek, artistic director of one of South Korea’s top theater groups. He publicly apologized for harassing young actresses but denied allegations of rape. Actor and university professor Cho Min-ki stepped down from his teaching position and left a role in a new TV series after facing harassment allegations, according to an official at the actor’s former talent agency. Will Entertainment, Cho’s talent agency for two years, on Monday parted ways with the actor. Cho was not immediately available for comment. Actor Cho Jae-hyun issued a statement on Saturday apologizing for his wrongdoings after detailed sexual harassment allegations against him became public. Comedian Oh Dal-su issued a statement on Monday denying allegations he harassed a young actress in the 1990s. “The claim against me is not true,” Oh said in a statement cited by South Korean media. Oh and his talent agency were not immediately available for comment. The #MeToo campaign led the Catholic Diocese of Suwon to suspend a senior priest on Friday for alleged abuse against a parishioner during a mission in South Sudan in 2011. “Our parish somberly apologizes for clerical abuse and we will ensure to create the environment where all female churchgoers are respected and treated with dignity,” the church said in a statement. The priest has not been charged. 
968056160992530432	2018-02-26 09:32:29	https://t.co/7PlwRAN8ge	Bulldozing Rohingya villages was not 'demolition of evidence', Myanmar official says https://t.co/7PlwRAN8ge	 YANGON (Reuters) - Myanmar has bulldozed the remains of Rohingya Muslim villages to make way for refugee resettlement, not to destroy evidence of atrocities, an official leading reconstruction efforts in the troubled northern state of Rakhine said on Monday. Last week, New York-based Human Rights Watch said it had analyzed satellite imagery showing Myanmar had flattened at least 55 villages in Rakhine, including two that appeared to be intact before heavy machinery arrived. The group said the demolitions could have erased evidence of atrocities by security forces in what the United Nations and the United States have called an ethnic cleansing campaign against the stateless Rohingya minority. A military crackdown prompted by Rohingya insurgents’ attacks on 30 police posts and an army base on Aug. 25 drove 688,000 people from their villages and across the border into Bangladesh, many of them recounting killings, rape and arson by Myanmar soldiers and police. Myanmar has denied most allegations and asked for more evidence of abuses, while denying independent journalists, human rights monitors and UN-appointed investigators access to the conflict zone. De facto leader Aung San Suu Kyi in October set up the Union Enterprise for Humanitarian Assistance, Resettlement and Development (UEHRD) to lead the domestic response. Veteran economist Aung Tun Thet, who is the chairman of the body, said villages were being bulldozed to make it easier for the government to resettle refugees as near as possible to their former homes. “There’s no desire to get rid of the so-called evidence,” he told reporters on Monday, responding to the allegations of demolition of evidence. “What we have intended (is) to ensure that the buildings for the people that return can be easily built,” he added. Aung Tun Thet also said Myanmar would do its best to make sure repatriation under an agreement signed with Bangladesh in November would be“fair, dignified and safe”. In a speech to the Human Rights Council in Geneva, United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres restated his call for Myanmar to“ensure unfettered humanitarian access in Rakhine State”. The United Nations suspended activities in northern Rakhine and evacuated non-critical staff after the government suggested it had supported Rohingya insurgents last year. The U.N. refugee agency has been excluded from the repatriation process. “The Rohingya community desperately needs immediate, life-saving assistance, long-term solutions and justice,” Guterres said on Monday. 
968056160883564545	2018-02-26 09:32:29	https://t.co/1alMqG3mf6	Death of Chinese rights lawyer raises suspicions https://t.co/1alMqG3mf6	 BEIJING (Reuters) - A well-known Chinese rights lawyer died suddenly in hospital of liver failure on Monday, a source told Reuters, sparking suspicion over the death of someone who was previously detained, did not drink alcohol and“looked fine” earlier this month. Li Baiguang, a Christian human rights lawyer who had met regularly with high-level officials in the United States, died at the Number 81 People’s Liberation Army Hospital in Nanjing, eastern China, a source with direct knowledge of the case told Reuters. “After a sudden outbreak of illness, the efforts to save him failed, and he passed away. He had not done a health check recently, so we do not know if there was a long-term cause,” the source said, requesting anonymity due to the sensitivity of the case. The hospital where Li died declined to comment, saying it could not divulge personal details of patients. In 2008, Li was given an award by the National Endowment for Democracy, a Washington-based nonprofit organization funded largely by the U.S. Congress, for his work defending arrested Christian pastors. Li is survived by his wife and eight-year-old son. Bob Fu, a U.S.-based Chinese-American who was a close friend, said the death appeared suspicious, given a number of high-profile rights activists have died from liver failure while in custody in recent years. Li had been detained by the authorities before, including in October last year, but it was unclear if he had been questioned by authorities more recently and he was not in detention when taken ill, Fu said. “Li did not drink alcohol and he did not smoke. For someone’s liver to fail overnight at the age of 49 is highly unbelievable,” he said. Li looked“perfectly fine” earlier this month on a visit to Washington, where he had met U.S. officials, Fu said. China’s public security ministry did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Li’s case or allegations of neglect. China has vowed to tackle problems of forced confessions, physical abuse and torture in its criminal justice system. It also regularly rejects criticisms of its human rights record, saying that China is a country with rule of law. In 2017, ill-treatment by the Chinese authorities may have directly contributed to the deaths of Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo and rights activist Yang Tongyan, according to a report released on Monday by the Hong Kong-based advocacy group Chinese Human Rights Defenders. 
968055599496859648	2018-02-26 09:30:15	https://t.co/isMNGM1Acp	Airbus, Delta, telecom companies form alliance for in-flight internet https://t.co/isMNGM1Acp https://t.co/EAG3iOQDKG	 (Reuters) - European planemaker Airbus SE and U.S.-based Delta Air Lines Inc have formed an alliance with U.S. wireless carrier Sprint Corp, satellite startup OneWeb backed by Japan’s SoftBank, and India’s Bharti Airtel Ltd to develop in-flight 5G services, the companies said. The alliance, referred to as“Seamless Air Alliance,” aims to let mobile operators provide services to airline customers through satellite technology, the companies said in a statement. Financial terms of the arrangement were not disclosed. Sprint will be launching its 5G network next year, the company’s Chief Commercial Officer Dow Draper said on Monday. Delta said Gogo, its existing partner and in-flight connectivity provider, will also join the alliance. 
968054158040485888	2018-02-26 09:24:31	https://t.co/uuaQQyFuoI	South Sudan food survey sees 155,000 in famine within months https://t.co/uuaQQyFuoI	 JUBA (Reuters) - South Sudan is close to another famine, aid officials said on Monday, after more than four years of civil war and failed ceasefires in the world’s youngest nation. Almost two-thirds of the population will need food aid this year to stave off starvation and malnutrition as aid groups prepare for the“toughest year on record”, members of a working group including South Sudanese and U.N. officials said. “The situation is extremely fragile, and we are close to seeing another famine. The projections are stark. If we ignore them, we’ll be faced with a growing tragedy,” said Serge Tissot, from the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization in South Sudan. A total of 5.3 million people, 48 percent of the population, are already in“crisis” or“emergency” - stages three and four on a five point scale, according to a survey published by the working group. The oil-rich east African nation has been torn apart by an ethnically charged civil war since late 2013, when troops loyal to President Salva Kiir and then-Vice President Riek Machar clashed. Since then, more than 4 million people have been forced to flee their homes, creating Africa’s larges refugee crisis since the 1994 Rwandan genocide. The U.N. declared a famine in two districts in February, but said that crisis had started to ease in June last year. “We are expecting to face the toughest year on record,” U.N. Humanitarian Coordinator Alain Noudehou told a press conference in the South Sudanese capital Juba. Records for South Sudan began when it declared independence from Sudan in July, 2011. 
968052104601497600	2018-02-26 09:16:21	https://t.co/FPslnmcsCt	'Hell on earth' in Syria's eastern Ghouta must end: Guterres https://t.co/FPslnmcsCt	 GENEVA (Reuters) - United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres called on Monday for warring sides to implement a 30-day ceasefire across Syria, in line with an appeal by major powers at the weekend. U.N. aid agencies are ready to deliver life-saving aid and evacuate critically wounded from the rebel-held Damascus enclave of eastern Ghouta, where 400,000 people have been living under siege, Guterres said. “Eastern Ghouta cannot wait, it is high time to stop this hell on earth,” Guterres told the U.N. Human Rights Council, which opened its main four-week annual session in Geneva. U.N. human rights chief Zeid Ra’ad al-Hussein said air strikes on eastern Ghouta were continuing on Monday morning. 
968052104597311489	2018-02-26 09:16:21	https://t.co/bLTNtMOt9o	Death of Chinese rights lawyer in custody raises suspicions https://t.co/bLTNtMOt9o	 BEIJING (Reuters) - A well-known Chinese rights lawyer died suddenly in hospital of liver failure on Monday, a source told Reuters, sparking suspicion over the death of someone who was previously detained, did not drink alcohol and“looked fine” earlier this month. Li Baiguang, a Christian human rights lawyer who had met regularly with high-level officials in the United States, died at the Number 81 People’s Liberation Army Hospital in Nanjing, eastern China, a source with direct knowledge of the case told Reuters. “After a sudden outbreak of illness, the efforts to save him failed, and he passed away. He had not done a health check recently, so we do not know if there was a long-term cause,” the source said, requesting anonymity due to the sensitivity of the case. The hospital where Li died declined to comment, saying it could not divulge personal details of patients. In 2008, Li was given an award by the National Endowment for Democracy, a Washington-based nonprofit organization funded largely by the U.S. Congress, for his work defending arrested Christian pastors. Li is survived by his wife and eight-year-old son. Bob Fu, a U.S.-based Chinese-American who was a close friend, said the death appeared suspicious, given a number of high-profile rights activists have died from liver failure while in custody in recent years. Li had been detained by the authorities before, including in October last year, but it was unclear if he had been questioned by authorities more recently and he was not in detention when taken ill, Fu said. “Li did not drink alcohol and he did not smoke. For someone’s liver to fail overnight at the age of 49 is highly unbelievable,” he said. Li looked“perfectly fine” earlier this month on a visit to Washington, where he had met U.S. officials, Fu said. China’s public security ministry did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Li’s case or allegations of neglect. China has vowed to tackle problems of forced confessions, physical abuse and torture in its criminal justice system. It also regularly rejects criticisms of its human rights record, saying that China is a country with rule of law. In 2017, ill-treatment by the Chinese authorities may have directly contributed to the deaths of Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo and rights activist Yang Tongyan, according to a report released on Monday by the Hong Kong-based advocacy group Chinese Human Rights Defenders. 
968050782691057664	2018-02-26 09:11:06	https://t.co/FCiL1bsrzO	Italy's uncertain election: Five questions on investors' minds https://t.co/FCiL1bsrzO https://t.co/A7XBYwQIyI	 LONDON (Reuters) - Investors are feeling sanguine ahead of Italy’s March 4 election. The economy is strengthening and anti-euro sentiment is waning in the single-currency bloc. But the vote has the potential to throw them a curve ball. The election is on the same day as Germany finds out the results of a ballot of Social Democrat party members on a coalition deal with Chancellor Angela Merkel’s conservatives. The outcome could seal or end Merkel’s hopes for a fourth term in office. The German result is also important for southern European countries including Italy since a new coalition is expected to take a more pro-European stance and a conciliatory approach to fiscal policies in the bloc. Here are five key questions for investors. 1. What’s the most likely outcome of Italy’s election and what would it mean for investors? The latest polls point to a hung parliament, where no one party or coalition has a majority to form a government. If this happens, Italian President Sergio Mattarella, will call on parties to form a broader coalition of pre-election adversaries. This could include the ruling centre-left Democratic Party and Silvio Berlusconi’s Forza Italia. For a full interactive graphic on the election polls: tmsnrt.rs/2oluYph (For a graphic showing Latest poll results, click here: reut.rs/2CH5Xte) Analysts see a hung parliament, leading to a broad coalition that includes mainstream parties, as the most positive market outcome because it could result in political stability and policy continuity on Europe. Even in this situation, any uncertainty over the government’s make-up could lead to short-term volatility. Analysts at BNY Mellon say political uncertainty in general has become a key force for major currency markets in the past year and“serious attention” needs to be paid to Italy’s election. 2/ What could take markets by surprise? This election takes place under a new, untested voting system introduced last year, which makes the outcome particularly uncertain. It is possible that a coalition of centre-right parties, leading in the polls, will win a majority of its own. One surprise would be a centre-right victory, with the eurosceptic League as the biggest party, possibly enabling its leader to become prime minister. Success for the League, which calls the euro a“failed currency,” could revive euro break-up fears and widen the gap between Italian and German bond yields. An election outcome that allows the League or the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement to have a central role in government may have the same effect. And if a government is not formed, fresh elections cannot be ruled out. (For a graphic showing Italian stocks lag EU peers, click here: reut.rs/2CFATK3) (For a graphic showing Markets price lower risk of default, click here: reut.rs/2CEwE1m) 3/ What about Germany’s SPD ballot results? The result of the vote, key to ending five months of uncertainty in Europe’s biggest economy, is wide open. A‘yes’ vote from 464,000 Social Democrat (SPD) members on whether the centre-left party should join Merkel’s conservatives in government would allow a new coalition to press ahead with crucial European Union reforms. A‘no’ vote would either trigger new elections or bring in a minority government, which would then have to seek ad hoc alliances to pass legislation. That would prolong political uncertainty and hurt business sentiment. It would also be a shock for southern European debt markets. These rallied after the coalition agreement as the deal was seen heralding a shift towards looser purse strings in Berlin and a pro-European stance.. “If we assume that the coalition goes through as planned, there might be changes in policy and more co-operation in Europe which for us as investors is positive,” said J Patrick Bradley, senior vice president, investment research at Brandywine Global. (For a graphic showing No sweat for Italy's bond markets, click here: reut.rs/2CExJGs) 4/ Will the winner of Italy’s election tackle the debt pile? Probably not. Whatever Italy’s next government looks like, the chances that it will push through long-term term structural reforms to improve Italy’s economic performance or to tackle the country’s debt pile, are low. At 132 percent of GDP, Italy has the European Union’s worst debt ratio after Greece. In fact election pledges could worsen the situation - Bank of Italy Governor Ignazio Visco has cautioned that parties’ pledges to slash taxes and hike spending could prove counterproductive since the problem of high debt“cannot be sidestepped.” That could increasingly bring investors to view Italy as the euro zone’s weak link, making Italian assets vulnerable at times of market uncertainty or during the withdrawal of European Central Bank stimulus. (For a graphic showing Growth in Italy remains below pre-crisis levels, click here: reut.rs/2ENolqa) 5/ What does this mean for ECB monetary policy? At the margins, a thumbs-up for Germany’s coalition deal will suggest modest fiscal expansion, adding in turn to better growth and higher inflation. That could hasten the end of the cheap-money era and keep upward pressure on borrowing costs. If Italy’s election too passes without major ructions, it will remove a layer of political risk from the calendar and reinforce the case for unwinding ECB stimulus. Focus can then turn to the next ECB chief, a post that changes hands next year. While speculation is of a German - possibly the hawkish Bundesbank chief Jens Weidmann - taking the reins after the departure of“southerner” Mario Draghi - Germany’s Social Democrats say they have not discussed backing Weidmann for the role. But any negative surprise outcome from Italy or Germany could encourage the ECB to keep asset purchases in place beyond their September end-date, in turn prompting investors to rethink the timing of rate rises. (For a graphic showing Money markets bring forward bets on timing of ECB rate hikes, click here: reut.rs/2ELrF54) 
968045848335716352	2018-02-26 08:51:30	https://t.co/iVBQGQX8C1	Turkey requested extradition of Syrian Kurdish leader from Czech Republic: spokesman https://t.co/iVBQGQX8C1	 PRAGUE (Reuters) - A Czech court will rule on Tuesday whether former Syrian Kurdish PYD leader Saleh Muslim will be held in custody pending extradition proceedings requested by Turkey, which accuses him of several crimes, officials said. Muslim was detained in Prague at the weekend and the court will either set him free or allow for a 40-day detention, during which time Turkey can deliver its extradition request. A spokeswoman of the Prague Municipal Court said the hearing would take place on Tuesday morning. Turkey’s ambassador to Prague Ahmet Necati said Muslim was wanted for aggravated murder as well as disrupting the integrity of the state. Necati said he hoped Muslim would be kept in custody. “Our wish is that the court decides for the arrest... the Turkish government and the Turkish public opinion follow very closely these developments,” he told reporters. “If the court decides to release this person... in my personal opinion it will mean support for terrorism. It would not be good for bilateral relations between Turkey and the Czech Republic which are excellent at the time being.” Turkey launched a military offensive last month in Syria’s Afrin region against the Kurdish YPG militia, the PYD’s armed affiliate, which it deems a menace on its border. Muslim formerly headed the PYD, the major component of a coalition that governs Kurdish-held autonomous parts of northern Syria, including Afrin. Ankara sees the PYD and YPG as extensions of the outlawed Kurdish PKK movement, which has waged a decades-long insurgency on Turkish soil - though the groups say they are independent. If Muslim is held in preliminary custody and Turkey delivers an extradition request, Czech courts will decide whether to grant the request. If they permit extradition, the final call will be with the justice minister, Robert Pelikan. Saleh’s arrest took place after he had traveled to other European countries earlier this month. He took part in a demonstration in Switzerland and a Kurdish news website also quoted him speaking at an event in Brussels on Feb. 15. The PYD party said on Sunday that Muslim, had“full citizenship rights” as a Syrian national and was visiting Europe in an official capacity. The party accused the Turkish state of“demanding the arrest of individuals who are not its citizens ... without any legal justifications”. A Turkish government spokesman said earlier it expected Muslim to appear in court on Monday. 
968043898361798656	2018-02-26 08:43:45	https://t.co/hgII0ZpHBK	China leader's top economic adviser heads to the U.S. for trade talks https://t.co/hgII0ZpHBK	 BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping’s top economic adviser, Liu He, will visit the United States this week, China’s Foreign Ministry said on Monday, at a time of tension between the two countries over trade. Liu will be in the United States from Feb. 27 to March 3, ministry spokesman Lu Kang told a daily news briefing. Views will be exchanged“on China-U.S. relations and the two countries’ economic and trade cooperation”, the spokesman said, confirming reports from the United States on the trip, but without giving other details. Liu, a Harvard-trained economist and trusted confidant of President Xi, has emerged as the front-runner to be the next governor of China’s central bank, according to sources with knowledge of the situation. Xi’s top adviser on economic policy is also expected to become vice premier overseeing the Chinese economy, part of a government reshuffle coinciding with the annual meeting of China’s parliament that opens on March 5 and is likely to last about two weeks. A senior U.S. official said last week that there will be discussions on trade disputes with Liu when he visits Washington. On the U.S. side, the talks will be led by President Donald Trump’s trade envoy, Robert Lighthizer. The discussions will take place as Donald Trump considers new tariffs on steel imports. Trump has long sought a way to a more balanced trade relationship with China and threatened to impose a big“fine” against China to protect American intellectual property. The U.S. official said Trump had been discussing imposing a global tariff on imports of steel from China and other countries. The U.S. Commerce Department on Feb. 16 recommended that Trump impose stiff curbs on steel imports from China and other countries and offered the president several options, ranging from global and country-specific tariffs to broad import quotas. A blanket tariff on steel would cover every steel and aluminum product entering the United State market from China, the world’s largest steel producer. 
968042974864134145	2018-02-26 08:40:05	https://t.co/bHfgA3wsTf	Commentary: Even in world’s oldest democracies, citizens may be losing control https://t.co/bHfgA3wsTf https://t.co/JFJiOUHVGa	 We know by now what illiberal democracies are. They are countries like Russia, Hungary and Poland, where the formal rules of democratic elections are preserved – though at times with credible claims of vote-rigging, especially in Russia – but where an authoritarian government so dominates the political and social space, so weakens the institutions of civil society, the news media, and the academy, and so plays on popular fears of foreigners and internal minorities, that choice is effectively skewed in one direction. They are illiberal, it’s often claimed, because there is no depth to the democracy. When democratic procedures were adopted by the Eastern and Central European states following the collapse of communist rule in the Soviet Union and the countries of the Soviet bloc from the end of the 1980s, they were overlaid on populations with no previous experience of civic participation, and little understanding of democratic principles. Few of these states have had any more than a brief and often crisis-ridden experience of a polity in which democracy, rule of law and respect for independent institutions were the norm. Today, it seems, old spectres are emerging from their temporary entombment, as anti-Semitism rises again, and recent social and sexual shifts in both law and public opinion in Western states – such as acceptance of same-sex marriages – are shunned. But there’s a new descriptive phrase for our present condition, which is disorienting for those of us who live in societies which do have a substantial democratic history. It is “undemocratic liberalism,” and it comes, like much else that is new, from a Harvard professor, Yascha Mounk, whose book, “People vs. Democracy,” portrays the power of the electorate – assumed to be the final decider in Western societies – as increasingly undercut by special interests and elite maneuvering. In an article for The Atlantic, boldly titled “America is Not a Democracy,” Mounk, citing recent research by political scientists Martin Gilens and Benjamin Page, argued that “economic elites and narrow interest groups … succeeded in getting their favored policies adopted about half of the time…as for the views of ordinary citizens, they had virtually no independent effect at all.” The claim has received dismal underpinning this past week. The massacre of 17 people at a Florida high school caused an outcry by those Americans who support more gun control. A Gallup poll late last year found that a majority of Americans support stronger gun control and, though it is unlikely to be placated by President Trump’s suggestion that teachers be armed, it is unlikely to prevail, once this latest tragedy recedes from memories. Another Harvard professor, Dani Rodrik, has taken Mounk’s conclusion a step further: he believes that bureaucracy and technocracy are now replacing meaningful democratic decision-making. The European Union, he writes, is a prime example of this phenomenon: “decision-making increasingly takes place at considerable distance from the public…the Brexiteers’ call to ‘take back control’ captured the frustration many European voters feel.” The U.S. gun lobby and the National Rifle Association – which was a major contributor to President Trump’s campaign – are perennial and common targets for liberals. But Mounk’s and Rodrik’s warnings point to liberal elites (such as that which created and runs the EU) – economists, financial institutions, policy institutions and even academics – as well.“When elites have sufficient power,” writes Rodrik, “they have little interest in reflecting the preferences of the public at large.” The Brexit campaign was conducted under the slogan of“Take Back Control,” one that seemed to resonate strongly enough to obtain a majority in a country where most politicians and nearly all experts (though not most of the news media) were arguing for Remain (in the EU). Taking back control, for people everywhere, is a message in a bottle which they can fill with their own meaning: for it is a condition of our contemporary lives that control seems to be what we are losing. For an older generation – and for many in all generations – the advent of and our increasing envelopment within a digital universe is deeply puzzling. A UK poll in September 2016 showed that nine out of ten citizens did not know what companies did with the data they had (sometimes unknowingly) shared when they conducted transactions on the internet. A bewildering array of threats to one’s privacy enter into our lives through social media – local and personal examples of the alleged Russian invasions of election campaigns in North America and Europe. Discussion of the future revolves increasingly around dystopian visions, such as that put forth by Yuval Harari in Homo Deus, which describes a world where a minority of human “gods,” possessed of enormously augmented capacities which artificial intelligence (AI) has bequeathed them, rule the majority of the ignorant masses. “Once artificial intelligence surpasses human intelligence,” Harari writes, “it might simply exterminate mankind.” At a few steps back from our fate at the hands of machines we’ve fashioned are the forecasts of mass unemployment – also a result of artificial intelligence, the kind which drives our cars (before killing us). Influential voices – such as Moshe Vardi, professor of computational engineering at Rice University, and the theoretical physicist Stephen Hawking – forecast tens of millions of jobs lost: this time, it seems, the substitution of old work by new work won’t…work. What to make of this? Though AI may, in the pessimists’ view, may eventually make every kind of job, from carpenter to consultant, obsolete, it’s the working-class jobs that will go first. Self-driving trucks will throw truckers out of millions of cabs: are there enough hamburgers to flip to take up the slack (and will hamburger-flipping anyway not already be done by bright young robots?) Thus those who already feel least in control of their lives and the world around them now believe a world still more radically insecure awaits them and their children – even if the latter get a university education. From the way in which our supposedly democratic societies function, to the future of our children and ourselves, someone – or something – now seems to have pre-empted our efforts to freely choose, and to have stilled our voices. The often well-meaning substitution by technology of human actions and voices which, together, had caused or demanded change is the underlying political dilemma of our times. Our current quandary is vast, complex and demanding of radical solutions – just when politics seem at their weakest. 
968040503227879424	2018-02-26 08:30:15	https://t.co/JF9fQ9qfzf	Commentary: How to stop social media from supercharging hate speech https://t.co/JF9fQ9qfzf https://t.co/OPHkgZ3ehr	 Donald Trump’s retweets of anti-Muslim videos first circulated by an anti-immigrant, far-right British party were just the tip of the iceberg. From Myanmar to the United States, controversial posts by political leaders and public figures have sparked a growing and increasingly global debate about how social media may be facilitating the spread of hatred and discrimination. But this discussion is only the latest in a larger debate that is as old as the internet itself: who should decide the limits of freedom of expression online, and how should they do it? We have come a long way from the days when Facebook, YouTube and Twitter were hailed as enablers of free speech and democracy. Such platforms have undeniably helped to democratize the public sphere. Individuals can amass tens of thousands of followers, and earn millions of views, without relying on the media, public relations agencies, or governments. Activists can organize, disseminate information and mobilize more effectively than ever before. It is a testament to the power of social media that many countries are imposing stricter controls or even blocking their access entirely. We must bear the positive aspects of that power in mind when we consider how best to tackle its flip side: the way social platforms can be used to spread abuse, vitriol and hatred more rapidly than ever before. In 2017, politicians in many countries deployed social media to spread hate-filled agendas. Amnesty International’s latest annual report on the state of the world’s human rights documents a global rise in state-sponsored hate, and chronicles the variety of ways governments and leaders are increasingly peddling hateful rhetoric and policies that seek to demonize already marginalized groups; President Trump’s transparently-hateful travel ban on citizens from half a dozen Muslim-majority countries was one of the most prominent examples. As access to social media expands worldwide, it is increasingly being used by governments to promote hateful rhetoric, to control their citizens, and to silence any opposition. From xenophobic statements by politicians against LGBTI and Roma people in Bulgaria, anti-Rohingya propaganda posted on Facebook by senior military officers and government spokespeople in Myanmar, and the use of troll networks against government critics in the Philippines, those in power are learning how to use social media as yet another tool of repression. These findings present many dilemmas. To what extent are social media companies such as Facebook and Twitter – who have responded only belatedly to the torrent of hate speech and“fake news”– at fault? Should governments take action? What can we do to preserve the good that social media can offer while countering its more corrosive effects? There are no simple answers. The right to free expression protects ideas that many people find offensive, and there are many instances where racist, sexist, xenophobic or other hateful material is not prohibited under human rights law. Nevertheless, freedom of expression comes with responsibilities, and there are cases under human rights law – such as incitement to violence or child sex abuse imagery – where it can legitimately be restricted. Complexities tend to arise because the definition of“offense” is always subjective: one person’s free speech is another’s vicious diatribe. Any attempt at regulation must also consider the fact that the right to be able to say things to which others – including those in positions of power – will vehemently object is one of the foundations of an open society. Take that away and you take away the free press and any kind of government accountability. For all their potential for abuse, social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter provide a space for expression and access to information that is much freer than anything available in the past. Yet, this freedom is fragile – for example, Amnesty’s research has shown that online abuse can have a silencing effect on its targets. So what’s the solution? There are three types of actions that can be taken to counter hate on social media and the internet more generally: legal enforcement, content moderation, and education. States should have in place laws that prohibit advocacy of hatred, and take legal action only in the very clearly-defined cases allowed by international human rights law. Specifically this is when there is a clear show of intent to incite others to discrimination, hostility or violence against a particular group. Nevertheless, many governments have threatened social media companies with strict rules on intermediary liability, which means that companies may be held liable for content posted on their platforms. The problem is that intermediary liability can easily be used to restrict freedom of expression and to force companies to censor their users for fear of legal consequences. Regardless of government regulation, companies have a responsibility to avoid causing or contributing to human rights harms. Content moderation by social media companies is therefore an important part of the solution: it does not require legislation and therefore does not open the doors to unjustified restrictions on freedom of expression. All major platforms have community standards and rules of conduct in place to deal with advocacy of hatred and discrimination, which would work well so long as they did not conflict with human rights law. Making them effective will require social media companies to consistently uphold these rules, and to devote sufficient resources to addressing violations. This means improving the tools available to users to report abusive content, employing and training content moderators, and measures to identify and restrict troll networks. It also requires transparency about the rate at which these rules and standards are violated, including information about types of abuse and actions taken. Reducing the spread of hate on social media also requires education. This is perhaps the most important intervention: legal enforcement and content moderation can only treat the symptoms of online abuse. Whether it is through school programs, or campaigns on social media itself, the only viable long-term way to reduce racism, sexism and bigotry online is by understanding and addressing the roots of discrimination and hate in our societies. 
968037755270942720	2018-02-26 08:19:20	https://t.co/dWGhHMm1N9	U.S., North Korea should lower threshold for talks, says South https://t.co/dWGhHMm1N9	 SEOUL/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - In the latest attempt to defuse the crisis over North Korea’s weapons program, South Korea urged Washington and Pyongyang to give ground to allow for talks and U.S. President Donald Trump reiterated he would negotiate with North Korea, but only under the right conditions. “Recently, North Korea has shown it is open to actively engaging the United States in talks and the United States is talking about the importance of dialogue,” South Korean President Moon Jae-in said during a meeting in Seoul with Chinese Vice Premier Liu Yandong. “There is a need for the United States to lower the threshold for talks with North Korea, and North Korea should show it is willing to denuclearize. It’s important the United States and North Korea sit down together quickly,” he said, according to a statement from his office. South Korea, a close U.S. ally, has engaged in a flurry of talks with North Korean officials since January, hoping to use the South’s just-concluded Winter Olympics as a catalyst for rapprochement. But the United States has insisted that any future talks with North Korea must be aimed at that country’s denuclearization, something Pyongyang has rejected. North Korea on Sunday expressed willingness for dialogue, Seoul says. Trump, who has been pushing a global sanctions campaign against North Korea to force it to give up development of nuclear missiles capable of hitting the United States, reiterated that he would like to have talks with Pyongyang, but only if the conditions were right. “They want to talk. We want to talk also, only under the right conditions. Otherwise we’re not talking,” Trump said while hosting a meeting with state governors at the White House. “We’ll see what happens. That’s my attitude, we’ll see what happens.” Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un have exchanged taunts that have raised fears of war, and Trump last August threatened to go beyond sanctions by threatening“fire and fury” although his administration says it prefers a diplomatic solution to the crisis. On Friday, Washington announced its largest package of sanctions yet on North Korea, and Trump warned of a“phase two” that could be“very, very unfortunate for the world” if the steps did not work - an apparent reference to military options his administration says remain on the table. In another reference to the risk of war, Trump added on Monday:“We’re talking about tremendous potential loss of lives, numbers that nobody’s even contemplated, never thought of.” On Monday, Trump praised Chinese President Xi Jinping’s support of U.N. sanctions and repeated accusations that Russia was stepping in to provide North Korea with items China used to provide. “I think that President Xi is unique. He’s helping us with North Korea,” Trump said, crediting the relationship he has built up with the Chinese leader. “And Russia is behaving badly because Russia is sending in what China is taking out. So China’s doing pretty good numbers, but Russia is now sending a lot of stuff. But I think they want to see it come to an end also, I think everybody does.” North Korea has condemned the new sanctions and accused Washington of trying to undermine the improvement in inter-Korean relations. A high-level delegation from North Korea has been visiting Seoul and meeting South Korean officials, including Moon, after attending the Olympics’ closing ceremony on Sunday. South Korea said the delegation told Moon that North Korea was open to talks with Washington. The North Koreans attended a dinner hosted by Unification Minister Cho Myong-gyon, where participants agreed to keep working to boost inter-Korean ties. Unification Ministry spokesman Baik Tae-hyun said he hoped constructive talks between North Korea and the United States could begin when“an appropriate opportunity” arose. The North Korean delegation, led by former military intelligence chief Kim Yong Chol, met Chung Eui-yong, security adviser for the presidential Blue House, and other South Korean government officials for lunch on Monday. Kim Yong Chol has been accused by South Korea of being behind the sinking of a South Korean warship in 2010 that killed 46 sailors and has been the subject of protests since his visit was announced. North Korea has denied the allegations. “Both sides agreed to work together for permanent peace on the Korean peninsula, sustainable relations between North and South Korea and balanced cooperation with the international society,” the South’s presidential office said in a statement. 
968032046219218944	2018-02-26 07:56:39	https://t.co/S4GVJeKzX8	Mexico presidency candidate denies corruption accusations https://t.co/S4GVJeKzX8 https://t.co/HGv7mbJWOb	 MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - One of the leading opposition contenders for the Mexican presidency in July’s election on Sunday rejected corruption allegations against him, and accused the government of trying to smear his campaign, which is running second in most polls. Ricardo Anaya, candidate of a right-left coalition, presented the attorney general’s office with a letter denying allegations by rivals that he had benefited from illicit property deals in Queretaro, his home state in central Mexico. At the center of the dispute is the purchase and sale of real estate in an industrial park in Queretaro between 2014 and 2016. Anaya said the deals were completely legitimate, setting out the various transactions in a video posted on social media. “Everything I’ve done has been legal, and above all, 100 percent transparent,” Anaya said in the video. On Wednesday, the attorney general’s office issued a short statement saying that a complaint had been filed last October by an unnamed party about suspected operations involving illicit funds, prompting an investigation to be launched. The statement did not detail who was involved. However, Anaya said that the investigation targeted his property deal and was an attempt to damage his reputation and help the candidate of the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). The PRI’s presidential candidate is former finance minister Jose Antonio Meade, but his campaign has struggled to gain traction. Recent polls have shown Meade losing ground to Anaya and the leftist front-runner, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador. Tit-for-tat accusations of corruption between the government and the opposition have been intensifying in recent months. Much of the attention has focused on media investigations showing how federal auditors over several years detected irregularities worth millions of dollars in the accounts of ministries run by Rosario Robles, the minister for agrarian, land and urban development. Robles has denied any wrongdoing, but the allegations have hurt the PRI, which has long been tainted by corruption. On Sunday, congressman Jesus Zambrano of the center-left Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD), which forms part of Anaya’s coalition, urged the finance ministry to explain the irregularities that occurred under Robles’s watch. The run-up to the election has also been marred by violence, with deadly attacks on several local politicians and activists. The PRI on Sunday condemned the killing in Guerrero state of Dulce Rebaja Pedro, a contender for the state congress whose body was found near the city of Chilapa, local media said. 
968026826340818946	2018-02-26 07:35:55	https://t.co/idvJ3LqIHN	Top economic adviser to China's Xi to visit U.S. this week https://t.co/idvJ3LqIHN	 BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping’s top economic adviser, Liu He, will visit the United States this week, China’s Foreign Ministry said on Monday, at a time of tension between the two countries over trade. Liu will be in the United States from Feb. 27 to March 3, ministry spokesman Lu Kang told a daily news briefing. Views will be exchanged“on China-U.S. relations and the two countries’ economic and trade cooperation”, the spokesman said, confirming reports from the United States on the trip, but without giving other details. Liu, a Harvard-trained economist and trusted confidant of President Xi, has emerged as the front-runner to be the next governor of China’s central bank, according to sources with knowledge of the situation. Xi’s top adviser on economic policy is also expected to become vice premier overseeing the Chinese economy, part of a government reshuffle coinciding with the annual meeting of China’s parliament that opens on March 5 and is likely to last about two weeks. A senior U.S. official said last week that there will be discussions on trade disputes with Liu when he visits Washington. On the U.S. side, the talks will be led by President Donald Trump’s trade envoy, Robert Lighthizer. The discussions will take place as Donald Trump considers new tariffs on steel imports. Trump has long sought a way to a more balanced trade relationship with China and threatened to impose a big“fine” against China to protect American intellectual property. The U.S. official said Trump had been discussing imposing a global tariff on imports of steel from China and other countries. The U.S. Commerce Department on Feb. 16 recommended that Trump impose stiff curbs on steel imports from China and other countries and offered the president several options, ranging from global and country-specific tariffs to broad import quotas. A blanket tariff on steel would cover every steel and aluminum product entering the United State market from China, the world’s largest steel producer. 
968026731763453952	2018-02-26 07:35:32	https://t.co/MueqJh3i9U	Apple moves to store iCloud keys in China, raising human rights fears https://t.co/MueqJh3i9U https://t.co/LpGjS1dobp	 SAN FRANCISCO/BEIJING (Reuters) - When Apple Inc begins hosting Chinese users’ iCloud accounts in a new Chinese data center at the end of this month to comply with new laws there, Chinese authorities will have far easier access to text messages, email and other data stored in the cloud. That’s because of a change to how the company handles the cryptographic keys needed to unlock an iCloud account. Until now, such keys have always been stored in the United States, meaning that any government or law enforcement authority seeking access to a Chinese iCloud account needed to go through the U.S. legal system. Now, according to Apple, for the first time the company will store the keys for Chinese iCloud accounts in China itself. That means Chinese authorities will no longer have to use the U.S. courts to seek information on iCloud users and can instead use their own legal system to ask Apple to hand over iCloud data for Chinese users, legal experts said. Human rights activists say they fear the authorities could use that power to track down dissidents, citing cases from more than a decade ago in which Yahoo Inc handed over user data that led to arrests and prison sentences for two democracy advocates. Jing Zhao, a human rights activist and Apple shareholder, said he could envisage worse human rights issues arising from Apple handing over iCloud data than occurred in the Yahoo case. In a statement, Apple said it had to comply with recently introduced Chinese laws that require cloud services offered to Chinese citizens be operated by Chinese companies and that the data be stored in China. It said that while the company’s values don’t change in different parts of the world, it is subject to each country’s laws. “While we advocated against iCloud being subject to these laws, we were ultimately unsuccessful,” it said. Apple said it decided it was better to offer iCloud under the new system because discontinuing it would lead to a bad user experience and actually lead to less data privacy and security for its Chinese customers. As a result, Apple has established a data center for Chinese users in a contractual arrangement with state-owned firm Guizhou - Cloud Big Data Industry Co Ltd. The firm was set up and funded by the provincial government in the relatively poor southwestern Chinese province of Guizhou in 2014. The Guizhou company has close ties to the Chinese government and the Chinese Communist Party. The Apple decision highlights a difficult reality for many U.S. technology companies operating in China. If they don’t accept demands to partner with Chinese companies and store data in China then they risk losing access to the lucrative Chinese market, despite fears about trade secret theft and the rights of Chinese customers. Apple says the joint venture does not mean that China has any kind of“backdoor” into user data and that Apple alone – not its Chinese partner – will control the encryption keys. But Chinese customers will notice some differences from the start: their iCloud accounts will now be co-branded with the name of the local partner, a first for Apple. And even though Chinese iPhones will retain the security features that can make it all but impossible for anyone, even Apple, to get access to the phone itself, that will not apply to the iCloud accounts. Any information in the iCloud account could be accessible to Chinese authorities who can present Apple with a legal order. Apple said it will only respond to valid legal requests in China, but China’s domestic legal process is very different than that in the U.S., lacking anything quite like an American“warrant” reviewed by an independent court, Chinese legal experts said. Court approval isn’t required under Chinese law and police can issue and execute warrants. “Even very early in a criminal investigation, police have broad powers to collect evidence,” said Jeremy Daum, an attorney and research fellow at Yale Law School’s Paul Tsai China Center in Beijing. “(They are) authorized by internal police procedures rather than independent court review, and the public has an obligation to cooperate.” Guizhou - Cloud Big Data and China’s cyber and industry regulators did not immediately respond to requests for comment. The Guizhou provincial government said it had no specific comment. There are few penalties for breaking what rules do exist around obtaining warrants in China. And while China does have data privacy laws, there are broad exceptions when authorities investigate criminal acts, which can include undermining communist values,“picking quarrels” online, or even using a virtual private network to browse the Internet privately. Apple says the cryptographic keys stored in China will be specific to the data of Chinese customers, meaning Chinese authorities can’t ask Apple to use them to decrypt data in other countries like the United States. Privacy lawyers say the changes represent a big downgrade in protections for Chinese customers. “The U.S. standard, when it’s a warrant and when it’s properly executed, is the most privacy-protecting standard,” said Camille Fischer of the Electronic Frontier Foundation. Apple has given its Chinese users notifications about the Feb. 28 switchover to the Chinese data center in the form of emailed warnings and so-called push alerts, reminding users that they can choose to opt out of iCloud and store information solely on their device. The change only affects users who set China as their country on Apple devices and doesn’t affect users who select Hong Kong, Macau or Taiwan. Apple doesn’t require an iCloud account to set up and use an iPhone. But if the user enables iCloud during set up, the default settings on the iPhone will automatically create an iCloud back-up. Apple declined to comment on whether it would change its default settings to make iCloud an opt-in service, rather than opt-out, for Chinese users. Apple said it will not switch customers’ accounts to the Chinese data center until they agree to new terms of service and that more than 99.9 percent of current users have already done so. Until now, Apple appears to have handed over very little data about Chinese users. From mid-2013 to mid-2017, Apple said it did not give customer account content to Chinese authorities, despite having received 176 requests, according to transparency reports published by the company. By contrast, Apple has given the United States customer account content in response to 2,366 out of 8,475 government requests. Those figures are from before the Chinese cyber security laws took effect and also don’t include special national security requests in which U.S. officials might have requested data about Chinese nationals. Apple, along with other companies, is prevented by law from disclosing the targets of those requests. Apple said requests for data from the new Chinese datacenter will be reflected in its transparency reports and that it won’t respond to“bulk” data requests. Human rights activists say they are also concerned about such a close relationship with a state-controlled entity like Guizhou-Cloud Big Data. Sharon Hom, executive director of Human Rights in China, said the Chinese Communist Party could also pressure Apple through a committee of members it will have within the company. These committees have been pushing for more influence over decision making within foreign-invested companies in the past couple of years. (Corrects paragraph 7 to read“contractual arrangement” instead of“joint venture”; corrects to show that Apple does not require an iCloud account to set up an iPhone) 
968024564864311297	2018-02-26 07:26:55	https://t.co/DVscTyXyAw	Four dead after blast destroys shop and home in English city of Leicester https://t.co/DVscTyXyAw	 LEICESTER, England (Reuters) - At least four people were killed and four more injured when a blast destroyed a convenience store and a home in the central English city of Leicester on Sunday, British police said. The blast ripped through the building at about 1900 GMT, turning a shop on the ground floor and a two-storey apartment above it into rubble. “There are four confirmed fatalities at this stage and a number of people still undergoing treatment in hospital,” Leicestershire Police Superintendent Shane O’Neill said. “We believe there may be people who have not yet been accounted for and rescue efforts continue in order to locate any further casualties.” He said there was no immediate indication that the explosion was linked to terrorism. Pictures and videos showed flames leaping into the sky from the site, with rubble strewn across the street. “We heard this massive explosion, the shop window six doors away vibrated and we thought it can’t be a car accident, it didn’t sound like a crash,” local resident Harrish Patni told Sky News.“We came outside and there was a big cloud of smoke, bricks all across the road.” Local media reported that the shop was believed to be a Polish grocery store. Investigators were working to determine the cause of the blast, O’Neill said, while specialist rescue teams including search dogs were on the scene looking for any more survivors and further casualties. 
968023557350612994	2018-02-26 07:22:55	https://t.co/Ot7snpZ51y	Leicestershire police says four dead in explosion https://t.co/Ot7snpZ51y	 (Reuters) - Leicestershire police on Monday said four people died in an explosion at a property in Leicester on Sunday night, while four others remained in the hospital. An explosion destroyed a convenience store and a home in the central English city of Leicester on Sunday, injuring at least six people, officials said earlier. "We believe there may be people who have not yet been accounted for and rescue efforts continue in order to locate any further casualties," Leicestershire police superintendent Shane O'Neill said. bit.ly/2HMtzQX Pictures and videos posted on social media on Sunday had showed flames leaping into the sky from the site which was reduced to rubble. The cause of the explosion and fire is yet to be determined and emergency services are at the scene searching the collapsed property and conducting enquiries in the area, the statement said. 
968023161219485696	2018-02-26 07:21:21	https://t.co/rB49iGb9QP	Major quake cuts communications, halts oil and gas operations in Papua New Guinea https://t.co/rB49iGb9QP https://t.co/Hu2gA8oEwZ	 WELLINGTON/MELBOURNE (Reuters) - At least one company began evacuating non-essential personnel after a powerful 7.5 magnitude earthquake hit Papua New Guinea’s energy-rich interior on Monday, causing landslides, damaging buildings and closing oil and gas operations. The tremor hit in the rugged, heavily forested Southern Highlands about 560 km (350 miles) northwest of the capital, Port Moresby, at around 3.45 a.m. local time (1545 GMT Sunday), according to the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS). A spokesman at Papua New Guinea’s National Disaster Centre said by telephone the affected area was very remote and the agency could not properly assess damage until communication was re-established. He said there were no confirmed casualties, although the International Red Cross (IRC) in Papua New Guinea said some reports indicated there were“fears of human casualties”. “It’s very serious all across the Southern Highlands and also all over the western highlands. People are definitely very frightened,” Udaya Regmi, the head of the IRC in Papua New Guinea, said by telephone from Port Moresby. The PNG government also said it had sent disaster assessment teams. At least 13 aftershocks with a magnitude of 5.0 or more rattled the area throughout the day, according to USGS data, but no tsunami warnings were issued. Early on Tuesday, USGS reported that another quake with a magnitude of 6.4 had hit 142 km (88 miles) from the city of Mount Hagen at a depth of about 10 km. (For a graphic on Papua New Guinea's 7.5 magnitude earthquake, click tmsnrt.rs/2ow1YLR) “The Papua New Guinea Defense Force has also been mobilized to assist with the assessment and the delivery of assistance to affected people as well as the restoration of services and infrastructure,” Isaac Lupari, the chief secretary to the government, said in a statement after Monday’s tremor. ExxonMobil said it had shut its Hides gas conditioning plant and that it believed administration buildings, living quarters and a mess hall had been damaged. It also said it had suspended flights into the nearby Komo airfield until the runway could be surveyed. “Due to the damage to the Hides camp quarters and continuing aftershocks, ExxonMobil PNG is putting plans in place to evacuate non-essential staff,” the company said in an emailed statement. Gas is processed at Hides and transported along a 700 km (435 miles) line that feeds a liquefied natural gas plant near Port Moresby for shipping. PNG oil and gas explorer Oil Search (OSH.AX) said in a statement it had also shut production in the quake-affected area. The giant Grasberg copper mine operated by the Indonesian unit of Freeport McMoRan (FCX.N) in neighboring Papua province was not affected, a Jakarta-based spokesman said. However, the quake and several aftershocks caused panic in Jayapura, the capital of Indonesian Papua, Indonesia’s disaster mitigation agency said in a statement, but there were no reports of casualties or damage there. The IRC’s Regmi said communications were“completely down” in Tari, one of the larger settlements near the quake’s epicenter, and that landslides had cut roads. Several other aid and missionary agencies said poor communications in the area made damage and injury assessment difficult. “The bush structures that they build tend to handle earthquakes extremely well,” Christian missionary Brandon Buser told Reuters after contacting several remote villages by shortwave radio. Earthquakes are common in Papua New Guinea, which sits on the Pacific’s“Ring of Fire”, a hotspot for seismic activity due to friction between tectonic plates. “This is the Papuan fold-and-thrust belt, so it’s a typical movement of faults in that region, but it’s big,” said Chris McKee, acting director of the Geohazards Management Division in Port Moresby. Part of PNG’s northern coast was devastated in 1998 by a tsunami, generated by a 7.0 quake, which killed about 2,200 people. 
968003649380200448	2018-02-26 06:03:49	https://t.co/SJ6vmbcJLU	China pushes back against criticism of plan for Xi to stay in power https://t.co/SJ6vmbcJLU	 BEIJING (Reuters) - China’s plan for President Xi Jinping to remain in office indefinitely has sparked social media opposition, drawing comparisons to North Korea’s ruling dynasty and prompting a Hong Kong pro-democracy activist to accuse it of creating a dictator. The social media reaction late on Sunday quickly saw China swing into a concerted propaganda push by Monday, blocking some articles and publishing pieces praising the party. In Washington, the White House said it was up to China to decide whether to do away with presidential term limits. The ruling Communist Party on Sunday proposed to remove a constitutional clause limiting presidential service to just two terms in office, meaning Xi, who also heads the party and the military, might never have to retire. The proposal, which will be passed by delegates loyal to the party at next month’s annual meeting of China’s largely rubber-stamp parliament, is part of a package of amendments to the country’s constitution. It will also add Xi’s political thought to the constitution, already added to the party constitution last year, and set a legal framework for a super anti-corruption superbody, as well as more broadly strengthen the party’s tight grip on power. But it seems the party will have its work cut out trying to convince some in China, where Xi is popular thanks in part to his war on graft, that the move will not end up giving him too much power. “Argh, we’re going to become North Korea,” wrote one Weibo user, where the Kim dynasty has ruled since the late 1940s. Kim Il Sung founded North Korea in 1948 and his family has ruled it ever since. “We’re following the example of our neighbour,’ wrote another user. The comments were removed late on Sunday after Weibo, China’s answer to Twitter, began blocking the search term“two term limit”. In an unusual step amid intense international media attention, China’s foreign ministry, which normally only comments on diplomatic matters, said amending the constitution was a matter for the Chinese people. Since 1954, when the constitution was first adopted, everybody can see that it has been“continuously improved”, spokesman Lu Kang told a daily news briefing. “I hope everyone can acknowledge the voice of all the Chinese people.” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told a regular briefing that President Donald Trump supported having term limits in the United States. But when it came to China,“that’s a decision for China to make about what’s best for their country,” she said. Earlier on Monday, Trump heaped praise on Xi for his help on North Korea. “I think that President Xi is unique,” Trump said, highlighting his relationship with the Chinese leader, but making no mention of the proposed changes. “China has really done more probably than they’ve ever done because of my relationship - we have a very good relationship,” Trump said.“We have a very good relationship. But President Xi is for China and I’m for the United States.” Trump has had a complex relationship with China since taking office last year, repeatedly threatening tough action against Beijing over trade and putting the countering of China, as well as Russia, at the center of a new defense strategy announced last month. At the same time, Trump has gone out of his way to praise Xi and stress the importance of their close relationship built up in one-on-one summit meetings. China’s widely read state-run newspaper, the Global Times, said in an editorial the change did not mean the country’s president will stay in office for ever, though it did not offer much explanation. “Since reform and opening up, China, led by the Communist Party, has successfully resolved and will continue to effectively resolve the issue of party and national leadership replacement in a law-abiding and orderly manner,” it said, referring to landmark economic reforms that began four decades ago. The party’s official People’s Daily reprinted a long article by Xinhua news agency saying most people supported the constitutional amendments, quoting a variety of people proffering support. “The broad part of officials and the masses say that they hoped this constitutional reform is passed,” it wrote. The WeChat account of the People’s Daily, after initially posting a flurry of positive comments under its article, then disabled the comments section completely late on Sunday. It was back again by Monday, complete with remarks lauding the party. The overseas edition of the same paper’s WeChat account removed entirely an article focusing on the term limits, replacing it with the lengthy Xinhua report summing up all the amendment proposals. In one confusing moment for many Chinese, Xinhua initially only reported the news in English. Jokes have also circulated on social media. One shows a picture of a condom in its wrapper under the words“doing it twice is not enough”. Others shared pictures of Winnie the Pooh, an internet meme that plays on Xi’s supposed likeness to the rotund cartoon bear, an image censors have repeatedly tried to remove. Parts of the stock market took heart from the news. Chinese speculators pounced on stocks with“emperor” in their name on Monday. The decision has also unsettled some in the Chinese territory of Hong Kong, where authorities have been trying to rein in a pro-democracy movement. “This move, which would allow for a single individual to amass and accumulate political power, means that China would again have a dictator as her head of state - Xi Jinping,” said Joshua Wong, one of the movement’s leaders. China is likely to see any such criticism as a plot against the party. “Every time China deliberates on reforms and key decisions, effect on public opinion is worth pondering,” the Global Times wrote.“Misinformation and external forces’ meddling will affect public opinion in China.” Still, on China’s streets, there was some support for Xi staying on. “I think in our country, nowadays, many policies, such as deepening reforms, need more continuity,” said Beijing resident Zhao Yisu, 42.“Particularly in politics, I believe stable leadership is good.” 
967999474898489347	2018-02-26 05:47:14	https://t.co/pUiBKk3De0	Major quake cuts communications, halts oil and gas operations in Papua New Guinea https://t.co/pUiBKk3De0	 WELLINGTON/MELBOURNE (Reuters) - At least one company began evacuating non-essential personnel after a powerful 7.5 magnitude earthquake hit Papua New Guinea’s energy-rich interior on Monday, causing landslides, damaging buildings and closing oil and gas operations. The tremor hit in the rugged, heavily forested Southern Highlands about 560 km (350 miles) northwest of the capital, Port Moresby, at around 3.45 a.m. local time (1545 GMT Sunday), according to the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS). A spokesman at Papua New Guinea’s National Disaster Centre said by telephone the affected area was very remote and the agency could not properly assess damage until communication was re-established. He said there were no confirmed casualties, although the International Red Cross (IRC) in Papua New Guinea said some reports indicated there were“fears of human casualties”. “It’s very serious all across the Southern Highlands and also all over the western highlands. People are definitely very frightened,” Udaya Regmi, the head of the IRC in Papua New Guinea, said by telephone from Port Moresby. The PNG government also said it had sent disaster assessment teams. At least 13 aftershocks with a magnitude of 5.0 or more rattled the area throughout the day, according to USGS data, but no tsunami warnings were issued. Early on Tuesday, USGS reported that another quake with a magnitude of 6.4 had hit 142 km (88 miles) from the city of Mount Hagen at a depth of about 10 km. (For a graphic on Papua New Guinea's 7.5 magnitude earthquake, click tmsnrt.rs/2ow1YLR) “The Papua New Guinea Defense Force has also been mobilized to assist with the assessment and the delivery of assistance to affected people as well as the restoration of services and infrastructure,” Isaac Lupari, the chief secretary to the government, said in a statement after Monday’s tremor. ExxonMobil said it had shut its Hides gas conditioning plant and that it believed administration buildings, living quarters and a mess hall had been damaged. It also said it had suspended flights into the nearby Komo airfield until the runway could be surveyed. “Due to the damage to the Hides camp quarters and continuing aftershocks, ExxonMobil PNG is putting plans in place to evacuate non-essential staff,” the company said in an emailed statement. Gas is processed at Hides and transported along a 700 km (435 miles) line that feeds a liquefied natural gas plant near Port Moresby for shipping. PNG oil and gas explorer Oil Search (OSH.AX) said in a statement it had also shut production in the quake-affected area. The giant Grasberg copper mine operated by the Indonesian unit of Freeport McMoRan (FCX.N) in neighboring Papua province was not affected, a Jakarta-based spokesman said. However, the quake and several aftershocks caused panic in Jayapura, the capital of Indonesian Papua, Indonesia’s disaster mitigation agency said in a statement, but there were no reports of casualties or damage there. The IRC’s Regmi said communications were“completely down” in Tari, one of the larger settlements near the quake’s epicenter, and that landslides had cut roads. Several other aid and missionary agencies said poor communications in the area made damage and injury assessment difficult. “The bush structures that they build tend to handle earthquakes extremely well,” Christian missionary Brandon Buser told Reuters after contacting several remote villages by shortwave radio. Earthquakes are common in Papua New Guinea, which sits on the Pacific’s“Ring of Fire”, a hotspot for seismic activity due to friction between tectonic plates. “This is the Papuan fold-and-thrust belt, so it’s a typical movement of faults in that region, but it’s big,” said Chris McKee, acting director of the Geohazards Management Division in Port Moresby. Part of PNG’s northern coast was devastated in 1998 by a tsunami, generated by a 7.0 quake, which killed about 2,200 people. 
967990125266423808	2018-02-26 05:10:04	https://t.co/x2kqB6x02b	Powerful quake hits central Papua New Guinea, disrupts oil and gas operations https://t.co/x2kqB6x02b	 WELLINGTON/MELBOURNE (Reuters) - At least one company began evacuating non-essential personnel after a powerful 7.5 magnitude earthquake hit Papua New Guinea’s energy-rich interior on Monday, causing landslides, damaging buildings and closing oil and gas operations. The tremor hit in the rugged, heavily forested Southern Highlands about 560 km (350 miles) northwest of the capital, Port Moresby, at around 3.45 a.m. local time (1545 GMT Sunday), according to the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS). A spokesman at Papua New Guinea’s National Disaster Centre said by telephone the affected area was very remote and the agency could not properly assess damage until communication was re-established. He said there were no confirmed casualties, although the International Red Cross (IRC) in Papua New Guinea said some reports indicated there were “fears of human casualties”. “It’s very serious all across the Southern Highlands and also all over the western highlands. People are definitely very frightened,” Udaya Regmi, the head of the IRC in Papua New Guinea, said by telephone from Port Moresby. The PNG government also said it had sent disaster assessment teams. At least 13 aftershocks with a magnitude of 5.0 or more rattled the area throughout the day, according to USGS data, but no tsunami warnings were issued. Early on Tuesday, USGS reported that another quake with a magnitude of 6.4 had hit 142 km (88 miles) from the city of Mount Hagen at a depth of about 10 km. (For a graphic on Papua New Guinea's 7.5 magnitude earthquake, click tmsnrt.rs/2ow1YLR) “The Papua New Guinea Defense Force has also been mobilized to assist with the assessment and the delivery of assistance to affected people as well as the restoration of services and infrastructure,” Isaac Lupari, the chief secretary to the government, said in a statement after Monday’s tremor. ExxonMobil said it had shut its Hides gas conditioning plant and that it believed administration buildings, living quarters and a mess hall had been damaged. It also said it had suspended flights into the nearby Komo airfield until the runway could be surveyed. “Due to the damage to the Hides camp quarters and continuing aftershocks, ExxonMobil PNG is putting plans in place to evacuate non-essential staff,” the company said in an emailed statement. Gas is processed at Hides and transported along a 700 km (435 miles) line that feeds a liquefied natural gas plant near Port Moresby for shipping. PNG oil and gas explorer Oil Search (OSH.AX) said in a statement it had also shut production in the quake-affected area. The giant Grasberg copper mine operated by the Indonesian unit of Freeport McMoRan (FCX.N) in neighboring Papua province was not affected, a Jakarta-based spokesman said. However, the quake and several aftershocks caused panic in Jayapura, the capital of Indonesian Papua, Indonesia’s disaster mitigation agency said in a statement, but there were no reports of casualties or damage there. The IRC’s Regmi said communications were “completely down” in Tari, one of the larger settlements near the quake’s epicenter, and that landslides had cut roads. Several other aid and missionary agencies said poor communications in the area made damage and injury assessment difficult. “The bush structures that they build tend to handle earthquakes extremely well,” Christian missionary Brandon Buser told Reuters after contacting several remote villages by shortwave radio. Earthquakes are common in Papua New Guinea, which sits on the Pacific’s “Ring of Fire”, a hotspot for seismic activity due to friction between tectonic plates. “This is the Papuan fold-and-thrust belt, so it’s a typical movement of faults in that region, but it’s big,” said Chris McKee, acting director of the Geohazards Management Division in Port Moresby. Part of PNG’s northern coast was devastated in 1998 by a tsunami, generated by a 7.0 quake, which killed about 2,200 people. 
967947005829025792	2018-02-26 02:18:44	https://t.co/RlYTqR9PB3	China launches propaganda push for Xi after social media criticism https://t.co/RlYTqR9PB3	 BEIJING (Reuters) - China’s plan for President Xi Jinping to remain in office indefinitely has sparked social media opposition, drawing comparisons to North Korea’s ruling dynasty and prompting a Hong Kong pro-democracy activist to accuse it of creating a dictator. The social media reaction late on Sunday quickly saw China swing into a concerted propaganda push by Monday, blocking some articles and publishing pieces praising the party. In Washington, the White House said it was up to China to decide whether to do away with presidential term limits. The ruling Communist Party on Sunday proposed to remove a constitutional clause limiting presidential service to just two terms in office, meaning Xi, who also heads the party and the military, might never have to retire. The proposal, which will be passed by delegates loyal to the party at next month’s annual meeting of China’s largely rubber-stamp parliament, is part of a package of amendments to the country’s constitution. It will also add Xi’s political thought to the constitution, already added to the party constitution last year, and set a legal framework for a super anti-corruption superbody, as well as more broadly strengthen the party’s tight grip on power. But it seems the party will have its work cut out trying to convince some in China, where Xi is popular thanks in part to his war on graft, that the move will not end up giving him too much power. “Argh, we’re going to become North Korea,” wrote one Weibo user, where the Kim dynasty has ruled since the late 1940s. Kim Il Sung founded North Korea in 1948 and his family has ruled it ever since. “We’re following the example of our neighbour,’ wrote another user. The comments were removed late on Sunday after Weibo, China’s answer to Twitter, began blocking the search term“two term limit”. In an unusual step amid intense international media attention, China’s foreign ministry, which normally only comments on diplomatic matters, said amending the constitution was a matter for the Chinese people. Since 1954, when the constitution was first adopted, everybody can see that it has been“continuously improved”, spokesman Lu Kang told a daily news briefing. “I hope everyone can acknowledge the voice of all the Chinese people.” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told a regular briefing that President Donald Trump supported having term limits in the United States. But when it came to China,“that’s a decision for China to make about what’s best for their country,” she said. Earlier on Monday, Trump heaped praise on Xi for his help on North Korea. “I think that President Xi is unique,” Trump said, highlighting his relationship with the Chinese leader, but making no mention of the proposed changes. “China has really done more probably than they’ve ever done because of my relationship - we have a very good relationship,” Trump said.“We have a very good relationship. But President Xi is for China and I’m for the United States.” Trump has had a complex relationship with China since taking office last year, repeatedly threatening tough action against Beijing over trade and putting the countering of China, as well as Russia, at the center of a new defense strategy announced last month. At the same time, Trump has gone out of his way to praise Xi and stress the importance of their close relationship built up in one-on-one summit meetings. China’s widely read state-run newspaper, the Global Times, said in an editorial the change did not mean the country’s president will stay in office for ever, though it did not offer much explanation. “Since reform and opening up, China, led by the Communist Party, has successfully resolved and will continue to effectively resolve the issue of party and national leadership replacement in a law-abiding and orderly manner,” it said, referring to landmark economic reforms that began four decades ago. The party’s official People’s Daily reprinted a long article by Xinhua news agency saying most people supported the constitutional amendments, quoting a variety of people proffering support. “The broad part of officials and the masses say that they hoped this constitutional reform is passed,” it wrote. The WeChat account of the People’s Daily, after initially posting a flurry of positive comments under its article, then disabled the comments section completely late on Sunday. It was back again by Monday, complete with remarks lauding the party. The overseas edition of the same paper’s WeChat account removed entirely an article focusing on the term limits, replacing it with the lengthy Xinhua report summing up all the amendment proposals. In one confusing moment for many Chinese, Xinhua initially only reported the news in English. Jokes have also circulated on social media. One shows a picture of a condom in its wrapper under the words“doing it twice is not enough”. Others shared pictures of Winnie the Pooh, an internet meme that plays on Xi’s supposed likeness to the rotund cartoon bear, an image censors have repeatedly tried to remove. Parts of the stock market took heart from the news. Chinese speculators pounced on stocks with“emperor” in their name on Monday. The decision has also unsettled some in the Chinese territory of Hong Kong, where authorities have been trying to rein in a pro-democracy movement. “This move, which would allow for a single individual to amass and accumulate political power, means that China would again have a dictator as her head of state - Xi Jinping,” said Joshua Wong, one of the movement’s leaders. China is likely to see any such criticism as a plot against the party. “Every time China deliberates on reforms and key decisions, effect on public opinion is worth pondering,” the Global Times wrote.“Misinformation and external forces’ meddling will affect public opinion in China.” Still, on China’s streets, there was some support for Xi staying on. “I think in our country, nowadays, many policies, such as deepening reforms, need more continuity,” said Beijing resident Zhao Yisu, 42.“Particularly in politics, I believe stable leadership is good.” 
967939291447021569	2018-02-26 01:48:05	https://t.co/qGFbWTvjIX	Mexico presidency candidate denies corruption accusations https://t.co/qGFbWTvjIX	 MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - One of the leading opposition contenders for the Mexican presidency in July’s election on Sunday rejected corruption allegations against him, and accused the government of trying to smear his campaign, which is running second in most polls. Ricardo Anaya, candidate of a right-left coalition, presented the attorney general’s office with a letter denying allegations by rivals that he had benefited from illicit property deals in Queretaro, his home state in central Mexico. At the center of the dispute is the purchase and sale of real estate in an industrial park in Queretaro between 2014 and 2016. Anaya said the deals were completely legitimate, setting out the various transactions in a video posted on social media. “Everything I’ve done has been legal, and above all, 100 percent transparent,” Anaya said in the video. On Wednesday, the attorney general’s office issued a short statement saying that a complaint had been filed last October by an unnamed party about suspected operations involving illicit funds, prompting an investigation to be launched. The statement did not detail who was involved. However, Anaya said that the investigation targeted his property deal and was an attempt to damage his reputation and help the candidate of the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). The PRI’s presidential candidate is former finance minister Jose Antonio Meade, but his campaign has struggled to gain traction. Recent polls have shown Meade losing ground to Anaya and the leftist front-runner, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador. Tit-for-tat accusations of corruption between the government and the opposition have been intensifying in recent months. Much of the attention has focused on media investigations showing how federal auditors over several years detected irregularities worth millions of dollars in the accounts of ministries run by Rosario Robles, the minister for agrarian, land and urban development. Robles has denied any wrongdoing, but the allegations have hurt the PRI, which has long been tainted by corruption. On Sunday, congressman Jesus Zambrano of the center-left Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD), which forms part of Anaya’s coalition, urged the finance ministry to explain the irregularities that occurred under Robles’s watch. The run-up to the election has also been marred by violence, with deadly attacks on several local politicians and activists. The PRI on Sunday condemned the killing in Guerrero state of Dulce Rebaja Pedro, a contender for the state congress whose body was found near the city of Chilapa, local media said. 
967932096156258306	2018-02-26 01:19:29	https://t.co/6jZ0XJIxmC	Merkel's CDU votes on German coalition deal after new cabinet picks https://t.co/6jZ0XJIxmC	 BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel’s conservatives on Monday approved a coalition deal with the Social Democrats (SPD), bringing closer a fourth term for her as well as an end to political limbo in Europe’s preeminent power. The more formidable hurdle to ending a five-month political impasse comes next week, however. On March 4, results of a binding postal vote by members of the center-left SPD will be announced and they are far less certain. “Now I can only say to the SPD that I hope many members feel the same responsibility for giving Germany a good government,” Merkel said in an interview with broadcaster RTL.“I think we can achieve a lot together for Germany and its people.” The vote at a CDU congress followed Merkel’s announcement of her picks for a new, younger cabinet intended to revive the party, which has been riven by disagreements over how to respond to the Alternative for Germany (AfD) since losing votes to the far-right party in national elections in September. The CDU’s youth wing has called for the party to renew itself in the wake of its worst election result since 1949 in September and Merkel, 63, stressed in her speech to delegates at the CDU gathering that younger faces were in the new team. Earlier, she reassured CDU delegates that the new German government, which will steer Europe’s largest economy, would not take out any new debt, would avoid tax increases and would seek to renew the European Union. Monday’s vote came as a poll showed support for both Merkel’s conservative bloc - which also includes the Bavarian Christian Social Union (CSU) - and the SPD rising. Delegates cast aside whatever doubts they may have had in Merkel by voting overwhelmingly to appoint a centrist candidate she had hand-picked as the CDU’s new secretary-general. Promising to lead a centrist mass party, Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer, 55, dubbed“mini-Merkel” by some media, won the backing of more than 98 percent of delegates after making a pitch that opposed demands from Merkel’s critics for the party to move right to recapture votes lost to the nationalist right. Her Catholic, western German background contrasts with Merkel’s Protestant, eastern roots. While socially conservative and known for opposing gay marriage, Kramp-Karrenbauer is also a strong supporter of the minimum wage and workers’ rights. “I’m glad that there’s strong support for the coalition agreement, and that we now have a general secretary who got a super result,” Merkel said after the vote.“The work can begin.” Apart from pledges on tax and debt, Merkel also committed the new government to ensuring fast internet is available everywhere in Germany by 2025, raising research spending, creating 8,000 nursing jobs and taking a“zero tolerance” policy on security. Merkel said conservatives secured wins in coalition talks with the SPD, including preventing what she called the“aberration” of a single healthcare system that the SPD had demanded to replace the current dual public-private system. She disappointed many conservatives, however, by agreeing to give the SPD the powerful finance ministry. She said it was a“painful” loss but added it was right not to let negotiations collapse over cabinet portfolios rather than policy substance. She also underscored the importance of the economy ministry - which the CDU will retake after years in SPD hands. After 12 years as chancellor and almost 18 years in charge of her party, Merkel’s authority is waning and on Sunday, she responded to growing calls for new blood at the top of the CDU.. Her efforts to forge a coalition with two smaller parties collapsed in November. That forced her to woo back the SPD, which was the coalition partner in her 2013-2017 government but reluctant to repeat the experience after seeing its own support dwindle to its lowest since World War Two. If SPD members vote“no” in their ballot, the most likely outcome is a new election or possibly a minority government. Experts say a snap election could result in further gains for the anti-immigration AfD, which entered parliament for the first time in September. Some analysts said the prospect of a new election would spur SPD members into voting“yes”, so as to prevent a further deterioration in support for their party. A Forsa poll on Monday showed the SPD up two points from a week ago, at 18 percent, while the CDU/CSU edged up one point to 35 percent. The AfD remained the third strongest party with 13 percent. Forsa researcher Manfred Guellner said the grumbling in both camps had abated since Merkel proposed Kramp-Karrenbauer for CDU general secretary and former SPD leader Martin Schulz decided against joining a Merkel-led cabinet as foreign minister. 
967924295920947200	2018-02-26 00:48:29	https://t.co/UoAVVPOB6z	UK's Labour piles pressure on May over Brexit stance https://t.co/UoAVVPOB6z	 COVENTRY, England (Reuters) - Britain should enter a new customs union with the European Union, Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said on Monday, setting up a possible parliamentary defeat for Prime Minister Theresa May who has vowed to leave the arrangement after Brexit. After months watching May’s Conservatives voice deep divisions on the EU without committing himself to a clear vision of life outside the bloc, Corbyn said he wanted a“bespoke” customs union with exemptions for Britain on a number of issues. But his proposals, like those set out by May last week and derided by a senior EU official as“pure illusion”, could fall flat in Brussels where officials have ruled out“cherry picking” market access without accepting all the rules. “Labour would seek to negotiate a new comprehensive UK-EU customs union to ensure that there are no tariffs with Europe and to help avoid any need for a hard border in Northern Ireland,” Corbyn told students and local politicians at Coventry University in central England. He gave as an example the Mini,“one of Britain’s most iconic brands”, manufactured by Germany’s BMW (BMWG.DE). The product, he said, crosses the English Channel“three times in a 2,000-mile journey before the finished car rolls off the production line”, underlining the importance of a“frictionless supply chain”. “But we are also clear that the option of a new UK customs union with the EU would need to ensure the UK has a say in future trade deals ... Labour would not countenance a deal that left Britain as a passive recipient of rules decided elsewhere by others. That would mean ending up as mere rule takers.” By leaving the single market, Britain would no longer have to accept unlimited immigration from the EU - one of the main issues that drove many people to vote for Brexit at a referendum in 2016. The proposed customs union would cover only goods, not the services that are a vital part of Britain’s economy and exports currently given free access to the single market. A spokesman for the European Commission declined to comment but one diplomat said on condition of anonymity:“Corbyn’s speech is most welcome but he cannot expect the EU single market to become the cherry on his‘new cake’.” A Labour source said there was no“plan B” if the EU rejected the plan under which the party would press for“protections, clarifications or exemptions where necessary” for privatisation, public service competition directives, state aid and procurement rules. The CBI, the leading business lobby, said a customs union would“help grow trade without accepting freedom of movement or payments to the EU”, but it added:“businesses have their eyes wide open on Labour’s overall rhetoric on re-nationalisation”. Corbyn showed no sign of backing away from those plans, saying he could not accept EU competition rules for sectors such as the Royal Mail,“a natural monopoly”, or the bloc’s rules that dictated during the nationalisation of Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS.L) the sale of its“best parts”. The next election is due in 2022, so the 68-year-old socialist may never get to the negotiating table before Britain leaves the EU. But by defining a clearer position on the trading relationship, he has set up a possible win in parliament. Eight Conservative rebels have backed an amendment to proposed trade legislation that seeks to bind the government into being in a customs union with the EU. The vote, expected later this year, could be tight: May holds a working majority of 13 seats and, while British media said between 10 and 15 of her party might rebel, some pro-Brexit Labour MPs are expected to vote with the government. “I appeal to MPs of all parties to be prepared to put the people’s interests before the ideological fantasies, join us in supporting the option of a new UK customs union with the EU that would give us a say in future trade agreements,” Corbyn said. While defeat would be a challenge to May, some of her rebels have played down talk of a government collapse, and any changes could be reversed later in the legislative process. Trade Secretary Liam Fox said the government would delay the vote partly to gain more time to convince its MPs to vote with the government. May is due to set out her latest vision for Britain’s post-Brexit relationship with the EU in a speech on Friday, following a special cabinet meeting on Thursday when she will also meet European Council President Donald Tusk who last week called her ideas on future trade ties“pure illusion”. Labour is narrowly ahead in opinion polls, but, like the Conservatives, remains deeply divided on Brexit and has no appetite for a second referendum on EU membership. The party’s divisions were exposed over the weekend when more than 80 senior members called on Corbyn, a long time critic of the EU, to commit to remaining in the bloc’s single market. “The European Union is not the root of all our problems and leaving it will not solve all our problems. Likewise, the EU is not the source of all enlightenment and leaving it does not inevitably spell doom for our country,” Corbyn said to applause. “The truth is more down to earth and it’s in our hands.” 
967919956569591809	2018-02-26 00:31:15	https://t.co/DjQPt07RLb	Britain vows to cap 'rip off' energy prices for millions with new law https://t.co/DjQPt07RLb	 LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May will cap the energy bills of 11 million British households for as long as five years under a new law introduced to parliament on Monday, aimed at tackling what she describes as “rip-off” energy prices. The new legislation will force the energy regulator Ofgem to cap electricity and gas prices until 2020 when the regulator will recommend whether it should be extended on an annual basis up to 2023, the government said. The government said that some customers are being charged more than 300 pounds ($419) than they should be, and the cap will apply to expensive plans that customers are moved to when their cheaper fixed deals end. “It’s often older people or those on low incomes who are stuck on rip-off energy tariffs, so today we are introducing legislation to force energy companies to change their ways,” May said. “Our energy price cap will cut bills for millions of families. This is another step we are taking to help people make ends meet as we build a country that works for everyone.” A report by a committee of lawmakers earlier this month found that the current energy market is “broken” and penalizes customer loyalty. Home power bills have doubled in Britain over the past decade to an average of about 1,150 pounds ($1,500) a year. The energy company Centrica said while it agreed that standard variable rates are a problem for customers because they have no end dates, price controls are the wrong solution. “We just do not agree with introducing price controls into a competitive market which will reduce competition and choice, and therefore impact consumers,” the company said in a statement. 
967910767709343744	2018-02-25 23:54:44	https://t.co/bNDTMWxy6b	Blast destroys shop and home in English city, six taken to hospital https://t.co/bNDTMWxy6b	 LEICESTER, England (Reuters) - At least four people were killed and four more injured when a blast destroyed a convenience store and a home in the central English city of Leicester on Sunday, British police said. The blast ripped through the building at about 1900 GMT, turning a shop on the ground floor and a two-storey apartment above it into rubble. “There are four confirmed fatalities at this stage and a number of people still undergoing treatment in hospital,” Leicestershire Police Superintendent Shane O’Neill said. “We believe there may be people who have not yet been accounted for and rescue efforts continue in order to locate any further casualties.” He said there was no immediate indication that the explosion was linked to terrorism. Pictures and videos showed flames leaping into the sky from the site, with rubble strewn across the street. “We heard this massive explosion, the shop window six doors away vibrated and we thought it can’t be a car accident, it didn’t sound like a crash,” local resident Harrish Patni told Sky News. “We came outside and there was a big cloud of smoke, bricks all across the road.” Local media reported that the shop was believed to be a Polish grocery store. Investigators were working to determine the cause of the blast, O’Neill said, while specialist rescue teams including search dogs were on the scene looking for any more survivors and further casualties. 
967906536298307584	2018-02-25 23:37:55	https://t.co/KVJZYamwl7	Thousands rally in Moscow to commemorate slain opposition leader before election https://t.co/KVJZYamwl7 https://t.co/BGF2wpPdb2	 MOSCOW (Reuters) - Thousands marched through central Moscow on Sunday to commemorate murdered Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov, calling for President Vladimir Putin to be ousted just three weeks before a presidential election. Nemtsov, one of Putin’s most vocal critics, was shot dead on Feb. 27, 2015 as he walked across a bridge near the Kremlin. Aged 55, he had been working on a report examining Russia’s role in the conflict in Ukraine. His killing sent a chill through opposition circles, and initiated annual marches in Moscow that have united different opposition parties and those discontented with the authorities. Some blame Putin for Nemtsov’s death but he has never responded to such accusations. In 2015, he said the murder had a“provocative nature” and later that he was closely watching the investigation process. “Nemtsov’s murder is a political act of terror. All the responsibility for the murder is on Putin,” presidential candidate for the Yabloko liberal party, Grigory Yavlinsky told Dozhd TV channel in a live broadcast from the march. According to White Counter, an NGO that counts participants at rallies using metal detector frames, around 7,600 people took part in the Moscow march for which organisers had been granted permission by the city authorities. Several hundred people also rallied in a central square in St. Petersburg, chanting“Russia will be free”, a Dozhd TV broadcast showed. In mid-2017 a Russian court sentenced Zaur Dadayev, a former soldier in Chechnya, to 20 years in jail for killing Nemtsov and handed terms of between 11 and 19 years to four other men convicted of being his accomplices. But Nemtsov’s supporters said Dadayev and the others were only low-level operatives. The case remained unsolved, they said, because those who had ordered, financed and organized the hit had not been caught. “We must make sure that those who ordered and organized the murder are detected,” Russian opposition politician Mikhail Kasyanov said in the Dozhd channel live stream from the march. Ksenia Sobchak, another contender for the March election where Putin is widely expected to win, also took part in the rally, standing in the front line of a column that slowly moved through a 2.2 kilometer (1.4 miles) long route past metal fences guarded by police. Opposition leader Alexei Navalny, who has been barred from running in the election, was also present, according to a Reuters cameraman. People, marching at minus 14 degrees Celsius (7 degrees Fahrenheit), carried Russian flags and portraits of Nemtsov, occasionally chanting“Russia without Putin”, a usual slogan that can be heard at opposition rallies. Carrying a tablet saying“I’m not afraid” and a bouquet of red roses, one participant, Andrei Biryukov from Moscow, told Reuters why he had come to commemorate Nemtsov. “If our country was ruled by people like Nemtsov, we would live in a normal European country with free and independent people. That’s why I’m here,” said Biryukov. 
967903881383596035	2018-02-25 23:27:22	https://t.co/H1yhRx8BmN	South Korea brings curtain down on its 'Peace Games': https://t.co/H1yhRx8BmN See highlights from #Pyeongchang2018… https://t.co/dqe9Yy5jN9	 PYEONGCHANG, South Korea (Reuters) - South Korea brought the curtain down on its“Peace Games” on Sunday, with winter sports athletes dancing and singing together at a vibrant closing ceremony, though there was little warmth between dignitaries from the United States and North Korea. South Korea President Moon Jae-in, who hopes to use these Games as an opportunity to engage with the North, warmly greeted U.S. President Donald Trump’s daughter Ivanka before offering a brief handshake to North Korean delegation leader Kim Yong Chol. Despite the cool body language, Moon’s efforts may be bearing fruit. The South’s presidential office said on Sunday that members of the North Korean delegation had expressed the North’s openness to talks with the United States. Trump sat front and center, beside Moon’s wife, while North Korea’s Kim was seated a row behind, decked out in a long black jacket and furry hat. Sitting two seats along from him was General Vincent Brooks, the commander of U.S. Forces Korea. Kim’s appearance at the closing ceremony has been greeted with outrage by some in South Korea. The former North Korean intelligence chief is accused of having been behind a deadly 2010 attack on a South Korean warship. South Korean protesters tried to block Kim’s motorcade to the closing ceremony earlier in the day. Despite the divisions and distrust between the two Koreas, they agreed to have their athletes march together at both the opening and closing ceremonies under a banner of unification. They also fielded a unified women’s ice hockey team. International Olympic Committee (IOC) President Thomas Bach paid tribute to the athletes, saying they were an example to the world. “You have shown how sport brings people together in our fragile world; you have shown how sport builds bridges,” he said.“The IOC will continue this Olympic dialogue, even after we extinguish the Olympic flame. “In this, we are driven by our faith in the future.” During his speech, Bach invited several athletes to join him on stage, including South Korea’s gold medalist skeleton rider Yun Sung-bin, North Korean figure skater Ryom Tae Ok, American skier Lindsey Vonn and Tongan flag carrier Pita Taufatofua. Bach signed off by calling upon the youth of the world to gather in Beijing in four years’ time for the 2022 Winter Games. With the ceremony showcasing cutting-edge South Korean technology and a remarkable drone show that dotted out the image of the Games mascot Soohorang, a white tiger, in the night sky, athletes marched into the stadium, many wearing their medals. The Russian flag, absent at the opening ceremony, was again nowhere to be seen after the IOC decided not to lift the suspension on their country. It was a bitter-sweet day for Russian athletes, who after savoring the high of winning a nail-biting men’s ice hockey final on Sunday then had to march without their flag. Russians were forced to compete as neutral athletes at Pyeongchang, an IOC punishment for years of drug scandals involving allegations that Russia ran a systematic, state-backed drug-cheating program. 
967898789456568320	2018-02-25 23:07:08	https://t.co/E9j9qJr4ZY	Blast destroys shop and home in English city, five taken to hospital https://t.co/E9j9qJr4ZY	 LEICESTER, England (Reuters) - At least four people were killed and four more injured when a blast destroyed a convenience store and a home in the central English city of Leicester on Sunday, British police said. The blast ripped through the building at about 1900 GMT, turning a shop on the ground floor and a two-storey apartment above it into rubble. “There are four confirmed fatalities at this stage and a number of people still undergoing treatment in hospital,” Leicestershire Police Superintendent Shane O’Neill said. “We believe there may be people who have not yet been accounted for and rescue efforts continue in order to locate any further casualties.” He said there was no immediate indication that the explosion was linked to terrorism. Pictures and videos showed flames leaping into the sky from the site, with rubble strewn across the street. “We heard this massive explosion, the shop window six doors away vibrated and we thought it can’t be a car accident, it didn’t sound like a crash,” local resident Harrish Patni told Sky News.“We came outside and there was a big cloud of smoke, bricks all across the road.” Local media reported that the shop was believed to be a Polish grocery store. Investigators were working to determine the cause of the blast, O’Neill said, while specialist rescue teams including search dogs were on the scene looking for any more survivors and further casualties. 
967894541104746496	2018-02-25 22:50:15	https://t.co/NHwJiEwKAk	Chlorine gas symptoms seen after blast near Damascus-opposition health authorities https://t.co/NHwJiEwKAk	 BEIRUT/AMMAN (Reuters) - Several people suffered symptoms consistent with exposure to chlorine gas in the rebel-held eastern Ghouta district near Damascus on Sunday, and one child was killed, the health authorities in the opposition-held area said in a statement. Victims, ambulance drivers and others smelt chlorine after“an enormous explosion” in the eastern Ghouta in the area of al-Shayfouniya, said the statement issued by the local branch of the opposition Syrian Interim Government’s Ministry of Health. “At least 18 victims were treated with oxygen nebulizing sessions.” The Syrian army could not immediately be reached for comment. The Syrian government has consistently denied using chemical weapons in the war that will soon enter its eighth year. The Russian defense ministry, which backs the Syrian government in the war, on Sunday accused rebels of preparing to use toxic agents in eastern Ghouta so they could later accuse Damascus of employing chemical weapons. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a UK-based organization that reports on the war, confirmed a child had died from suffocation in eastern Ghouta but said it could not confirm if poison gas had been used, its director told Reuters by phone. Video circulated on social media networks purporting to show the aftermath of the attack depicted a child’s corpse wrapped in a blue shroud, and several bare chested men and young boys appearing to struggle for breath, with some holding nebulizers to their mouths and noses. Eastern Ghouta, the last major rebel stronghold near Damascus, has been targeted in a fierce government offensive that got underway last week. The U.N. Security Council on Saturday demanded a 30-day truce across Syria. The Observatory said Sunday’s bombardment of eastern Ghouta was less intense than last week, but 14 people were still killed. In recent weeks, the United States has accused Syria of repeatedly using chlorine gas as a weapon. Rebel-held areas of the Ghouta region were hit in a major chemical attack in 2013. Last year, a joint inquiry by the U.N. and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) found the Syrian government was responsible for an April 4, 2017 attack using the banned nerve agent sarin in the opposition-held town of Khan Sheikhoun, killing dozens of people. The inquiry had previously found that Syrian government forces were responsible for three chlorine gas attacks in 2014 and 2015 and that Islamic State militants used mustard gas. The Russian defense ministry said rebel leaders were“preparing a provocation with employment of toxic material, aiming at accusing the governmental forces of using chemical weapons against civilian population”. The statement was released by a Russian ceasefire monitoring center, which is run by the Russian military, and published on the defense ministry’s website. 
967883561788411904	2018-02-25 22:06:38	https://t.co/qnu0PNzXK8	Australia names new deputy prime minister https://t.co/qnu0PNzXK8	 SYDNEY (Reuters) - The junior partner in Australia’s coalition government elected as its new leader on Monday a former newspaper editor who takes over as deputy prime minister after an embarrassing sex scandal threatened a decades-old conservative alliance. Michael McCormack was chosen in a party-room ballot to replace Barnaby Joyce as the leader of the rural-based National Party after Joyce, who campaigned on family values, resigned over an extramarital affair with his former media secretary. Joyce is expecting a child with his former staff member and has left his marriage of 24 years. He resisted weeks of pressure to quit but said on Friday he would resign as party leader after a new allegation of sexual harassment emerged. Under the terms of the coalition deal with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull’s centre-right Liberal Party, the leader of the Nationals automatically becomes deputy prime minister. The drawn-out saga over Joyce’s extramarital affair had threatened to fracture the alliance between the Liberals and Nationals that has been in place for almost 100 years. McCormack won the party-room vote over a single challenger, George Christensen, who had proposed breaking the alliance with the Nationals’ senior partner. “I will honour that faith and trust and responsibility by always doing my best,” McCormack told reporters in Canberra. The alliance suffered during a public falling-out between Turnbull and Joyce over the deputy leader’s affair. Turnbull described it as a “shocking error of judgment”, to which Joyce replied by calling Turnbull “inept”. Turnbull pointedly did not leave Joyce as acting prime minister when he left Australia last week for meetings with U.S. President Donald Trump in Washington. McCormack has kept a low profile in recent years but his appointment is not without controversy. He was forced to apologise for stridently homophobic comments he made in an editorial when he was running a rural newspaper in 1993. Turnbull, also a former journalist, welcomed McCormack’s appointment. “Our enduring and successful political partnership will continue under Michael’s leadership of the National Party,” Turnbull said in an emailed statement. Political analysts saw McCormack’s low profile as an early obstacle before elections due by May 2019. “It will take quite a bit of time before McCormack registers with voters in rural and regional Australia,” said Haydon Manning, a political science professor at Flinders University in South Australia. “Turnbull doesn’t have much time before the election and he losses his best asset in Joyce, who is without doubt the best retail politician,” he said. Joyce now moves to the backbench. Little-known outside Australia, he made international headlines in 2015 when he deported two dogs brought into Australia by U.S. actor Johnny Depp without the proper paperwork, a row that became known as the “war on terrier”. 
967883561759072256	2018-02-25 22:06:38	https://t.co/SxRY29jwIW	Blast destroys shop and home in English city, four taken to hospital https://t.co/SxRY29jwIW	 LEICESTER, England (Reuters) - At least four people were killed and four more injured when a blast destroyed a convenience store and a home in the central English city of Leicester on Sunday, British police said. The blast ripped through the building at about 1900 GMT, turning a shop on the ground floor and a two-storey apartment above it into rubble. “There are four confirmed fatalities at this stage and a number of people still undergoing treatment in hospital,” Leicestershire Police Superintendent Shane O’Neill said. “We believe there may be people who have not yet been accounted for and rescue efforts continue in order to locate any further casualties.” He said there was no immediate indication that the explosion was linked to terrorism. Pictures and videos showed flames leaping into the sky from the site, with rubble strewn across the street. “We heard this massive explosion, the shop window six doors away vibrated and we thought it can’t be a car accident, it didn’t sound like a crash,” local resident Harrish Patni told Sky News. “We came outside and there was a big cloud of smoke, bricks all across the road.” Local media reported that the shop was believed to be a Polish grocery store. Investigators were working to determine the cause of the blast, O’Neill said, while specialist rescue teams including search dogs were on the scene looking for any more survivors and further casualties. 
967880429482270720	2018-02-25 21:54:11	https://t.co/pXdAtXjogw	Michael McCormack named Australia's new deputy prime minister https://t.co/pXdAtXjogw	 SYDNEY (Reuters) - The junior partner in Australia’s coalition government elected as its new leader on Monday a former newspaper editor who takes over as deputy prime minister after an embarrassing sex scandal threatened a decades-old conservative alliance. Michael McCormack was chosen in a party-room ballot to replace Barnaby Joyce as the leader of the rural-based National Party after Joyce, who campaigned on family values, resigned over an extramarital affair with his former media secretary. Joyce is expecting a child with his former staff member and has left his marriage of 24 years. He resisted weeks of pressure to quit but said on Friday he would resign as party leader after a new allegation of sexual harassment emerged. Under the terms of the coalition deal with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull’s centre-right Liberal Party, the leader of the Nationals automatically becomes deputy prime minister. The drawn-out saga over Joyce’s extramarital affair had threatened to fracture the alliance between the Liberals and Nationals that has been in place for almost 100 years. McCormack won the party-room vote over a single challenger, George Christensen, who had proposed breaking the alliance with the Nationals’ senior partner. “I will honour that faith and trust and responsibility by always doing my best,” McCormack told reporters in Canberra. The alliance suffered during a public falling-out between Turnbull and Joyce over the deputy leader’s affair. Turnbull described it as a“shocking error of judgment”, to which Joyce replied by calling Turnbull“inept”. Turnbull pointedly did not leave Joyce as acting prime minister when he left Australia last week for meetings with U.S. President Donald Trump in Washington. McCormack has kept a low profile in recent years but his appointment is not without controversy. He was forced to apologise for stridently homophobic comments he made in an editorial when he was running a rural newspaper in 1993. Turnbull, also a former journalist, welcomed McCormack’s appointment. “Our enduring and successful political partnership will continue under Michael’s leadership of the National Party,” Turnbull said in an emailed statement. Political analysts saw McCormack’s low profile as an early obstacle before elections due by May 2019. “It will take quite a bit of time before McCormack registers with voters in rural and regional Australia,” said Haydon Manning, a political science professor at Flinders University in South Australia. “Turnbull doesn’t have much time before the election and he losses his best asset in Joyce, who is without doubt the best retail politician,” he said. Joyce now moves to the backbench. Little-known outside Australia, he made international headlines in 2015 when he deported two dogs brought into Australia by U.S. actor Johnny Depp without the proper paperwork, a row that became known as the“war on terrier”. 
967875816498651136	2018-02-25 21:35:51	https://t.co/el0U07dLtH	Blast destroys shop and home in English city of Leicester https://t.co/el0U07dLtH	 LEICESTER, England (Reuters) - At least four people were killed and four more injured when a blast destroyed a convenience store and a home in the central English city of Leicester on Sunday, British police said. The blast ripped through the building at about 1900 GMT, turning a shop on the ground floor and a two-storey apartment above it into rubble. “There are four confirmed fatalities at this stage and a number of people still undergoing treatment in hospital,” Leicestershire Police Superintendent Shane O’Neill said. “We believe there may be people who have not yet been accounted for and rescue efforts continue in order to locate any further casualties.” He said there was no immediate indication that the explosion was linked to terrorism. Pictures and videos showed flames leaping into the sky from the site, with rubble strewn across the street. “We heard this massive explosion, the shop window six doors away vibrated and we thought it can’t be a car accident, it didn’t sound like a crash,” local resident Harrish Patni told Sky News.“We came outside and there was a big cloud of smoke, bricks all across the road.” Local media reported that the shop was believed to be a Polish grocery store. Investigators were working to determine the cause of the blast, O’Neill said, while specialist rescue teams including search dogs were on the scene looking for any more survivors and further casualties. 
967866773344223233	2018-02-25 20:59:55	https://t.co/pfeBOhAPGH	Blast destroys a convenience store and a home in British city of Leicester https://t.co/pfeBOhAPGH	 LEICESTER, England (Reuters) - At least four people were killed and four more injured when a blast destroyed a convenience store and a home in the central English city of Leicester on Sunday, British police said. The blast ripped through the building at about 1900 GMT, turning a shop on the ground floor and a two-storey apartment above it into rubble. “There are four confirmed fatalities at this stage and a number of people still undergoing treatment in hospital,” Leicestershire Police Superintendent Shane O’Neill said. “We believe there may be people who have not yet been accounted for and rescue efforts continue in order to locate any further casualties.” He said there was no immediate indication that the explosion was linked to terrorism. Pictures and videos showed flames leaping into the sky from the site, with rubble strewn across the street. “We heard this massive explosion, the shop window six doors away vibrated and we thought it can’t be a car accident, it didn’t sound like a crash,” local resident Harrish Patni told Sky News.“We came outside and there was a big cloud of smoke, bricks all across the road.” Local media reported that the shop was believed to be a Polish grocery store. Investigators were working to determine the cause of the blast, O’Neill said, while specialist rescue teams including search dogs were on the scene looking for any more survivors and further casualties. 
967866760480350216	2018-02-25 20:59:52	https://t.co/tvavVngZip	Hungary PM's Fidesz party suffers surprise setback at local by-election https://t.co/tvavVngZip	 BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban’s ruling Fidesz party suffered an unexpected setback at a local government by-election on Sunday when an opposition-backed independent comfortably beat the Fidesz candidate for mayor weeks before a national election. Orban’s rightwing nationalist Fidesz is seeking a third consecutive term in parliamentary elections, campaigning with a fierce anti-immigrant message, coupled with increased spending on wage rises and promising more money to pensioners. But preliminary results showed Peter Marki-Zay, a political novice, beating Zoltan Hegedus with 57.5 percent of the vote against 41.6 percent at the election for mayor of the southern town of Hodmezovasarhely, a Fidesz party stronghold. “We stood up and Hodmezovasarhely has shown that we want to get rid of the big boys bullying the whole class,” Marki-Zay told a news conference, drawing a big round of applause, with one of his children standing by his side. “A new era has begun today,” he said, adding that public opinion polls showing a dominant Fidesz lead “could be thrown into the garbage bin.” With six weeks left before a parliamentary election, the outcome is an embarrassment for Orban’s Fidesz party and Hodmezovasarhely native Janos Lazar, Orban’s chief of staff, who had personally campaigned in favor of Hegedus. Orban’s Fidesz is still a strong favorite at the April 8 election, but a political analyst said Sunday’s result could change dynamics within the opposition, which had thus far struggled to mount any serious challenge. Marki-Zay ran as an independent, but was backed by the Socialists, radical nationalist Jobbik, the main opposition party, as well as LMP, a small liberal party. “This (result) has a sweeping psychological significance,” said political analyst Robert Laszlo at think tank Political Capital. “It shows that Fidesz is beatable even in a place like this and the result could jolt opposition parties into action and rethinking their strategies.” At 62.4 percent, turnout was higher than expected, surpassing even the 58.8 percent at the previous parliamentary election four years ago. The leftist opposition has been in a disarray since the resignation of their candidate for prime minister, Laszlo Botka, in October. Jobbik has been trying to lure voters by projecting a more moderate, centrist image. Orban, who has clashed repeatedly with European Union authorities over reforms affecting the judiciary and the media, has presided over a downward slide on the global corruption league table, watchdog Transparency International said on Tuesday. 
967865063162957824	2018-02-25 20:53:07	https://t.co/xKOHMAZYMp	Telefonica launches 'Aura' voice assistant in six countries https://t.co/xKOHMAZYMp https://t.co/b2VD2ziKFp	 BARCELONA (Reuters) - Spanish mobile operator Telefonica on Sunday launched a voice-activated assistant, called‘Aura’, in six countries, using artificial intelligence to interact with its customers. The announcement, on the eve of the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, comes a year after Telefonica promised a makeover in response to U.S. tech giants like Amazon, whose interactive aide Alexa has become a big seller. Telefonica, present in 17 markets across Europe and Latin America, is offering its assistant in Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Germany, Spain and Britain. “A year ago we said we wanted artificial intelligence to be the basis of our clients’ relationship with us and we are delivering on our promise,” Chairman Jose Maria Alvarez-Pallete said on Sunday. “Digitalization is the core of our business and thanks to the deep internal transformation that we have undergone in the last eight years we have become a company of smart platforms.” European telecoms have struggled to grow as regulators crack down on roaming fees, data prices erode, and opportunities to achieve economies of scale by merging fade because markets are already concentrated. They also face a struggle to keep up with so-called platform companies like Amazon, Google or Facebook that have proven highly adept at using customer data to sell products, services or advertising online. Aura won’t seek to compete - instead it will operate as a branded app in Argentina, Brazil and Britain, will run on Telefonica’s pay-TV platform in Spain, while being available via Facebook Messenger in Chile and Germany. It will soon be integrated with Google Assistant, as well as Microsoft’s Cortana in 2019, Telefonica said. Telefonica, which has invested 56 billion euros ($69 billion) in its digital upgrade since 2012, forecast last week that sales would grow by 1 percent this year - slower than the high double digits achieved by U.S. players. It also said it was working with Deutsche Telekom of Germany, Dutch KPN and Orange of France on a so-called data-portability initiative. This comes before new European Union rules that enter force in May - called the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) - that give customers greater rights over how their personal data is handled by companies. Data portability foresees allowing people to receive or transfer data collected about them online, in an accessible form, as part of a wider policy agenda of shielding citizens from corporate surveillance. ($1 = 0.8135 euros) 
967862988874149888	2018-02-25 20:44:53	https://t.co/hZ6C2UozbS	British fire service sent six fire engines after reports of large explosion in Leicester https://t.co/hZ6C2UozbS	 LEICESTER, England (Reuters) - At least four people were killed and four more injured when a blast destroyed a convenience store and a home in the central English city of Leicester on Sunday, British police said. The blast ripped through the building at about 1900 GMT, turning a shop on the ground floor and a two-storey apartment above it into rubble. “There are four confirmed fatalities at this stage and a number of people still undergoing treatment in hospital,” Leicestershire Police Superintendent Shane O’Neill said. “We believe there may be people who have not yet been accounted for and rescue efforts continue in order to locate any further casualties.” He said there was no immediate indication that the explosion was linked to terrorism. Pictures and videos showed flames leaping into the sky from the site, with rubble strewn across the street. “We heard this massive explosion, the shop window six doors away vibrated and we thought it can’t be a car accident, it didn’t sound like a crash,” local resident Harrish Patni told Sky News.“We came outside and there was a big cloud of smoke, bricks all across the road.” Local media reported that the shop was believed to be a Polish grocery store. Investigators were working to determine the cause of the blast, O’Neill said, while specialist rescue teams including search dogs were on the scene looking for any more survivors and further casualties. 
967862988844695554	2018-02-25 20:44:53	https://t.co/Aec4srwNqc	Jordan PM reshuffles cabinet to soothe anger over poor economy https://t.co/Aec4srwNqc	 AMMAN (Reuters) - Jordan’s Prime Minister Hani Mulki reshuffled his cabinet on Sunday and appointed the king’s chief of staff as his special deputy for economic affairs in an apparent bid to soothe widespread anger over rising hardship and flagging growth. Mulki’s reshuffle, his sixth since coming to power in May 2016, comes three days after hundreds of protesters in the city of Salt, 30 km (18 miles) west of the capital Amman, demanded his resignation and called for the king to force the government to roll back price increases and end high-level corruption. The monarch later issued a royal decree approving the appointment of Major General Fadel al Hamoud as new police chief in a shakeup that two officials tied to the events in Salt city and recent law and order lapses. Earlier this month Mulki avoided a vote of no-confidence in parliament after deputies sought to bring down the government over the price hikes that raised taxes on most consumer and food items and some fuel items. This was followed by a doubling of the prices of subsidized bread. Jafar Hassan, chief of staff of the office of Jordan’s King Abdullah, takes up the post of deputy Prime Minister for economic affairs, a role that had been left vacant in Mulki’s previous cabinet. Hassan, a former Harvard educated planning minister, will be leading a ministerial team overseeing a tough three-year program agreed with the International Monetary Fund of long delayed structural reforms to cut public debt to 77 percent of GDP by 2021 from 94 percent now. Earlier this year, Mulki imposed steep IMF-mandated tax hikes to cut rising public debt that have hit the incomes of ordinary Jordanians, causing his popularity to plummet. Finance Minister Omar Malhas kept his job in the reshuffle. Ayman Safadi, a long-time adviser to the royal family, who took up the post for the first time early last year and has been leading the kingdom’s talks with Washington over its Middle East policy, remains as foreign minister. Politicians and economists say the tough fiscal consolidation plan and the price hikes are worsening the plight of poorer Jordanians. Removing subsidies has triggered civil unrest in the past. Unlike previous hikes, only a few scattered protests have taken place, but slogans carried by demonstrators in the rally in Salt were the most critical so far. “We will wage an intifada (uprising) until prices go down. There are limits to our patience,” protesters chanted. Some indirectly blamed the monarch. On Friday the authorities sent gendarmerie reinforcements to Salt. The government has said cash transfers to low income citizens have mitigated the impact of price rises. In recent years Jordan’s economic growth has been hit by regional conflicts weighing on investor sentiment and as consumer demand generated by Syrian refugees staying in Jordan has receded, according to the IMF. Real GDP growth was revised downwards to two percent in 2017 about one percent lower than anticipated at the start of the IMF program, and was expected to hover around three percent, almost half the levels it attained a decade ago. 
967861753714544640	2018-02-25 20:39:58	https://t.co/6aoMKb8htV	British police responding to 'major incident' in city of Leicester https://t.co/6aoMKb8htV	 LEICESTER, England (Reuters) - At least four people were killed and four more injured when a blast destroyed a convenience store and a home in the central English city of Leicester on Sunday, British police said. The blast ripped through the building at about 1900 GMT, turning a shop on the ground floor and a two-storey apartment above it into rubble. “There are four confirmed fatalities at this stage and a number of people still undergoing treatment in hospital,” Leicestershire Police Superintendent Shane O’Neill said. “We believe there may be people who have not yet been accounted for and rescue efforts continue in order to locate any further casualties.” He said there was no immediate indication that the explosion was linked to terrorism. Pictures and videos showed flames leaping into the sky from the site, with rubble strewn across the street. “We heard this massive explosion, the shop window six doors away vibrated and we thought it can’t be a car accident, it didn’t sound like a crash,” local resident Harrish Patni told Sky News.“We came outside and there was a big cloud of smoke, bricks all across the road.” Local media reported that the shop was believed to be a Polish grocery store. Investigators were working to determine the cause of the blast, O’Neill said, while specialist rescue teams including search dogs were on the scene looking for any more survivors and further casualties. 
967858403002462209	2018-02-25 20:26:39	https://t.co/364Q17MX4H	UK police responding to 'major incident' in city of Leicester: https://t.co/364Q17MX4H https://t.co/K8kPtu1afG	 LEICESTER, England (Reuters) - At least four people were killed and four more injured when a blast destroyed a convenience store and a home in the central English city of Leicester on Sunday, British police said. The blast ripped through the building at about 1900 GMT, turning a shop on the ground floor and a two-storey apartment above it into rubble. “There are four confirmed fatalities at this stage and a number of people still undergoing treatment in hospital,” Leicestershire Police Superintendent Shane O’Neill said. “We believe there may be people who have not yet been accounted for and rescue efforts continue in order to locate any further casualties.” He said there was no immediate indication that the explosion was linked to terrorism. Pictures and videos showed flames leaping into the sky from the site, with rubble strewn across the street. “We heard this massive explosion, the shop window six doors away vibrated and we thought it can’t be a car accident, it didn’t sound like a crash,” local resident Harrish Patni told Sky News.“We came outside and there was a big cloud of smoke, bricks all across the road.” Local media reported that the shop was believed to be a Polish grocery store. Investigators were working to determine the cause of the blast, O’Neill said, while specialist rescue teams including search dogs were on the scene looking for any more survivors and further casualties. 
967856393276608512	2018-02-25 20:18:40	https://t.co/prDPopnIaT	UK police responding to 'major incident' in city of Leicester https://t.co/prDPopnIaT	 LEICESTER, England (Reuters) - At least four people were killed and four more injured when a blast destroyed a convenience store and a home in the central English city of Leicester on Sunday, British police said. The blast ripped through the building at about 1900 GMT, turning a shop on the ground floor and a two-storey apartment above it into rubble. “There are four confirmed fatalities at this stage and a number of people still undergoing treatment in hospital,” Leicestershire Police Superintendent Shane O’Neill said. “We believe there may be people who have not yet been accounted for and rescue efforts continue in order to locate any further casualties.” He said there was no immediate indication that the explosion was linked to terrorism. Pictures and videos showed flames leaping into the sky from the site, with rubble strewn across the street. “We heard this massive explosion, the shop window six doors away vibrated and we thought it can’t be a car accident, it didn’t sound like a crash,” local resident Harrish Patni told Sky News.“We came outside and there was a big cloud of smoke, bricks all across the road.” Local media reported that the shop was believed to be a Polish grocery store. Investigators were working to determine the cause of the blast, O’Neill said, while specialist rescue teams including search dogs were on the scene looking for any more survivors and further casualties. 
967845193465696256	2018-02-25 19:34:10	https://t.co/CuzuWN5GkW	Russia sets stage for U.N. veto of western bid to call out Iran https://t.co/CuzuWN5GkW	 UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Russia has laid the groundwork for a likely veto on Monday of a British, U.S. and French bid for the United Nations Security Council to call out Iran over its weapons falling into the hands of Yemen’s Houthi group. The 15-member Security Council has to renew its targeted sanctions on Yemen on Monday. Russia has proposed a rival resolution that would simply extend the mandate of the regime for one year and not mention Iran. The United States has been lobbying for months for Iran to be held accountable at the United Nations, while at the same time threatening to quit a 2015 deal among world powers to curb Iran’s nuclear program if“disastrous flaws” are not fixed. Britain drafted a resolution in consultation with the United States and France that initially wanted to condemn Iran for violating an arms embargo on Houthi leaders and include a council commitment to take action over it. The latest British draft drops the condemnation and instead expresses concern that U.N. experts monitoring the sanctions reported Iran had violated a targeted arms embargo by failing to stop missiles and unmanned aerial vehicles reaching the Houthis. A proxy war is playing out in Yemen between Iran and U.S. ally Saudi Arabia. A Saudi-led coalition intervened in Yemen in 2015, backing government forces fighting Iran-allied Houthi rebels. Iran has denied supplying the Houthis weapons. A U.N. Security Council resolution needs nine votes in favor and no vetoes by Russia, China, the United States, France or Britain to pass. Both resolutions seek to renew a U.N. ban on the supply of weapons to Houthi leaders and“those acting on their behalf or at their direction.” It can also blacklist individuals and entities for threatening the peace and stability of Yemen or hindering aid access. U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley took her Security Council colleagues to Washington in January to view pieces of missiles fired by the Houthis at Saudi Arabia in a bid to boost the U.S. case against Iran. Russian U.N. Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia said after the visit that he does not believe there is a case for United Nations action against Iran. Iran has described the arms displayed in Washington as“fabricated.” 
967838872947363840	2018-02-25 19:09:03	https://t.co/NmikymEvEb	Weakened Merkel offers job to arch critic in young new German cabinet https://t.co/NmikymEvEb	 BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel said she would promote her most prominent critic from within her conservative party, 37-year old Jens Spahn, to a coalition cabinet, in a sign she has heeded calls for renewal to revive her grumbling party. Although she has agreed a deal with the leaders of the Social Democrats (SPD) for a new“grand coalition”, Merkel needs the blessing of both camps to be sure of a fourth term. Approval from SPD members is far from certain. She announced her choice of six cabinet ministers from her Christian Democrats (CDU) before the party votes on the deal on Monday. There are as many women as men and Merkel said she was the only one who is over 60 years of age. She said she had put together a young, dynamic team which represents something of a new start for the party which slumped to its worst result since 1949 in a September election, bleeding support to the far right Alternative for Germany (AfD). “It was my task to present a tableau of people that is future-oriented and that offers a good mix of experience and new faces,” said Merkel.“This is anything but easy.” Handing Spahn the post of health minister is an indication that she wants to assuage her critics who have called for fresh blood and a new direction. Spahn is a champion of the party’s right who has fiercely attacked her open-door asylum policy. A deputy finance minister since 2015, he was previously the CDU’s health expert and he makes little secret of his ambitions to rise to the top. “Jens Spahn is not the only one to make critical comments. That is okay and nevertheless there is the task of making a good difference in Germany. I believe he wants to contribute to that, just like all other cabinet members,” said Merkel. While the decision is a sign of how much Merkel’s position has weakened, it may be a shrewd move to stretch an olive branch to her most outspoken critic to keep him on board. Initial reactions were broadly positive. Carsten Linnemann, head of the Mittlestand Association of the CDU/CSU, no fan of a grand coalition, welcomed the move. It is“a convincing team of experienced heads and people bringing new energy who represent the breath of the CDU,” he told the Funke media group. “Now we need a new emphasis in terms of substance and must ensure our conservative element is recognisable and that and we can hold our own in a grand coalition,” he said. Many in the CDU were angry that Merkel agreed to give the SPD the powerful finance and foreign ministries to do a deal. Merkel also, as expected, will put long-standing ally Peter Altmaier in charge of the economy ministry and keep Ursula von der Leyen, whose star has faded after being tipped as a possible successor to Merkel, as defence minister. The CDU head in the state of Rhineland Palatinate Julia Kloeckner will take agriculture. Other CDU ministers are new faces. Anja Karliczek, 46, will take over as education minister and Helge Braun, 45, will take over the chancellor’s office. After 12 years as chancellor and almost 18 years as CDU chief, Merkel’s authority is waning and the party is starting to think about her successor. In the last few years, Merkel has faced parliamentary revolts from some conservatives over international bailouts for Greece, and much grumbling over her liberal refugee policy. A further blow came in November when she failed to agree on a coalition deal with two smaller parties, forcing her to turn to the SPD with which she shared power from 2013 to 2017. A reluctant partner, having seen support fall to its lowest since World War Two in the election, the SPD announces the result of a members’ postal ballot on March 4. The outcome is unclear but there are some signs that they will give their nod. If members vote“no”, the most likely outcome is a new election or possibly a minority government. Some analysts say the prospect of a new election will spur SPD members into voting‘yes’ because their party has slumped further in opinion polls. An Emnid poll on Sunday showed the SPD down two points from a week ago at 17 percent. In response to growing rumblings in her party about her future, Merkel had promised to“renew” her government. She took a big step to grooming a successor last week by nominating ally Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer, premier of the tiny western Saarland state, to take over as CDU general secretary. The SPD and CSU will announce their cabinet choices later. 
967838872947355648	2018-02-25 19:09:03	https://t.co/ZSvwikwKxW	Thousands rally in Moscow to commemorate slain opposition leader before election https://t.co/ZSvwikwKxW	 MOSCOW (Reuters) - Thousands marched through central Moscow on Sunday to commemorate murdered Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov, calling for President Vladimir Putin to be ousted just three weeks before a presidential election. Nemtsov, one of Putin’s most vocal critics, was shot dead on Feb. 27, 2015 as he walked across a bridge near the Kremlin. Aged 55, he had been working on a report examining Russia’s role in the conflict in Ukraine. His killing sent a chill through opposition circles, and initiated annual marches in Moscow that have united different opposition parties and those discontented with the authorities. Some blame Putin for Nemtsov’s death but he has never responded to such accusations. In 2015, he said the murder had a“provocative nature” and later that he was closely watching the investigation process. “Nemtsov’s murder is a political act of terror. All the responsibility for the murder is on Putin,” presidential candidate for the Yabloko liberal party, Grigory Yavlinsky told Dozhd TV channel in a live broadcast from the march. According to White Counter, an NGO that counts participants at rallies using metal detector frames, around 7,600 people took part in the Moscow march for which organisers had been granted permission by the city authorities. Several hundred people also rallied in a central square in St. Petersburg, chanting“Russia will be free”, a Dozhd TV broadcast showed. In mid-2017 a Russian court sentenced Zaur Dadayev, a former soldier in Chechnya, to 20 years in jail for killing Nemtsov and handed terms of between 11 and 19 years to four other men convicted of being his accomplices. But Nemtsov’s supporters said Dadayev and the others were only low-level operatives. The case remained unsolved, they said, because those who had ordered, financed and organized the hit had not been caught. “We must make sure that those who ordered and organized the murder are detected,” Russian opposition politician Mikhail Kasyanov said in the Dozhd channel live stream from the march. Ksenia Sobchak, another contender for the March election where Putin is widely expected to win, also took part in the rally, standing in the front line of a column that slowly moved through a 2.2 kilometer (1.4 miles) long route past metal fences guarded by police. Opposition leader Alexei Navalny, who has been barred from running in the election, was also present, according to a Reuters cameraman. People, marching at minus 14 degrees Celsius (7 degrees Fahrenheit), carried Russian flags and portraits of Nemtsov, occasionally chanting“Russia without Putin”, a usual slogan that can be heard at opposition rallies. Carrying a tablet saying“I’m not afraid” and a bouquet of red roses, one participant, Andrei Biryukov from Moscow, told Reuters why he had come to commemorate Nemtsov. “If our country was ruled by people like Nemtsov, we would live in a normal European country with free and independent people. That’s why I’m here,” said Biryukov. 
967835353741709312	2018-02-25 18:55:04	https://t.co/lPOD34cz2U	ICYMI: Russia barred from flying flag at Games closing ceremony: https://t.co/lPOD34cz2U More from final day at… https://t.co/XsuvxMGOzM	 PYEONGCHANG, South Korea (Reuters) - The International Olympic Committee (IOC) dashed Russian athletes’ hopes of marching behind their national flag at the Winter Games closing ceremony on Sunday, deciding against immediately lifting Russia’s Olympic suspension after fresh doping violations. Russians have been competing as neutral athletes at the Games, their Olympic status suspended, as IOC punishment for years of drug scandals involving allegations that Russia ran a systematic, state-backed drug-cheating programme. The IOC said two Russian doping violations during the Pyeongchang Games had marred an otherwise clean report card for the delegation at the Games, though later on Sunday, Russia’s ice hockey team violated the IOC’s rules on neutrality by singing the Russian national anthem. IOC President Thomas Bach said the two positive doping tests were impossible to ignore in making the decision to keep the suspension in place until after the Games close. “This was hugely disappointing and, in addition to other considerations, prevented the IOC from even considering lifting the suspension for the closing ceremony,” IOC President Thomas Bach said in presenting the recommendation to IOC members. Bach said Russia’s Olympic status would be restored automatically once it was confirmed there were no other doping violations by Russian athletes at Pyeongchang. “That is an automatic decision,” he told reporters.“This is an objective condition... and then the sanction is lifted.” The suspended Russian Olympic Committee (ROC) said it hoped to return to the Olympic family in the coming days. “We hope and really count on that in the next few days, the membership of the Russian Olympic Committee in the IOC will be completely restored,” it said in a statement. “In light of the situation, we consider that the restoration of the rights of the ROC and all Russian athletes will be the main result of the Olympic Games that are ending today.” Competition at the Winter Games concluded on Sunday and final drug-testing results might not be known for several days or even weeks. “I’m very disappointed,” said Elena Valbe, president of the Russian cross-country skiing federation. “Some athletes stayed behind later with the hope that they would be walking under the Russian flag. I’ve heard athletes say that they were staying just because they wanted to walk with the flag and in our uniform.” Former Olympic ice hockey champion Igor Larionov told Reuters it was hard for Russian players to stand on the podium under the Olympic flag when they won a gold medal. “Time needs to pass for the right to have the flag back, I think,” the Russian said.“It is difficult for me to understand how any figure skater, hockey player or skier can win gold and stand on the podium without their flag. It’s sad.” Bogdan Kiselevich, a member of the Olympic Athletes from Russia (OAR) team that beat Germany to win men’s ice hockey gold on Sunday, said singing the Russian anthem at the medal ceremony had not been a spur-of-the moment decision. “From the start,” he said, after he was asked when they had decided to sing it.“It has been decided with the flag so we had to do it.” Kiselevich’s team mate Vyacheslav Voynov said the players had shrugged off the news that they would not be allowed to march with the Russian flag at the closing ceremony. “We are not bothered,” he told reporters.“It’s of course sad for us. But if that’s what was decided then it has to be that way.” Russia’s Olympic delegation chief and its figure skating silver medallist, Evgenia Medvedeva, had made a last appeal to the IOC on Saturday for their suspension to be lifted, apologising for the two doping violations during the Games. Medal-winning curler Alexander Krushelnitsky and bobsledder Nadezhda Sergeeva failed doping tests, angering a team that had been through extensive testing before and during the first days of Games competition without returning any positive results. The lawyer for Grigory Rodchenkov, the former Russian doping laboratory director who turned whistleblower and helped to expose the drugs scandal, said“cooler heads” at the IOC had prevailed and stopped Russia’s immediate Olympic return. Rodchenkov currently lives in hiding in the United States. “Thomas Bach was a drowning man but finally cooler heads within the IOC threw him a life preserver,” Jim Walden said in a statement. “Yet, in the decision, the IOC had the gall to claim Russia‘respected’ its decision on December 5th to institute the suspension. The acrimony caused by Bach’s mismanagement should be his undoing,” Walden said. At the Games, the Russians have been unable to wear national uniforms or have their anthem played at medal presentations. Russian delegation chief Stanislav Pozdnyakov has said that the prospect of flying the flag at Sunday’s closing ceremony meant more to his athletes than winning medals. In December, the IOC had held out the prospect of lifting Russia’s suspension for the closing ceremony, on the condition its athletes met a strict code of conduct, including compliance with anti-doping rules and observance of athlete neutrality. 
967832519704969216	2018-02-25 18:43:48	https://t.co/Cfq0o2AOvT	White House: Talks with North Korea must lead to ending nuclear program https://t.co/Cfq0o2AOvT	 SEOUL/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said any talks with North Korea must lead to an end to its nuclear program after senior officials from Pyongyang visiting South Korea said on Sunday their government was open to talks with the United States. The North Korean delegation, in Pyeongchang for the closing ceremony of the Winter Olympics, met at an undisclosed location with South Korean President Moon Jae-in, and expressed a willingness to meet with the United States, Moon’s office said in a statement. The Pyongyang delegation said developments in relations between the two Koreas and between North Korea and the United States should go hand in hand, according to the statement. The Olympics gave a boost to recent engagement between the two Koreas after more than a year of sharply rising tensions over the North’s missile program and its sixth and largest nuclear test in defiance of U.N. sanctions. The United States announced on Friday it was imposing its largest package of sanctions aimed at getting North Korea to give up its nuclear and missile programs. On Sunday, North Korean state media accused the United States of provoking confrontation on the Korean peninsula with the sanctions. The White House said its sanctions would continue. “We will see if Pyongyang’s message today, that it is willing to hold talks, represents the first steps along the path to denuclearization,” the White House said in a statement. “In the meantime, the United States and the world must continue to make clear that North Korea’s nuclear and missile programs are a dead end,” it said. Moon, the North Korean delegation, and Ivanka Trump, U.S. President Donald Trump’s daughter, were among dignitaries who attended the Olympics closing ceremony on Sunday. Ivanka Trump, a senior White House adviser, did not interact with the North Korean delegation, a senior U.S. administration official said. She met Moon on Friday as part of a weekend trip leading the U.S. delegation to the closing ceremony. North Korea sent former military intelligence chief Kim Yong Chol, an official accused of being behind a deadly 2010 attack on a South Korean warship, to lead its delegation. The decision enraged the families of 46 sailors killed in the torpedo attack and threatened the mood of rapprochement that Seoul sought to create at what it called the“Peace Games.” North Korea has denied its involvement in the sinking. Moon met Kim in Pyeongchang, where the Olympics were held, before the closing ceremony, the South Korean government said. Earlier, about 100 conservative South Korean lawmakers and activists staged a sit-in near the border with North Korea, to protest Kim’s arrival and facing off against about 2,500 South Korean police. The North’s delegation took a different route, prompting the opposition Korea Liberty Party to accuse Moon’s administration of“abuse of power and an act of treason” by rerouting the motorcade to shield it from the protest. The North sent Kim Yo Jong, the younger sister of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, to the opening ceremony. She was the center of a frenzy of attention, especially when she appeared at the opening ceremony and was only a few feet from U.S. Vice President Mike Pence. They did not speak. Kim Yo Jong and the North’s nominal head of state were the most senior North Korean officials to visit the South in more than a decade. The North Korean leader later said he wanted to create a“warm climate of reconciliation and dialogue.” The U.S. president, in announcing the new sanctions on Friday, warned of a“phase two” that could be“very, very unfortunate for the world” if the sanctions did not work. North Korea denounced the sanctions in a statement carried on its state media and said a blockade by the United States would be considered an act of war. China also reacted angrily, saying on Saturday the unilateral targeting of Chinese firms and people risked harming cooperation on North Korea. Moon won election last year promising to try to improve relations with the North. 
967829419816603648	2018-02-25 18:31:29	https://t.co/LulKATjZAs	Quake, magnitude 7.5, strikes Papua New Guinea: USGS https://t.co/LulKATjZAs	 WELLINGTON/MELBOURNE (Reuters) - At least one company began evacuating non-essential personnel after a powerful 7.5 magnitude earthquake hit Papua New Guinea’s energy-rich interior on Monday, causing landslides, damaging buildings and closing oil and gas operations. The tremor hit in the rugged, heavily forested Southern Highlands about 560 km (350 miles) northwest of the capital, Port Moresby, at around 3.45 a.m. local time (1545 GMT Sunday), according to the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS). A spokesman at Papua New Guinea’s National Disaster Centre said by telephone the affected area was very remote and the agency could not properly assess damage until communication was re-established. He said there were no confirmed casualties, although the International Red Cross (IRC) in Papua New Guinea said some reports indicated there were “fears of human casualties”. “It’s very serious all across the Southern Highlands and also all over the western highlands. People are definitely very frightened,” Udaya Regmi, the head of the IRC in Papua New Guinea, said by telephone from Port Moresby. The PNG government also said it had sent disaster assessment teams. At least 13 aftershocks with a magnitude of 5.0 or more rattled the area throughout the day, according to USGS data, but no tsunami warnings were issued. Early on Tuesday, USGS reported that another quake with a magnitude of 6.4 had hit 142 km (88 miles) from the city of Mount Hagen at a depth of about 10 km. (For a graphic on Papua New Guinea's 7.5 magnitude earthquake, click tmsnrt.rs/2ow1YLR) “The Papua New Guinea Defense Force has also been mobilized to assist with the assessment and the delivery of assistance to affected people as well as the restoration of services and infrastructure,” Isaac Lupari, the chief secretary to the government, said in a statement after Monday’s tremor. ExxonMobil said it had shut its Hides gas conditioning plant and that it believed administration buildings, living quarters and a mess hall had been damaged. It also said it had suspended flights into the nearby Komo airfield until the runway could be surveyed. “Due to the damage to the Hides camp quarters and continuing aftershocks, ExxonMobil PNG is putting plans in place to evacuate non-essential staff,” the company said in an emailed statement. Gas is processed at Hides and transported along a 700 km (435 miles) line that feeds a liquefied natural gas plant near Port Moresby for shipping. PNG oil and gas explorer Oil Search (OSH.AX) said in a statement it had also shut production in the quake-affected area. The giant Grasberg copper mine operated by the Indonesian unit of Freeport McMoRan (FCX.N) in neighboring Papua province was not affected, a Jakarta-based spokesman said. However, the quake and several aftershocks caused panic in Jayapura, the capital of Indonesian Papua, Indonesia’s disaster mitigation agency said in a statement, but there were no reports of casualties or damage there. The IRC’s Regmi said communications were “completely down” in Tari, one of the larger settlements near the quake’s epicenter, and that landslides had cut roads. Several other aid and missionary agencies said poor communications in the area made damage and injury assessment difficult. “The bush structures that they build tend to handle earthquakes extremely well,” Christian missionary Brandon Buser told Reuters after contacting several remote villages by shortwave radio. Earthquakes are common in Papua New Guinea, which sits on the Pacific’s “Ring of Fire”, a hotspot for seismic activity due to friction between tectonic plates. “This is the Papuan fold-and-thrust belt, so it’s a typical movement of faults in that region, but it’s big,” said Chris McKee, acting director of the Geohazards Management Division in Port Moresby. Part of PNG’s northern coast was devastated in 1998 by a tsunami, generated by a 7.0 quake, which killed about 2,200 people. 
967826338894827520	2018-02-25 18:19:15	https://t.co/6cOSiof1vW	Weakened Merkel offers German cabinet job to arch critic https://t.co/6cOSiof1vW	 BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel said she would promote her most prominent critic from within her conservative party, 37-year old Jens Spahn, to a coalition cabinet, in a sign she has heeded calls for renewal to revive her grumbling party. Although she has agreed a deal with the leaders of the Social Democrats (SPD) for a new “grand coalition”, Merkel needs the blessing of both camps to be sure of a fourth term. Approval from SPD members is far from certain. She announced her choice of six cabinet ministers from her Christian Democrats (CDU) before the party votes on the deal on Monday. There are as many women as men and Merkel said she was the only one who is over 60 years of age. She said she had put together a young, dynamic team which represents something of a new start for the party which slumped to its worst result since 1949 in a September election, bleeding support to the far right Alternative for Germany (AfD). “It was my task to present a tableau of people that is future-oriented and that offers a good mix of experience and new faces,” said Merkel. “This is anything but easy.” Handing Spahn the post of health minister is an indication that she wants to assuage her critics who have called for fresh blood and a new direction. Spahn is a champion of the party’s right who has fiercely attacked her open-door asylum policy. A deputy finance minister since 2015, he was previously the CDU’s health expert and he makes little secret of his ambitions to rise to the top. “Jens Spahn is not the only one to make critical comments. That is okay and nevertheless there is the task of making a good difference in Germany. I believe he wants to contribute to that, just like all other cabinet members,” said Merkel. While the decision is a sign of how much Merkel’s position has weakened, it may be a shrewd move to stretch an olive branch to her most outspoken critic to keep him on board. Initial reactions were broadly positive. Carsten Linnemann, head of the Mittlestand Association of the CDU/CSU, no fan of a grand coalition, welcomed the move. It is “a convincing team of experienced heads and people bringing new energy who represent the breath of the CDU,” he told the Funke media group. “Now we need a new emphasis in terms of substance and must ensure our conservative element is recognisable and that and we can hold our own in a grand coalition,” he said. Many in the CDU were angry that Merkel agreed to give the SPD the powerful finance and foreign ministries to do a deal. Merkel also, as expected, will put long-standing ally Peter Altmaier in charge of the economy ministry and keep Ursula von der Leyen, whose star has faded after being tipped as a possible successor to Merkel, as defence minister. The CDU head in the state of Rhineland Palatinate Julia Kloeckner will take agriculture. Other CDU ministers are new faces. Anja Karliczek, 46, will take over as education minister and Helge Braun, 45, will take over the chancellor’s office. After 12 years as chancellor and almost 18 years as CDU chief, Merkel’s authority is waning and the party is starting to think about her successor. In the last few years, Merkel has faced parliamentary revolts from some conservatives over international bailouts for Greece, and much grumbling over her liberal refugee policy. A further blow came in November when she failed to agree on a coalition deal with two smaller parties, forcing her to turn to the SPD with which she shared power from 2013 to 2017. A reluctant partner, having seen support fall to its lowest since World War Two in the election, the SPD announces the result of a members’ postal ballot on March 4. The outcome is unclear but there are some signs that they will give their nod. If members vote “no”, the most likely outcome is a new election or possibly a minority government. Some analysts say the prospect of a new election will spur SPD members into voting ‘yes’ because their party has slumped further in opinion polls. An Emnid poll on Sunday showed the SPD down two points from a week ago at 17 percent. In response to growing rumblings in her party about her future, Merkel had promised to “renew” her government. She took a big step to grooming a successor last week by nominating ally Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer, premier of the tiny western Saarland state, to take over as CDU general secretary. The SPD and CSU will announce their cabinet choices later. 
967823128998146048	2018-02-25 18:06:29	https://t.co/Qzp1a5cndw	Italy's poor south looks to 5-Star for hope at election https://t.co/Qzp1a5cndw	 POMIGLIANO D’ARCO, Italy (Reuters) - In a baroque church in Pomigliano d’Arco at the foot of Mount Vesuvius, a cluster of struggling Italians receiving food and other hand-outs from the local priest have no doubt who to back in the March 4 parliamentary election. The poor, as well as the priest and his team of volunteers, say they will vote for the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement, the only party they believe offers hope of renewal for one of Europe’s most economically deprived regions. “There is no work here and the other parties have abandoned us,” says 58-year-old Domenico Ilardi, who was recently laid off from his administrative job at an aeronautics company. Opinion polls give 5-Star about 28 percent of the vote making it Italy’s leading party. Its ratings are far higher in southern towns such as Pomigliano, where a Fiat car plant has shed about 14,000 of the 18,000 workers it had in its 1980s heyday and unemployment is twice the national average. Nevertheless, because Italy’s voting system favors pre-election alliances rejected by 5-Star, it has little chance of governing on its own and lags the conservative coalition of former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi. A new electoral law, approved by parliament in October despite 5-Star’s opposition, allows parties to form alliances before the election to maximize their total votes, even if they have no common program or common leader. To win a working majority in parliament, pollsters say Berlusconi’s four-party center-right bloc which dominates in the north, must defeat 5-Star in dozens of southern marginal seats, of which Pomigliano, near Naples, is a prime example. Best known for the Fiat factory and a scandal involving toxic industrial waste buried in its surrounding countryside by the local mafia, Pomigliano is a maze of nondescript streets with no green spaces and narrow pavements. It is also the home town of 5-Star’s leader Luigi Di Maio, who faces a tough challenge there from center-right rival Vittorio Sgarbi, a celebrity art critic known for his foul-mouthed tirades on television talk shows. Sgarbi has called the 31-year-old Di Maio an ignorant goat and a cockroach, among other less flattering things. (Graphic: Parties, policies, polls - tmsnrt.rs/2BNVobt) 5-Star has been written off many times since it took 25 percent of the vote at its first election in 2013. Yet despite internal divisions, policy U-turns and legal investigations in the handful of cities it runs, its support has held up and continued to rise. Analysts say this is largely because voters still see it as less crooked and self-serving than its rivals. In Pomigliano, the church’s 76-year-old priest Giuseppe Gambardella, known to everyone as Don Peppino, helps about 800 of the town’s poorest pay bills and buy medicines. Gambardella talks affectionately about Di Maio, who attended his church as a boy, and he says 5-Star, formed nine years ago by comedian Beppe Grillo, is“the only party that offers hope of a new way of doing things”. The priest says the poor he helps in Pomigliano have seen nothing of Italy’s modest economic recovery over the last four years. “Poverty has risen dramatically, there are people who cannot pay their bills who ask us for candles to light their houses, like in wartime,” he says. The 5-Star party’s strong anti-corruption message and its promise of universal income support for the poor strike a chord among millions in southern Italy, where political graft and organized crime are endemic, and work is scarce. The anger the party feeds off is strongest in the south. A poll published last week by the Demetra agency, showed 5-Star winning 38 percent of the vote in southern regions, twice as much as any other party. The maverick movement was ahead of the center-right coalition in most southern areas, while the ruling Democratic Party, blamed by many in the south for failing to improve their plight, risks being all but wiped out everywhere south of Rome. Pomigliano’s 78-year-old mayor, Lello Russo, a veteran center-right politician with a strong local following, has no time for Di Maio or his party. Speaking in the study of his home, surrounded by floor-to-ceiling shelves of books and documents, Lello said 5-Star had no political culture and described Di Maio as a clever opportunist. “If people here vote with their hearts they will vote for Di Maio, because he is from Pomigliano, but if they use their heads they should vote for the center-right,” he said. A former surgeon, Lello said he used to work in the hospital where Di Maio was born and joked:“If I had known what we were in for, maybe I could have intervened in some way.” However, he also regretted the center-right’s choice of candidate, saying Sgarbi, from northern Italy, had alienated locals with his vulgar insults. “I was beside him on the stage when he called Di Maio a‘fried fart’ and it made me shudder,” he said. In Italy’s south, turnout at elections is always lower than in the rest of the country, so 5-Star must overcome not only its center-right opponents but also the region’s notorious apathy and cynicism toward politicians in general. Nicola Coppola, the 76-year-old owner of a ramshackle motorbike and bicycle shop in Pomigliano, typified the approach of many in the south when asked who he would vote for. “I will decide at the last moment. If I need a favor I will go to the right person and see who can help me out,” he said. 
967819293080670210	2018-02-25 17:51:15	https://t.co/AhfCZwPejW	South Korea brings curtain down on its 'Peace Games': https://t.co/AhfCZwPejW See highlights from #Pyeongchang2018… https://t.co/x80TQCSUO9	 PYEONGCHANG, South Korea (Reuters) - South Korea brought the curtain down on its“Peace Games” on Sunday, with winter sports athletes dancing and singing together at a vibrant closing ceremony, though there was little warmth between dignitaries from the United States and North Korea. South Korea President Moon Jae-in, who hopes to use these Games as an opportunity to engage with the North, warmly greeted U.S. President Donald Trump’s daughter Ivanka before offering a brief handshake to North Korean delegation leader Kim Yong Chol. Despite the cool body language, Moon’s efforts may be bearing fruit. The South’s presidential office said on Sunday that members of the North Korean delegation had expressed the North’s openness to talks with the United States. Trump sat front and center, beside Moon’s wife, while North Korea’s Kim was seated a row behind, decked out in a long black jacket and furry hat. Sitting two seats along from him was General Vincent Brooks, the commander of U.S. Forces Korea. Kim’s appearance at the closing ceremony has been greeted with outrage by some in South Korea. The former North Korean intelligence chief is accused of having been behind a deadly 2010 attack on a South Korean warship. South Korean protesters tried to block Kim’s motorcade to the closing ceremony earlier in the day. Despite the divisions and distrust between the two Koreas, they agreed to have their athletes march together at both the opening and closing ceremonies under a banner of unification. They also fielded a unified women’s ice hockey team. International Olympic Committee (IOC) President Thomas Bach paid tribute to the athletes, saying they were an example to the world. “You have shown how sport brings people together in our fragile world; you have shown how sport builds bridges,” he said.“The IOC will continue this Olympic dialogue, even after we extinguish the Olympic flame. “In this, we are driven by our faith in the future.” During his speech, Bach invited several athletes to join him on stage, including South Korea’s gold medalist skeleton rider Yun Sung-bin, North Korean figure skater Ryom Tae Ok, American skier Lindsey Vonn and Tongan flag carrier Pita Taufatofua. Bach signed off by calling upon the youth of the world to gather in Beijing in four years’ time for the 2022 Winter Games. With the ceremony showcasing cutting-edge South Korean technology and a remarkable drone show that dotted out the image of the Games mascot Soohorang, a white tiger, in the night sky, athletes marched into the stadium, many wearing their medals. The Russian flag, absent at the opening ceremony, was again nowhere to be seen after the IOC decided not to lift the suspension on their country. It was a bitter-sweet day for Russian athletes, who after savoring the high of winning a nail-biting men’s ice hockey final on Sunday then had to march without their flag. Russians were forced to compete as neutral athletes at Pyeongchang, an IOC punishment for years of drug scandals involving allegations that Russia ran a systematic, state-backed drug-cheating program. 
967817781054816258	2018-02-25 17:45:14	https://t.co/vhDQOcvCkR	Brazil court lifts bank secrecy in bribery probe involving Temer https://t.co/vhDQOcvCkR	 BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazil’s top prosecutor has obtained a Supreme Court order to lift the bank secrecy of several people and companies under investigation in a port corruption case that has implicated President Michel Temer. A spokesperson for Public Prosecutor Raquel Dodge said Justice Roberto Barroso had agreed to allow prosecutors to probe bank accounts, tax information and emails, but declined to name the people or companies that are being targeted. Globo TV reported on Saturday night that prosecutors and police also want to probe the president’s bank accounts, tax information and telephone calls. The case involving alleged bribery in obtaining the extension of port concessions last year is the only pending corruption case that involves the president. The head of Brazil’s federal police, Fernando Segovia, told Reuters two weeks ago that the investigation had found no evidence of corruption and could soon conclude no crime was committed. Justice Barroso called the police chief in last week to explain his comments on an on-going investigation. 
967817781038198792	2018-02-25 17:45:14	https://t.co/Qc9LwoV8ey	Israeli navy kills Palestinian after boat breaches sailing limit, military says https://t.co/Qc9LwoV8ey	 JERUSALEM (Reuters) - A Palestinian from the Gaza Strip died on Sunday after the Israeli navy fired on the boat he and two others were sailing in, a military spokeswoman said. The navy opened fire after the boat ignored warnings and strayed from a permitted fishing area in the northern Gaza Strip towards Israel, the spokeswoman said. One of the men in the boat was seriously wounded and later died. But the Gaza fishermen’s union said the boat was targeted as it was making its way back to Gaza, and Nizar Ayyash, the secretary of the Gaza fishermen’s syndicate, said in a statement that the men did not violate the maritime limit. The union and his family named the dead man as 18-year-old Ismail Saleh Abu Reyala. Fishermen called an immediate two-day strike. Israel maintains a naval blockade on the Gaza Strip, which is dominated by Hamas Islamists. It patrols the waters to stop arms from being smuggled into the enclave and to stop militants trying to attack or infiltrate its territory from the sea. “Israeli forces targeted a Palestinian fishing boat which was on the way back to Gaza shore, which led to the death of one fisherman and wounding two others,” the fishermen’s union said. The military spokeswoman said a Palestinian vessel with three suspects aboard was shot at after it had deviated from the designated fishing zone in the northern Gaza Strip. “Naval forces called on the suspects to stop and when they did not comply, warning shots were fired into the air. Upon their continued advancement, shots were fired towards the vessel. Subsequently, one of the suspects was severely injured and he later succumbed to his wounds. The other two suspects were handed to security forces for interrogation,” she said. Fishing is one of the biggest industries in the Gaza Strip, a coastal enclave of almost 2 million inhabitants. Over the past two years, Israel has detained dozens of Gaza fishermen who have strayed beyond the border, a senior naval commander said. Boats are not allowed to stray beyond a fixed limit to the north towards Israeli waters, and Egypt keeps similar limitations to the south-west. Israel restricts fishing to a seasonally adjusted zone of between six and nine nautical miles. 
967816482058104834	2018-02-25 17:40:05	https://t.co/K5sM3ZPRPg	U.S. Supreme Court weighs Microsoft overseas data fight https://t.co/K5sM3ZPRPg https://t.co/m9s86YvAHb	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A major privacy rights fight between Microsoft Corp and the Justice Department reaches the Supreme Court this week, with the justices considering whether U.S. law allows prosecutors to compel technology companies to hand over data stored overseas. The nine justices will hear arguments on Tuesday in a case that pits the interests of tech companies and privacy advocates in safeguarding customer data against the demands of law enforcement in obtaining information crucial to criminal and counterterrorism investigations. The case began with a 2013 warrant obtained by prosecutors for emails of a suspect in a drug trafficking investigation that were stored in Microsoft computer servers in Dublin. The company challenged whether a domestic warrant covered data stored abroad. The Justice Department said because Microsoft is based in the United States, prosecutors were entitled to the data. The case is being closely watched by other countries wrestling with similar concerns, including members of the European Union. A ruling is due by the end of June. A 2016 decision by the New York-based 2nd U.S. Court of Appeals siding with Microsoft marked a victory for tech firms that increasingly offer cloud computing services in which data is stored remotely. President Donald Trump’s administration appealed that ruling to the Supreme Court. Globally dominant American tech companies have expressed concern that customers will go elsewhere if they think the U.S. government’s reach extends to data centers all around the world without changes being made to the law. Microsoft, which has 100 data centers in 40 countries, was the first American company to challenge a domestic search warrant seeking data held outside the United States. Brad Smith, Microsoft’s president and chief legal officer, told reporters last week the U.S. government should not be able to act unilaterally to access such data without taking into account the laws and interests of other countries. “It’s more likely to be a recipe for international tension and chaos,” Smith said. Solicitor General Noel Francisco, the administration’s top lawyer in Supreme Court cases, said in court papers that a ruling for Microsoft“would hamper domestic law enforcement and counterterrorism efforts.” If the Supreme Court were to rule in favor of Microsoft, the government could still gain access data held overseas, but the process would be more cumbersome and potentially take longer. Lawmakers are considering making changes to the 1986 law. Bipartisan legislation has been introduced in Congress to update the statute, a move backed by both Microsoft and the administration. The measure would let U.S. judges issue warrants while giving companies an avenue to object if the request conflicts with foreign law. If Congress were to pass the bill before the Supreme Court rules, the case would likely become moot. Though Microsoft is based in the United States - Redmond, Washington, to be precise - the appeals court said the emails were beyond the reach of domestic search warrants obtained under a 1986 U.S. law called the Stored Communications Act. The Microsoft customer whose emails were sought told the company he was based in Ireland when he signed up for his account. Other companies including IBM Corp, Amazon.com Inc, Apple Inc, Verizon Communications Inc and Alphabet Inc’s Google filed court papers backing Microsoft. Google has mounted challenges similar to Microsoft’s. The administration has the support of 35 states led by Vermont who say they routinely seek access to data stored overseas, especially in cases involving child pornography. Several foreign governments, including Ireland and Britain, filed court papers raising concerns about the U.S. government’s position. Ireland’s government said in its brief that the question of how law enforcement authorities can access such information is already covered by a 2001 treaty with the United States that allows for information sharing and enforcement of court orders. The treaty’s procedures“represent the most appropriate means to address requests such as those which are the object of the warrant in question,” Ireland’s brief said. The European Commission, representing the 28-country European Union, filed a brief saying that when a country is seeking data from outside its jurisdiction“the interests and laws of that foreign jurisdiction must be taken into account.” The Supreme Court has ruled twice in recent years in major cases concerning how criminal law applies to new technology, both times ruling against law enforcement. In 2012, the court held that a warrant is required to place a GPS tracking device on a vehicle. In 2014, the court ruled that police need a warrant to search a cellphone seized during an arrest. In the court’s current term, which ends in June, the justices are due to rule on another privacy issue on whether police need search warrants to access cellphone location information held by wireless carriers. Based on the Nov. 29 oral argument, the justices appear likely to rule against law enforcement again. 
967813315077558272	2018-02-25 17:27:30	https://t.co/fsSMFHBay8	Merkel confirms she would give arch critic job in a new German cabinet https://t.co/fsSMFHBay8	 BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel said she would promote her most prominent critic from within her conservative party, 37-year old Jens Spahn, to a coalition cabinet, in a sign she has heeded calls for renewal to revive her grumbling party. Although she has agreed a deal with the leaders of the Social Democrats (SPD) for a new“grand coalition”, Merkel needs the blessing of both camps to be sure of a fourth term. Approval from SPD members is far from certain. She announced her choice of six cabinet ministers from her Christian Democrats (CDU) before the party votes on the deal on Monday. There are as many women as men and Merkel said she was the only one who is over 60 years of age. She said she had put together a young, dynamic team which represents something of a new start for the party which slumped to its worst result since 1949 in a September election, bleeding support to the far right Alternative for Germany (AfD). “It was my task to present a tableau of people that is future-oriented and that offers a good mix of experience and new faces,” said Merkel.“This is anything but easy.” Handing Spahn the post of health minister is an indication that she wants to assuage her critics who have called for fresh blood and a new direction. Spahn is a champion of the party’s right who has fiercely attacked her open-door asylum policy. A deputy finance minister since 2015, he was previously the CDU’s health expert and he makes little secret of his ambitions to rise to the top. “Jens Spahn is not the only one to make critical comments. That is okay and nevertheless there is the task of making a good difference in Germany. I believe he wants to contribute to that, just like all other cabinet members,” said Merkel. While the decision is a sign of how much Merkel’s position has weakened, it may be a shrewd move to stretch an olive branch to her most outspoken critic to keep him on board. Initial reactions were broadly positive. Carsten Linnemann, head of the Mittlestand Association of the CDU/CSU, no fan of a grand coalition, welcomed the move. It is“a convincing team of experienced heads and people bringing new energy who represent the breath of the CDU,” he told the Funke media group. “Now we need a new emphasis in terms of substance and must ensure our conservative element is recognisable and that and we can hold our own in a grand coalition,” he said. Many in the CDU were angry that Merkel agreed to give the SPD the powerful finance and foreign ministries to do a deal. Merkel also, as expected, will put long-standing ally Peter Altmaier in charge of the economy ministry and keep Ursula von der Leyen, whose star has faded after being tipped as a possible successor to Merkel, as defence minister. The CDU head in the state of Rhineland Palatinate Julia Kloeckner will take agriculture. Other CDU ministers are new faces. Anja Karliczek, 46, will take over as education minister and Helge Braun, 45, will take over the chancellor’s office. After 12 years as chancellor and almost 18 years as CDU chief, Merkel’s authority is waning and the party is starting to think about her successor. In the last few years, Merkel has faced parliamentary revolts from some conservatives over international bailouts for Greece, and much grumbling over her liberal refugee policy. A further blow came in November when she failed to agree on a coalition deal with two smaller parties, forcing her to turn to the SPD with which she shared power from 2013 to 2017. A reluctant partner, having seen support fall to its lowest since World War Two in the election, the SPD announces the result of a members’ postal ballot on March 4. The outcome is unclear but there are some signs that they will give their nod. If members vote“no”, the most likely outcome is a new election or possibly a minority government. Some analysts say the prospect of a new election will spur SPD members into voting‘yes’ because their party has slumped further in opinion polls. An Emnid poll on Sunday showed the SPD down two points from a week ago at 17 percent. In response to growing rumblings in her party about her future, Merkel had promised to“renew” her government. She took a big step to grooming a successor last week by nominating ally Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer, premier of the tiny western Saarland state, to take over as CDU general secretary. The SPD and CSU will announce their cabinet choices later. 
967811157674295297	2018-02-25 17:18:55	https://t.co/aB68AaRSIN	North Korea says open to talks with U.S. but condemns sanctions https://t.co/aB68AaRSIN	 SEOUL/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said any talks with North Korea must lead to an end to its nuclear program after senior officials from Pyongyang visiting South Korea said on Sunday their government was open to talks with the United States. The North Korean delegation, in Pyeongchang for the closing ceremony of the Winter Olympics, met at an undisclosed location with South Korean President Moon Jae-in, and expressed a willingness to meet with the United States, Moon’s office said in a statement. The Pyongyang delegation said developments in relations between the two Koreas and between North Korea and the United States should go hand in hand, according to the statement. The Olympics gave a boost to recent engagement between the two Koreas after more than a year of sharply rising tensions over the North’s missile program and its sixth and largest nuclear test in defiance of U.N. sanctions. The United States announced on Friday it was imposing its largest package of sanctions aimed at getting North Korea to give up its nuclear and missile programs. On Sunday, North Korean state media accused the United States of provoking confrontation on the Korean peninsula with the sanctions. The White House said its sanctions would continue. “We will see if Pyongyang’s message today, that it is willing to hold talks, represents the first steps along the path to denuclearization,” the White House said in a statement. “In the meantime, the United States and the world must continue to make clear that North Korea’s nuclear and missile programs are a dead end,” it said. Moon, the North Korean delegation, and Ivanka Trump, U.S. President Donald Trump’s daughter, were among dignitaries who attended the Olympics closing ceremony on Sunday. Ivanka Trump, a senior White House adviser, did not interact with the North Korean delegation, a senior U.S. administration official said. She met Moon on Friday as part of a weekend trip leading the U.S. delegation to the closing ceremony. North Korea sent former military intelligence chief Kim Yong Chol, an official accused of being behind a deadly 2010 attack on a South Korean warship, to lead its delegation. The decision enraged the families of 46 sailors killed in the torpedo attack and threatened the mood of rapprochement that Seoul sought to create at what it called the“Peace Games.” North Korea has denied its involvement in the sinking. Moon met Kim in Pyeongchang, where the Olympics were held, before the closing ceremony, the South Korean government said. Earlier, about 100 conservative South Korean lawmakers and activists staged a sit-in near the border with North Korea, to protest Kim’s arrival and facing off against about 2,500 South Korean police. The North’s delegation took a different route, prompting the opposition Korea Liberty Party to accuse Moon’s administration of“abuse of power and an act of treason” by rerouting the motorcade to shield it from the protest. The North sent Kim Yo Jong, the younger sister of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, to the opening ceremony. She was the center of a frenzy of attention, especially when she appeared at the opening ceremony and was only a few feet from U.S. Vice President Mike Pence. They did not speak. Kim Yo Jong and the North’s nominal head of state were the most senior North Korean officials to visit the South in more than a decade. The North Korean leader later said he wanted to create a“warm climate of reconciliation and dialogue.” The U.S. president, in announcing the new sanctions on Friday, warned of a“phase two” that could be“very, very unfortunate for the world” if the sanctions did not work. North Korea denounced the sanctions in a statement carried on its state media and said a blockade by the United States would be considered an act of war. China also reacted angrily, saying on Saturday the unilateral targeting of Chinese firms and people risked harming cooperation on North Korea. Moon won election last year promising to try to improve relations with the North. 
967809260842348545	2018-02-25 17:11:23	https://t.co/omnJSQz0aH	Quake, magnitude 5.5, strikes Japan https://t.co/omnJSQz0aH	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - An earthquake of magnitude 5.5 struck 78 miles from Honshu, Japan on Sunday, according to the U.S. Geological Survey. The quake had a depth of 6.2 miles, according to the USGS. 
967808423613124608	2018-02-25 17:08:03	https://t.co/16SI4jk7Us	Top quotes from #Pyeongchang2018 on the final day of the Winter Games: https://t.co/16SI4jk7Us More coverage:… https://t.co/K9CdNgkJ9Q	 (Reuters) - Memorable quotes from the Pyeongchang Olympics on Sunday: “I am a Bavarian, I always drink with alcohol. I need it. One beer a day is no problem.” - German bobsleigh pilot Johannes Lochner dismisses reports that the German team drink non-alcoholic beer during the Games. “It was a mask. I was nervous but I did not want to show it. This match was the most important one in my life.” - Coach Oleg Znarok on keeping his cool as his Olympic Athletes from Russia team beat Germany 4-3 to win men’s ice hockey gold medal. “They were cold as ice and really alert today.” - Carl XVI Gustaf, King of Sweden, savors his nation’s women’s curling gold medal. “It’s been an incredible career for me, and after being a mum, it’s hard to stay away from home and these three weeks I was away from my son also, it’s been tough, and to finish like this is amazing.” - Norway’s Marit Bjoergen on signing off her Olympic career with a gold medal in women’s 30km mass start cross-country ski race. “It’s true, I eat a lot of chocolate, it’s sort of doping for me.” - Alpine skiing and snowboard gold medalist Ester Ledecka of Czech Republic on her love for chocolate. “Kind of we had a hand on the gold medal, but still, you know I’m so proud of my team and we played such a great Olympics. We’re going home with a medal and it’s just a great honor and we’re so excited.” - German ice hockey player Christian Ehrhoff on losing gold medal match earlier and then being at the closing ceremony. 
967806924573069312	2018-02-25 17:02:06	https://t.co/x5a9HlDcnd	ICYMI: Skaters let their hair down at final Olympic event https://t.co/x5a9HlDcnd by @ElaineLies More from… https://t.co/w4BEu4y1GG	 GANGNEUNG, South Korea (Reuters) - Rappers, Spiderman and a sultry tiger took to the ice on Sunday as the world’s top skaters let their creativity take over in a gala exhibition, the final figure skating event at the Pyeongchang Games. Galas are a traditional part of any major figure skating competition, allowing fans to glimpse a different side of the skaters, who do moves and routines not usually permitted under competition rules. Each skater works up a separate routine that they use all year. Props and original costumes are also permitted. Alina Zagitova, the women’s singles champion, wore a tiger-striped costume and set a lit candle on the ice for her sultry routine to“Afro Blue” by Jazzmeia Horn, while Uzbekistan’s Misha Ge came out in a boxing robe and gloves. Canada’s bronze-winning pair Meagan Duhamel and Eric Radford used a folding chair for an emotional rendition of Billy Joel’s“Piano Man”. Others went for comedy. Ice dancers Anna Cappellini and Luca Lanotte of Italy did a Charlie Chaplin routine to a medley of themes from his movies, drawing laughter and applause, as did pairs skaters and compatriots Valentina Marchei and Ondrej Hotarek, who skated to“Barbie Girl”. Pairs skaters Ryom Tae Ok and Kim Ju Sik, the only North Korean athletes who qualified for the Games instead of being allowed to take part, drew the loudest roars from the crowd for their routine to a song whose title means“Nice to Meet You,” during which they waved and bowed to the arena. Boyang Jin of China, known for his quadruple jump prowess, obliged with several in his“Spiderman” routine. Japanese men’s champion Yuzuru Hanyu’s routine was dedicated to the victims of Japan’s massive March 2011 earthquake and tsunami. Spain’s bronze medalist Javier Fernandez from Spain, however, stole the show when he came out carrying a gym bag in a routine that depicted an aerobics class. Flirting shamelessly with the crowd with lines that included“You can call me later” and“A body like this just doesn’t happen,” he performed pushups to“Let’s Get Physical” before stripping down to a muscle shirt and Superman cape. Once the skaters cleared the ice, volunteers who have helped at the venue piled on to it to take selfies and chat around the Olympic rings, signaling the end of the show. Until Beijing in 2022. 
967804588454707200	2018-02-25 16:52:49	https://t.co/jkxVZ8BP28	Nigeria says 110 girls unaccounted for after Boko Haram attack https://t.co/jkxVZ8BP28	 ABUJA (Reuters) - One hundred and ten girls are missing after an attack on a school in northeast Nigeria by suspected Boko Haram insurgents, the information ministry said on Sunday, in what may be one of the largest abductions since the Chibok kidnappings of 2014. The Islamist militant group attained international notoriety after abducting more than 270 schoolgirls from the town of Chibok. That case drew global attention to the insurgency and spawned high profile social media campaign Bring Back Our Girls. Boko Haram, whose name translates as“Western education is forbidden” in the Hausa language widely spoken in northern Nigeria, has killed more than 20,000 people and forced two million to flee their homes in a violent insurgency that began in 2009. President Muhammadu Buhari, the 75-year-old former military ruler elected in 2015 after vowing to crush Boko Haram, has described the disappearance of the girls after Monday’s attack in the town of Dapchi, Yobe state, as a“national disaster”. The insurgents drove into the town of Dapchi on Monday and attacked the girls’ school, sending hundreds of students fleeing. Some of the attackers were camouflaged, with witnesses stating that a number of students thought they were soldiers. “The federal government has confirmed that 110 students of the Government Science and Technical College in Dapchi, Yobe State, are so far unaccounted for, after insurgents believed to be from a faction of Boko Haram invaded their school on Monday,” the information ministry said in a statement. There had been confusion over the number of those missing, with estimates ranging from about 50 to more than 100. State police, Yobe government and others had given different figures while a parent representing families of girls who disappeared on Friday told Reuters 105 were missing. Yobe state government added to the confusion when it said on Wednesday that dozens of the girls had been rescued, only to issue a statement the next day saying the schoolgirls were mostly still unaccounted for, sparking anger among locals. The Nigerian Air Force on Sunday said the chief of air staff had“directed the immediate deployment of additional air assets and Nigerian Air Force personnel to the northeast with the sole mission of conducting day and night searches for the missing girls”. “The renewed efforts at locating the girls are being conducted in close liaison with other surface security forces.” Information Minister Lai Mohammed, who was part of a delegation of ministers who met parents and teachers in Dapchi and announced the number of missing girls, also said police and security officials had been deployed to schools in the state. 
967803442642194432	2018-02-25 16:48:16	https://t.co/53SrwK31Kz	Italy's Berlusconi regales fans a week ahead of vote https://t.co/53SrwK31Kz	 MILAN (Reuters) - Italian center-right leader Silvio Berlusconi entertained a theater packed with supporters in Milan on Sunday, a week ahead of a parliamentary election at which his coalition is expected to win the most votes. During the rally, an unusual event in a campaign so far largely dedicated to TV talk shows, the 81-year-old spoke for more than two hours as around 1,000 fans cheered, clapped and waved the flag of his Forza Italia (Go Italy!) party. “You have a mandate to be missionaries of freedom and democracy this week,” he said, flashing a bright smile and showing little of the fatigue that has marked his recent appearances. The coalition, which also includes the eurosceptic League and nationalist Brothers of Italy, was leading in the final polls ahead of the March 4 vote, although it looks likely to fall short of a working majority. The four-times premier cracked a stream of jokes, even on the topic of joblessness, which remains sensitive in a country with one of the lowest employment rates in the euro zone. He described having read a university study which he said showed that by 2040 technological developments would mean only half the currently employed workforce would be necessary. “We need to decide whether we all go to the park and look at other people’s babysitters, or if we create something new, which would be preferable,” he said, to laughter from the crowd. Support for Forza Italia has almost halved since 2001, but regained some ground in the last year and was ahead of its main coalition partner the League in most polls before a two-week blackout period kicked in. Numerous legal cases, sex scandals, and a ban from office due to a 2013 tax fraud conviction have not reduced his personal appeal among die-hard fans. “He just gets better, he’s always so endearing,” said Vincenza Mattiello, a 43 year-old school worker from near Naples, in southern Italy, who attended Sunday’s event with her son.“Even if we don’t see much of him, we believe in him.” Berlusconi has yet to formally announce who would be his prime minister candidate if Forza Italia gets more votes than its allies, but he said on Sunday that the work of government should be undertaken by people with experience outside politics. “We need to have protagonists of so-called real life in the cabinet,” he said.“Protagonists of business, management, the professions, culture.” A coalition plan to introduce a flat tax for individuals and firms - a suggestion Berlusconi made while in power but never realized - has been one of the most discussed of the campaign. Such economic considerations are the main reason to vote Forza Italia, said Alberto Giovenco, a 34-year-old from Sicily who runs an agricultural company, and watched Sunday’s event on a screen in the lobby of the theater when seats ran out. “If you cut taxes you can hire young people,” Giovenco said.“Berlusconi is the only one who can really do something. He has experience, he’s a businessman.” 
967801383675138048	2018-02-25 16:40:05	https://t.co/yJ5eIXwIed	Thousands rally in Moscow to commemorate slain opposition leader before election https://t.co/yJ5eIXwIed https://t.co/HZWldEKC25	 MOSCOW (Reuters) - Thousands marched through central Moscow on Sunday to commemorate murdered Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov, calling for President Vladimir Putin to be ousted just three weeks before a presidential election. Nemtsov, one of Putin’s most vocal critics, was shot dead on Feb. 27, 2015 as he walked across a bridge near the Kremlin. Aged 55, he had been working on a report examining Russia’s role in the conflict in Ukraine. His killing sent a chill through opposition circles, and initiated annual marches in Moscow that have united different opposition parties and those discontented with the authorities. Some blame Putin for Nemtsov’s death but he has never responded to such accusations. In 2015, he said the murder had a“provocative nature” and later that he was closely watching the investigation process. “Nemtsov’s murder is a political act of terror. All the responsibility for the murder is on Putin,” presidential candidate for the Yabloko liberal party, Grigory Yavlinsky told Dozhd TV channel in a live broadcast from the march. According to White Counter, an NGO that counts participants at rallies using metal detector frames, around 7,600 people took part in the Moscow march for which organisers had been granted permission by the city authorities. Several hundred people also rallied in a central square in St. Petersburg, chanting“Russia will be free”, a Dozhd TV broadcast showed. In mid-2017 a Russian court sentenced Zaur Dadayev, a former soldier in Chechnya, to 20 years in jail for killing Nemtsov and handed terms of between 11 and 19 years to four other men convicted of being his accomplices. But Nemtsov’s supporters said Dadayev and the others were only low-level operatives. The case remained unsolved, they said, because those who had ordered, financed and organized the hit had not been caught. “We must make sure that those who ordered and organized the murder are detected,” Russian opposition politician Mikhail Kasyanov said in the Dozhd channel live stream from the march. Ksenia Sobchak, another contender for the March election where Putin is widely expected to win, also took part in the rally, standing in the front line of a column that slowly moved through a 2.2 kilometer (1.4 miles) long route past metal fences guarded by police. Opposition leader Alexei Navalny, who has been barred from running in the election, was also present, according to a Reuters cameraman. People, marching at minus 14 degrees Celsius (7 degrees Fahrenheit), carried Russian flags and portraits of Nemtsov, occasionally chanting“Russia without Putin”, a usual slogan that can be heard at opposition rallies. Carrying a tablet saying“I’m not afraid” and a bouquet of red roses, one participant, Andrei Biryukov from Moscow, told Reuters why he had come to commemorate Nemtsov. “If our country was ruled by people like Nemtsov, we would live in a normal European country with free and independent people. That’s why I’m here,” said Biryukov. 
967798924550590464	2018-02-25 16:30:19	https://t.co/Dxnw6kI0JT	Telefonica launches 'Aura' voice assistant in six countries https://t.co/Dxnw6kI0JT https://t.co/osXPZRjiM4	 BARCELONA (Reuters) - Spanish mobile operator Telefonica on Sunday launched a voice-activated assistant, called‘Aura’, in six countries, using artificial intelligence to interact with its customers. The announcement, on the eve of the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, comes a year after Telefonica promised a makeover in response to U.S. tech giants like Amazon, whose interactive aide Alexa has become a big seller. Telefonica, present in 17 markets across Europe and Latin America, is offering its assistant in Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Germany, Spain and Britain. “A year ago we said we wanted artificial intelligence to be the basis of our clients’ relationship with us and we are delivering on our promise,” Chairman Jose Maria Alvarez-Pallete said on Sunday. “Digitalization is the core of our business and thanks to the deep internal transformation that we have undergone in the last eight years we have become a company of smart platforms.” European telecoms have struggled to grow as regulators crack down on roaming fees, data prices erode, and opportunities to achieve economies of scale by merging fade because markets are already concentrated. They also face a struggle to keep up with so-called platform companies like Amazon, Google or Facebook that have proven highly adept at using customer data to sell products, services or advertising online. Aura won’t seek to compete - instead it will operate as a branded app in Argentina, Brazil and Britain, will run on Telefonica’s pay-TV platform in Spain, while being available via Facebook Messenger in Chile and Germany. It will soon be integrated with Google Assistant, as well as Microsoft’s Cortana in 2019, Telefonica said. Telefonica, which has invested 56 billion euros ($69 billion) in its digital upgrade since 2012, forecast last week that sales would grow by 1 percent this year - slower than the high double digits achieved by U.S. players. It also said it was working with Deutsche Telekom of Germany, Dutch KPN and Orange of France on a so-called data-portability initiative. This comes before new European Union rules that enter force in May - called the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) - that give customers greater rights over how their personal data is handled by companies. Data portability foresees allowing people to receive or transfer data collected about them online, in an accessible form, as part of a wider policy agenda of shielding citizens from corporate surveillance. ($1 = 0.8135 euros) 
967795889468305409	2018-02-25 16:18:15	https://t.co/GvkW7L6lCw	Weakened Merkel hands arch critic a job in German cabinet: source https://t.co/GvkW7L6lCw	 BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel said she would promote her most prominent critic from within her conservative party, 37-year old Jens Spahn, to a coalition cabinet, in a sign she has heeded calls for renewal to revive her grumbling party. Although she has agreed a deal with the leaders of the Social Democrats (SPD) for a new“grand coalition”, Merkel needs the blessing of both camps to be sure of a fourth term. Approval from SPD members is far from certain. She announced her choice of six cabinet ministers from her Christian Democrats (CDU) before the party votes on the deal on Monday. There are as many women as men and Merkel said she was the only one who is over 60 years of age. She said she had put together a young, dynamic team which represents something of a new start for the party which slumped to its worst result since 1949 in a September election, bleeding support to the far right Alternative for Germany (AfD). “It was my task to present a tableau of people that is future-oriented and that offers a good mix of experience and new faces,” said Merkel.“This is anything but easy.” Handing Spahn the post of health minister is an indication that she wants to assuage her critics who have called for fresh blood and a new direction. Spahn is a champion of the party’s right who has fiercely attacked her open-door asylum policy. A deputy finance minister since 2015, he was previously the CDU’s health expert and he makes little secret of his ambitions to rise to the top. “Jens Spahn is not the only one to make critical comments. That is okay and nevertheless there is the task of making a good difference in Germany. I believe he wants to contribute to that, just like all other cabinet members,” said Merkel. While the decision is a sign of how much Merkel’s position has weakened, it may be a shrewd move to stretch an olive branch to her most outspoken critic to keep him on board. Initial reactions were broadly positive. Carsten Linnemann, head of the Mittlestand Association of the CDU/CSU, no fan of a grand coalition, welcomed the move. It is“a convincing team of experienced heads and people bringing new energy who represent the breath of the CDU,” he told the Funke media group. “Now we need a new emphasis in terms of substance and must ensure our conservative element is recognisable and that and we can hold our own in a grand coalition,” he said. Many in the CDU were angry that Merkel agreed to give the SPD the powerful finance and foreign ministries to do a deal. Merkel also, as expected, will put long-standing ally Peter Altmaier in charge of the economy ministry and keep Ursula von der Leyen, whose star has faded after being tipped as a possible successor to Merkel, as defence minister. The CDU head in the state of Rhineland Palatinate Julia Kloeckner will take agriculture. Other CDU ministers are new faces. Anja Karliczek, 46, will take over as education minister and Helge Braun, 45, will take over the chancellor’s office. After 12 years as chancellor and almost 18 years as CDU chief, Merkel’s authority is waning and the party is starting to think about her successor. In the last few years, Merkel has faced parliamentary revolts from some conservatives over international bailouts for Greece, and much grumbling over her liberal refugee policy. A further blow came in November when she failed to agree on a coalition deal with two smaller parties, forcing her to turn to the SPD with which she shared power from 2013 to 2017. A reluctant partner, having seen support fall to its lowest since World War Two in the election, the SPD announces the result of a members’ postal ballot on March 4. The outcome is unclear but there are some signs that they will give their nod. If members vote“no”, the most likely outcome is a new election or possibly a minority government. Some analysts say the prospect of a new election will spur SPD members into voting‘yes’ because their party has slumped further in opinion polls. An Emnid poll on Sunday showed the SPD down two points from a week ago at 17 percent. In response to growing rumblings in her party about her future, Merkel had promised to“renew” her government. She took a big step to grooming a successor last week by nominating ally Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer, premier of the tiny western Saarland state, to take over as CDU general secretary. The SPD and CSU will announce their cabinet choices later. 
967795875841019906	2018-02-25 16:18:12	https://t.co/PMB5DoazvM	South Africa's ANC says wants to alleviate impact of VAT hike on poor https://t.co/PMB5DoazvM	 PRETORIA (Reuters) - South Africa’s ruling African National Congress (ANC) said on Sunday that it wants to alleviate the impact on the poor of an increase in value-added tax by adding more zero-rated and tax-free items. ANC Secretary General Ace Magashule said in televised remarks the party would look at a range of measures to alleviate any negative consequences for the poor, including increases to the number of zero-rated and tax-exempted items. The VAT increase, the first in 25 years, has raised concern over its effects on the poor from labor unions and civil society. It is likely to prove unpopular, with a national election due next year. Finance Minister Malusi Gigaba announced on Wednesday the Treasury was taking the politically risky step of raising VAT to 15 percent from 14 percent starting in April, as part of its efforts to cut the deficit and stabilize debt. The move is expected to generate an additional 23 billion rand ($2 billion) of revenue in 2018/19. Magashule also said that party officials on Monday could discuss the issue of cabinet appointments under new President Cyril Ramaphosa. “We don’t have an agenda tomorrow - it’s a normal officials’ meeting. If it comes it will be part of our discussions,” Magashule said in response to questions. Ramaphosa, who was sworn in 10 days ago after his scandal-plagued predecessor Jacob Zuma stepped down, said on Tuesday he planned to take the lifestyles of future government officials into consideration as he put together a new cabinet. 
967793726645944321	2018-02-25 16:09:39	https://t.co/XFc4MCNHCp	Iran detains three more activists after Iranian-Canadian dies in jail https://t.co/XFc4MCNHCp	 DUBAI (Reuters) - Iranian security forces have detained three more environmental activists on spying charges, the judiciary said on Sunday, weeks after a first wave of arrests and the death in detention of an Iranian-Canadian head of a wildlife group. “Three people were recently arrested in (southern) Hormozgan province. I cannot legally give details now ... but there is no doubt that infiltration by the United States and Israel is a serious matter,” said judiciary spokesman Gholamhossein Mohseni Ejei, quoted by the semi-official Fars news agency. After the earlier arrests, Iranian officials said the activists were gathering sensitive information under the guise of scientific and environmental activities. The latest arrests come after the death of Kavous Seyed-Emami, an Iranian-Canadian environmental activist and sociology professor, who was arrested on Jan. 24 and died in prison two weeks later. The judiciary said Seyed-Emami, 63, had committed suicide. The Center for Human Rights in Iran (CHRI), a non-profit group based in New York, said at least nine other staff members and executives of Seyed-Emami’s organization had been arrested on the same day as him. Separately, former Intelligence Minister Ali Yunesi criticized the handling of the case — reportedly managed by the hardline Revolutionary Guards — and suggested the public did not believe the officials’ explanations. “I think the case should be handed over to the Intelligence Ministry for the remainder of the investigation, because in the current situation it would be difficult to persuade the public opinion even if the detainees are actually convicted of espionage,” the state-run daily Iran quoted Yunesi as saying. President Hassan Rouhani, a pragmatic cleric who defeated anti-Western hardliners to win re-election last year, has called for improving Iran’s international ties and reforming the economy. But hardliners still control most security bodies and levers of state power and insist that the Islamic Republic’s main priority should be to fight perceived threats by arch enemies the United States and Israel. Yunesi is an adviser to Rouhani, who appointed a committee earlier this month to look into the“unpleasant incidents in some prisons”. Human rights activists have reported that at least six detainees have died in prisons in the last two months in Iran. The judiciary has confirmed three deaths in custody but said all three were suicides. 
967792640094765056	2018-02-25 16:05:20	https://t.co/UUTzzcMBuh	Iran says Damascus suburbs assault to continue as fighting rages https://t.co/UUTzzcMBuh	 BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iran said pro-Damascus forces would press ahead with attacks on an insurgent enclave near the Syrian capital, as ground fighting raged on there in defiance of a U.N. resolution demanding a 30-day truce across the country. Turkey, too, said its military operations in another theater of war in the north of Syria would not be affected by the unanimous Security Council vote demanding the truce to allow for aid access and medical evacuations. Anti-government rebels said they clashed with pro-government forces near Damascus on Sunday, as rescuers and residents said warplanes struck some towns in the eastern Ghouta pocket. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said air strikes and artillery killed nine people and injured 31 in the eastern suburbs. The UK-based monitoring group said Sunday’s bombing was less intense than attacks over the past week. There was no immediate comment from the Syrian military. The latest escalation by Damascus and its allies has killed more than 500 people in the enclave over the last week, the Observatory says. The dead included more than 120 children. Signaling the war remained a top focus of world leaders, the Kremlin said Russian President Vladimir Putin and French and German counterparts Emmanuel Macron and Angela Merkel spoke by phone and discussed the ceasefire’s implementation. Iranian General Mohammad Baqeri, whose government backs Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, said Tehran and Damascus would respect the U.N. resolution. But the Iranian military chief of staff also said the truce did not cover parts of the Damascus suburbs“held by the terrorists”, the Tasnim news agency said. In Ankara, Turkish Deputy Prime Minister Bekir Bozdag said the U.N. resolution would not affect Turkey’s offensive against Kurdish fighters in Syria’s Kurdish-held Afrin region. Turkey launched an assault last month on Afrin, seeking to drive out the Syrian Kurdish YPG militia which it deems a menace along its border. Several ceasefires have unraveled quickly during the seven-year war in Syria, where Assad’s military has gained the upper hand with the help of Iran and Russia. The U.N. resolution on Saturday followed seven straight days of bombing by pro-government forces on eastern Ghouta, in one of the bloodiest offensives of the war. The Security Council voted unanimously to demand the truce to allow for aid access and medical evacuations. Yet while Moscow supported adopting the resolution, Russian U.N. Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia cast doubt on its feasibility. The resolution does not cover militants from Islamic State, al-Qaeda, and the Nusra Front. Baqeri said Iran and Syria would adhere to it. But“parts of the suburbs of Damascus, which are held by the terrorists, are not covered by the ceasefire and clean-up (operations) will continue there,” Tasnim quoted him as saying. The Syrian government and Russia deny hitting civilians. Moscow and Damascus have said they seek to stop mortar attacks by militants injuring dozens in the capital. The United Nations says nearly 400,000 people live in eastern Ghouta, a pocket of towns and farms under government siege since 2013. It is the only big rebel bastion left near the capital. The two major Islamist factions in Ghouta said they waged fierce battles on Sunday on several fronts around the enclave, where troops and rebels have clashed in recent weeks. Hamza Birqdar, Jaish al-Islam’s military spokesman, said the rebels thwarted attempts by government forces and Iran-backed militias to advance. “In the early hours of dawn today, there were heated battles which Assad’s forces launched,” said Wael Olwan, spokesman for Failaq al-Rahman.“They tried to storm the eastern frontlines. The bombing is ongoing at this moment.” Russia was counting on foreign supporters of anti-government forces to ensure that the ceasefire was observed, the foreign ministry in Moscow said. Moscow has blamed Nusra fighters from al-Qaeda’s former Syria branch for provoking the situation in Ghouta. Both main rebel factions in turn accuse their enemies of using the presence of a few hundred jihadist fighters as a pretext for attacks. Syrian state media said Ghouta insurgents shelled parts of Damascus. An army unit destroyed a rigged vehicle that militants tried to send into the capital a day earlier and killed the suicide attacker, a Syrian military source said. Pope Francis described Syria as“martyred” on Sunday, calling for aid access and an immediate end to violence. “All this is inhuman,” Francis told tens of thousands of people in St. Peter’s Square for his weekly blessing. First responders in eastern Ghouta rushed to look for survivors after air raids on Beit Sawa and Saqba, said the Civil Defence service which operates in rebel territory. A witness in Douma said warplanes were still flying in the morning. People have holed up in basements to hide from the air strikes in recent days, and medical charities decried attacks on more than a dozen hospitals. 
967792640065449984	2018-02-25 16:05:20	https://t.co/bB43Ew7SLQ	Sri Lanka leader reshuffles cabinet after local election rout https://t.co/bB43Ew7SLQ	 COLOMBO (Reuters) - Sri Lanka’s president reshuffled his cabinet on Sunday, appointing his prime minister as the law and order minister, after the governing coalition suffered a series of defeats in local elections earlier this month. The governing coalition of the Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP) and the United National Party (UNP) blamed the defeats at least partly on its lack of progress in several anti-corruption investigations. President Maithripala Sirisena, the leader of the SLFP, and Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe, the head of UNP, won office by promising to investigate corruption under the previous government, led by Mahinda Rajapaksa. But critics charge the investigations slowed under Sagala Ratnayaka, the previous law and order minister, and he will be replaced by Wickremesinghe, who will also remain prime minister. Sirisena said more changes could be expected within the SLFP in the next two weeks. The corruption investigations have focused on family members of Rajapaksa, now a legislator on the opposition benches. They face allegations ranging from misappropriation of state properties to unexplainable assets. Two of Rajapaksa’s sons, Namal and Yoshitha, have been arrested and released on bail over money-laundering allegations. One of his brothers, Basil, who headed the economic development ministry, has also been arrested at least three times, twice over suspicion of misuse of anti-poverty funds and once over suspicion of laundering money. He is free on bail. All the Rajapaksas deny wrongdoing. The government has yet to fulfill the promises it campaigned on. Those include a new constitution aimed at devolving some powers to provincial governments dominated by ethnic minorities, facilitate an international probe into alleged war crimes in the final phase of Sri Lanka’s war against the Tamils, and fiscal discipline efforts sought by the International Monetary Fund. Nationwide elections are not due until 2020. 
967789343145381889	2018-02-25 15:52:14	https://t.co/X6pf2oko9d	With $116 billion cash, Buffett says Berkshire needs 'huge' deals https://t.co/X6pf2oko9d https://t.co/Vxx8gKj8bd	 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Warren Buffett on Saturday lamented his inability to find big companies to buy and said his goal is to make“one or more huge acquisitions” of non-insurance businesses to bolster results at his conglomerate Berkshire Hathaway Inc. In his annual letter to Berkshire shareholders, Buffett said finding things to buy at a“sensible purchase price” has become a challenge and is a major reason Berkshire is awash with $116 billion of low-yielding cash and government bonds. Buffett said a“purchasing frenzy” binge by deal-hungry chief executives employing cheap debt has made that task difficult. Berkshire typically pays all cash for acquisitions. “Our smiles will broaden when we have redeployed Berkshire’s excess funds into more productive assets,” Buffett wrote.“Berkshire’s goal is to substantially increase the earnings of its non-insurance group. For that to happen, we will need to make one or more huge acquisitions.” The letter was considerably shorter than in recent years, a little over 8,000 words compared with more than 14,000 last year, and did not discuss major Berkshire stock holdings such as Apple Inc and Wells Fargo & Co. Buffett often invests in stocks when he cannot find whole companies to buy. It was also short on faulting excesses of Wall Street and Washington, and said nothing about Berkshire’s plan to create a healthcare company with Amazon.com Inc and JPMorgan Chase & Co. At age 87,“he doesn’t want to make any enemies,” said Bill Smead, chief executive of Smead Capital Management in Seattle, a Berkshire investor. Berkshire also posted a record $44.94 billion annual profit, though $29.1 billion stemmed from the slashing of the U.S. corporate tax rate, which reduced the Omaha, Nebraska-based conglomerate’s deferred tax liabilities. Book value per share, measuring assets minus liabilities, rose 23 percent in 2017. It has been more than two years since Buffett made a major purchase, the $32.1 billion takeover of aircraft parts maker Precision Castparts Corp, and his advancing age gives him less time to find more of the“elephants” he prefers. But he has given himself and longtime Vice Chairman Charlie Munger, 94, more freedom to focus on investing and allocating capital. Neither has signaled any intention of stepping down soon, though Berkshire last month named two additional vice chairmen who could eventually succeed Buffett as chief executive. Gregory Abel, who had run Berkshire Hathaway Energy, is now overseeing Berkshire’s non-insurance businesses such as the BNSF railroad and Dairy Queen ice cream, all of which employ 330,000 people, while insurance specialist Ajit Jain oversee the Geico auto insurer and other insurance businesses, employing 47,000. “Berkshire’s blood flows through their veins,” Buffett wrote. While the Wells Fargo investment has struggled in recent months because of scandals over how it treats customers, Apple has performed better. Buffett revealed in his letter that Berkshire was sitting at year end on a $7.25 billion paper profit on what has become a 3.3 percent stake in the iPhone maker, worth $28.2 billion. Some Berkshire stock investments are made by deputies Todd Combs and Ted Weschler, who Buffett said together manage about $25 billion, up from $21 billion a year ago. Buffett also warned long-term investors including pension funds, college endowments and“savings-minded individuals” that even with U.S. stock prices near record highs, it would be a“terrible mistake” to assume bonds are safer. “Often, high-grade bonds in an investment portfolio increase its risk,” he wrote. Fourth-quarter net income quintupled to $32.55 billion, or $19,790 per Class A share, from $6.29 billion, or $3,823 per share, a year earlier. Operating profit, which Buffett considers a better gauge of performance, fell more than analysts expected in the fourth quarter, and slid 18 percent for the year to $14.46 billion. Full-year results suffered from Berkshire’s first full-year insurance underwriting loss since 2002, hurt by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria and wildfires in California. Even so, insurance float, or premiums collected before claims are paid, and which give Buffett more money to invest, rose 25 percent last year, to $114.5 billion. 
967787145019699201	2018-02-25 15:43:30	https://t.co/JXEY3heWqn	Congo police kill activist in church-led march against Kabila https://t.co/JXEY3heWqn	 KINSHASA (Reuters) - At least two people were killed and dozens more injured on Sunday when security forces in Democratic Republic of Congo cracked down on church-led demonstrations against President Joseph Kabila, the United Nations said. Catholic and evangelical churchgoers across Congo had meant to take to the streets following Sunday services, but they were met with police and soldiers deployed to stop them. In addition to the dead, who were killed in the capital Kinshasa and the western city of Mbandaka, the head of Congo’s U.N. mission, Leila Zerrougui, said 47 people were injured and more than 100 were arrested across the country. She called on the Congolese authorities to carry out credible investigations into the incidents and impose appropriate sanctions. National police spokesman Colonel Pierrot Mwanamputu told state broadcaster RTNC that there had been no deaths and only three people were wounded in Sunday’s violence. In power since 2001, Kabila struck a deal with the main opposition bloc to stay on after his elected mandate expired in December 2016, but authorities missed a deadline to hold elections last year as required under the agreement. Officials have hinted that a new December poll date may not even be possible due to financial and logistical constraints. Church groups have emerged as the main force opposing Kabila as political opposition parties have been hobbled by infighting or seen their leaders forced into exile. “Our people no longer believe in the political will of our current leaders to ensure a peaceful transition of power,” one of the main organising groups, the Lay Coordination Committee (CLC), said in a statement before the march. The organisers are demanding the prompt organisation of elections and a pledge from term-limited Kabila not to stand for re-election. However, armed security forces surrounded Kinshasa’s main churches and blocked roads, preventing most demonstrations from starting and in some cases using teargas and gunfire to disperse them. The march organisers, the CLC, said it had confirmed three deaths on Sunday, one more than the UN - two in Kinshasa and one in Mbandaka. The figures could not be independently verified. Witnesses and rights groups also reported violence in the northern city of Kisangani. “I arrived back home without my family ... Everyone fled in a different direction,” said one Kisangani resident, who was forced to flee gunfire that erupted after church services there and asked not to be identified. A heavy deployment of soldiers and police was visible on the streets of other cities, including Goma, the largest city in eastern Congo. As with previous protest marches, internet, mobile data and phone messaging were cut across Congo early on Sunday, making it difficult to confirm instances of violence. Those networks began to be restored by the evening. Witnesses who brought the body of one slain man, which was seen by a Reuters reporter, to a hospital in Kinshasa said police shot him outside a church in the Lemba neighbourhood. Campaign organisation Human Rights Watch (HRW) identified him as Rossy Mukendi, 36, an assistant university professor who set up a citizens action group called Collectif 2016. Security forces killed about a dozen civilians during two previous marches organised by Catholic activists since December. The crackdowns have drawn international condemnation and stoked fears Congo could be sliding back towards the kind of war in which millions died at the turn of the century. “There will be no respite for the government in place as long as we have not recovered our dignity and our liberty,” the CLC said in a statement on Sunday. 
967785691835961344	2018-02-25 15:37:44	https://t.co/vNfxmLTuWU	Congo police kill protester in church-led march against Kabila https://t.co/vNfxmLTuWU https://t.co/KE8PQlkBY6	 KINSHASA (Reuters) - At least two people were killed and dozens more injured on Sunday when security forces in Democratic Republic of Congo cracked down on church-led demonstrations against President Joseph Kabila, the United Nations said. Catholic and evangelical churchgoers across Congo had meant to take to the streets following Sunday services, but they were met with police and soldiers deployed to stop them. In addition to the dead, who were killed in the capital Kinshasa and the western city of Mbandaka, the head of Congo’s U.N. mission, Leila Zerrougui, said 47 people were injured and more than 100 were arrested across the country. She called on the Congolese authorities to carry out credible investigations into the incidents and impose appropriate sanctions. National police spokesman Colonel Pierrot Mwanamputu told state broadcaster RTNC that there had been no deaths and only three people were wounded in Sunday’s violence. In power since 2001, Kabila struck a deal with the main opposition bloc to stay on after his elected mandate expired in December 2016, but authorities missed a deadline to hold elections last year as required under the agreement. Officials have hinted that a new December poll date may not even be possible due to financial and logistical constraints. Church groups have emerged as the main force opposing Kabila as political opposition parties have been hobbled by infighting or seen their leaders forced into exile. “Our people no longer believe in the political will of our current leaders to ensure a peaceful transition of power,” one of the main organising groups, the Lay Coordination Committee (CLC), said in a statement before the march. The organisers are demanding the prompt organisation of elections and a pledge from term-limited Kabila not to stand for re-election. However, armed security forces surrounded Kinshasa’s main churches and blocked roads, preventing most demonstrations from starting and in some cases using teargas and gunfire to disperse them. The march organisers, the CLC, said it had confirmed three deaths on Sunday, one more than the UN - two in Kinshasa and one in Mbandaka. The figures could not be independently verified. Witnesses and rights groups also reported violence in the northern city of Kisangani. “I arrived back home without my family ... Everyone fled in a different direction,” said one Kisangani resident, who was forced to flee gunfire that erupted after church services there and asked not to be identified. A heavy deployment of soldiers and police was visible on the streets of other cities, including Goma, the largest city in eastern Congo. As with previous protest marches, internet, mobile data and phone messaging were cut across Congo early on Sunday, making it difficult to confirm instances of violence. Those networks began to be restored by the evening. Witnesses who brought the body of one slain man, which was seen by a Reuters reporter, to a hospital in Kinshasa said police shot him outside a church in the Lemba neighbourhood. Campaign organisation Human Rights Watch (HRW) identified him as Rossy Mukendi, 36, an assistant university professor who set up a citizens action group called Collectif 2016. Security forces killed about a dozen civilians during two previous marches organised by Catholic activists since December. The crackdowns have drawn international condemnation and stoked fears Congo could be sliding back towards the kind of war in which millions died at the turn of the century. “There will be no respite for the government in place as long as we have not recovered our dignity and our liberty,” the CLC said in a statement on Sunday. 
967776658626351105	2018-02-25 15:01:50	https://t.co/TuoygWPmno	Iraq court sentences 16 Turkish women to death for joining IS https://t.co/TuoygWPmno	 BAGHDAD (Reuters) - An Iraqi court has sentenced 16 Turkish women to death by hanging for joining Islamic State, a judiciary spokesman said on Sunday. Iraq is conducting the trials of hundreds of foreign women who have been detained, with hundreds of their children, since August by Iraqi forces as Islamic State strongholds crumbled. The central criminal court issued the sentences“after it was proven they belong to the Daesh terrorist group and after they confessed to marrying Daesh elements or providing members of the group with logistical aid or helping them carry out terrorist attacks,” said Judge Abdul-Sattar al-Birqdar, referring to the militant group using an Arabic acronym. All the verdicts are subject to appeal, he told Reuters. Thousands of foreigners have fought on behalf of Islamic State in Iraq and Syria since at least 2014. Many foreign women came - or were brought - from overseas to join the militants. More than 1,300 women and children surrendered to Kurdish Peshmerga in August, after government forces expelled the jihadist group from the northern Iraqi city of Tal Afar. Their numbers have since swelled to about 1,700 as more foreign nationals surrendered or were captured during operations to root out the militants, according to aid officials. Another Turkish woman was sentenced to death last week and 10 others of various nationalities to life in prison, all for alleged Islamic State membership. A German woman was sentenced to death last month for belonging to the group and a Russian fighter was also sentenced to death in Iraq last year for joining the hardline group. Iraq has handed over to Russia four women and 27 children suspected of having ties to the group, the foreign ministry said on Thursday, adding that they were“tricked” into joining the militants. Iraq declared victory in December over Islamic State, which had seized control of nearly a third of the country in 2014. The group has been driven out of all population centers it once controlled on both sides of the Iraqi-Syrian border, but members have continued to carry out bombings and other attacks in Iraq. 
967772417757188102	2018-02-25 14:44:59	https://t.co/p7G4pW8N2r	Iraqi court sentences 16 Turkish women to death for joining IS https://t.co/p7G4pW8N2r	 BAGHDAD (Reuters) - An Iraqi court has sentenced 16 Turkish women to death by hanging for joining Islamic State, a judiciary spokesman said on Sunday. Iraq is conducting the trials of hundreds of foreign women who have been detained, with hundreds of their children, since August by Iraqi forces as Islamic State strongholds crumbled. The central criminal court issued the sentences “after it was proven they belong to the Daesh terrorist group and after they confessed to marrying Daesh elements or providing members of the group with logistical aid or helping them carry out terrorist attacks,” said Judge Abdul-Sattar al-Birqdar, referring to the militant group using an Arabic acronym. All the verdicts are subject to appeal, he told Reuters. Thousands of foreigners have fought on behalf of Islamic State in Iraq and Syria since at least 2014. Many foreign women came - or were brought - from overseas to join the militants. More than 1,300 women and children surrendered to Kurdish Peshmerga in August, after government forces expelled the jihadist group from the northern Iraqi city of Tal Afar. Their numbers have since swelled to about 1,700 as more foreign nationals surrendered or were captured during operations to root out the militants, according to aid officials. Another Turkish woman was sentenced to death last week and 10 others of various nationalities to life in prison, all for alleged Islamic State membership. A German woman was sentenced to death last month for belonging to the group and a Russian fighter was also sentenced to death in Iraq last year for joining the hardline group. Iraq has handed over to Russia four women and 27 children suspected of having ties to the group, the foreign ministry said on Thursday, adding that they were “tricked” into joining the militants. Iraq declared victory in December over Islamic State, which had seized control of nearly a third of the country in 2014. The group has been driven out of all population centers it once controlled on both sides of the Iraqi-Syrian border, but members have continued to carry out bombings and other attacks in Iraq. 
967768168335855616	2018-02-25 14:28:06	https://t.co/nC8oDoBB9F	South Korea brings the curtain down on its 'Peace Games': https://t.co/nC8oDoBB9F Catch up with full coverage of… https://t.co/EqgZlkI9xP	 PYEONGCHANG, South Korea (Reuters) - South Korea brought the curtain down on its“Peace Games” on Sunday, with winter sports athletes dancing and singing together at a vibrant closing ceremony, though there was little warmth between dignitaries from the United States and North Korea. South Korea President Moon Jae-in, who hopes to use these Games as an opportunity to engage with the North, warmly greeted U.S. President Donald Trump’s daughter Ivanka before offering a brief handshake to North Korean delegation leader Kim Yong Chol. Despite the cool body language, Moon’s efforts may be bearing fruit. The South’s presidential office said on Sunday that members of the North Korean delegation had expressed the North’s openness to talks with the United States. Trump sat front and center, beside Moon’s wife, while North Korea’s Kim was seated a row behind, decked out in a long black jacket and furry hat. Sitting two seats along from him was General Vincent Brooks, the commander of U.S. Forces Korea. Kim’s appearance at the closing ceremony has been greeted with outrage by some in South Korea. The former North Korean intelligence chief is accused of having been behind a deadly 2010 attack on a South Korean warship. South Korean protesters tried to block Kim’s motorcade to the closing ceremony earlier in the day. Despite the divisions and distrust between the two Koreas, they agreed to have their athletes march together at both the opening and closing ceremonies under a banner of unification. They also fielded a unified women’s ice hockey team. International Olympic Committee (IOC) President Thomas Bach paid tribute to the athletes, saying they were an example to the world. “You have shown how sport brings people together in our fragile world; you have shown how sport builds bridges,” he said.“The IOC will continue this Olympic dialogue, even after we extinguish the Olympic flame. “In this, we are driven by our faith in the future.” During his speech, Bach invited several athletes to join him on stage, including South Korea’s gold medalist skeleton rider Yun Sung-bin, North Korean figure skater Ryom Tae Ok, American skier Lindsey Vonn and Tongan flag carrier Pita Taufatofua. Bach signed off by calling upon the youth of the world to gather in Beijing in four years’ time for the 2022 Winter Games. With the ceremony showcasing cutting-edge South Korean technology and a remarkable drone show that dotted out the image of the Games mascot Soohorang, a white tiger, in the night sky, athletes marched into the stadium, many wearing their medals. The Russian flag, absent at the opening ceremony, was again nowhere to be seen after the IOC decided not to lift the suspension on their country. It was a bitter-sweet day for Russian athletes, who after savoring the high of winning a nail-biting men’s ice hockey final on Sunday then had to march without their flag. Russians were forced to compete as neutral athletes at Pyeongchang, an IOC punishment for years of drug scandals involving allegations that Russia ran a systematic, state-backed drug-cheating program. 
967765872403206144	2018-02-25 14:18:58	https://t.co/eL7ps0M37W	Syrian Kurdish leader arrested in Prague at Turkey's request https://t.co/eL7ps0M37W	 BEIRUT/ANKARA (Reuters) - The main Syrian Kurdish political party said on Sunday that one of its leaders had been arrested in Prague at the behest of Turkey, where a court has charged him with sedition. Saleh Muslim, a top Kurdish politician, has“full citizenship rights” as a Syrian national and was visiting Europe in an official capacity, the PYD party said. In a statement, the party accused the Turkish state of“demanding the arrest of individuals who are not its citizens ... without any legal justifications”. Turkey has been seeking Muslim after a Turkish court charged him with“breaking the state and country’s unity” and other offences. Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said that he hoped the Czech Republic would extradite Muslim to Turkey, adding Turkey did not have problems with Kurdish people, but rather“terrorists”. “Our hope is that the Czech Republic will extradite him to Turkey and justice will be served,” Erdogan said.“When he is extradited, they will see how justice is implemented.” Turkey launched a military offensive last month in Syria’s Afrin region against the Kurdish YPG militia, the PYD’s armed affiliate, which it deems a menace on its border. Muslim formerly headed the PYD, the major component of a coalition that governs Kurdish-held autonomous parts of northern Syria, including Afrin. Ankara sees the PYD and YPG as extensions of the outlawed Kurdish PKK movement, which has waged a decades-long insurgency on Turkish soil - though the groups say they are independent. In a statement on Twitter, Czech police said a 67-year-old man had been arrested in Prague at the request of the Turkish Interpol, but did not give a name for the suspect. A statement from the TEV-DEM coalition, of which Muslim is a member, said Turkey had issued an arrest warrant for him and he was detained on Saturday. Turkey’s justice ministry said it had started efforts for Muslim to be extradited to Ankara, and had demanded that Czech authorities capture and arrest Muslim. “Upon finding the person in question was in the Czech Republic, the necessary contacts were made and it was demanded that he be captured and arrested to be extradited back to our country,” the ministry said in a statement. Turkey’s justice, interior and foreign ministries are working to secure the extradition of Muslim, Turkish Deputy Prime Minister Bakir Bozdag said, adding that Muslim was in detention in Prague. Speaking to reporters, Bozdag, who is also the main government spokesman, said the Turkish and Czech foreign ministers would discuss the issue. Ankara had previously demanded that Muslim face an Interpol Red Notice, an international arrest warrant circulated to member countries listing persons wanted for extradition. 
967760401546055688	2018-02-25 13:57:14	https://t.co/0mkqYH8RUg	France has foiled two Islamist attacks this year: minister https://t.co/0mkqYH8RUg	 PARIS (Reuters) - French security forces have foiled two planned attacks so far this year as Islamic State militants set their sights on domestic targets in response to the group’s military setbacks in Iraq and Syria, Interior Minister Gerard Collomb said on Sunday. One of two would-be attackers arrested in January had planned to hit a“major sporting facility”, Collomb said on Europe 1 radio. Another suspect had been targeting troops on anti-terrorism patrols and had acquired bomb-making equipment, Paris Prosecutor Francois Molins announced last month. “Because the Islamic State is disappearing, people are seeking to stage attacks in western countries as a distraction from its defeat,” the minister said. The military patrols were introduced nationwide following the January 7, 2015 attacks on satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo and a kosher supermarket. They were stepped up later that year after the Nov 13 attacks in which 130 people were killed at the Bataclan concert hall and other sites around Paris. 
967753606979112960	2018-02-25 13:30:14	https://t.co/xPKaj1ct3O	U.S. Supreme Court weighs Microsoft overseas data fight https://t.co/xPKaj1ct3O https://t.co/Whz0r21ecw	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A major privacy rights fight between Microsoft Corp and the Justice Department reaches the Supreme Court this week, with the justices considering whether U.S. law allows prosecutors to compel technology companies to hand over data stored overseas. The nine justices will hear arguments on Tuesday in a case that pits the interests of tech companies and privacy advocates in safeguarding customer data against the demands of law enforcement in obtaining information crucial to criminal and counterterrorism investigations. The case began with a 2013 warrant obtained by prosecutors for emails of a suspect in a drug trafficking investigation that were stored in Microsoft computer servers in Dublin. The company challenged whether a domestic warrant covered data stored abroad. The Justice Department said because Microsoft is based in the United States, prosecutors were entitled to the data. The case is being closely watched by other countries wrestling with similar concerns, including members of the European Union. A ruling is due by the end of June. A 2016 decision by the New York-based 2nd U.S. Court of Appeals siding with Microsoft marked a victory for tech firms that increasingly offer cloud computing services in which data is stored remotely. President Donald Trump’s administration appealed that ruling to the Supreme Court. Globally dominant American tech companies have expressed concern that customers will go elsewhere if they think the U.S. government’s reach extends to data centers all around the world without changes being made to the law. Microsoft, which has 100 data centers in 40 countries, was the first American company to challenge a domestic search warrant seeking data held outside the United States. Brad Smith, Microsoft’s president and chief legal officer, told reporters last week the U.S. government should not be able to act unilaterally to access such data without taking into account the laws and interests of other countries. “It’s more likely to be a recipe for international tension and chaos,” Smith said. Solicitor General Noel Francisco, the administration’s top lawyer in Supreme Court cases, said in court papers that a ruling for Microsoft“would hamper domestic law enforcement and counterterrorism efforts.” If the Supreme Court were to rule in favor of Microsoft, the government could still gain access data held overseas, but the process would be more cumbersome and potentially take longer. Lawmakers are considering making changes to the 1986 law. Bipartisan legislation has been introduced in Congress to update the statute, a move backed by both Microsoft and the administration. The measure would let U.S. judges issue warrants while giving companies an avenue to object if the request conflicts with foreign law. If Congress were to pass the bill before the Supreme Court rules, the case would likely become moot. Though Microsoft is based in the United States - Redmond, Washington, to be precise - the appeals court said the emails were beyond the reach of domestic search warrants obtained under a 1986 U.S. law called the Stored Communications Act. The Microsoft customer whose emails were sought told the company he was based in Ireland when he signed up for his account. Other companies including IBM Corp, Amazon.com Inc, Apple Inc, Verizon Communications Inc and Alphabet Inc’s Google filed court papers backing Microsoft. Google has mounted challenges similar to Microsoft’s. The administration has the support of 35 states led by Vermont who say they routinely seek access to data stored overseas, especially in cases involving child pornography. Several foreign governments, including Ireland and Britain, filed court papers raising concerns about the U.S. government’s position. Ireland’s government said in its brief that the question of how law enforcement authorities can access such information is already covered by a 2001 treaty with the United States that allows for information sharing and enforcement of court orders. The treaty’s procedures“represent the most appropriate means to address requests such as those which are the object of the warrant in question,” Ireland’s brief said. The European Commission, representing the 28-country European Union, filed a brief saying that when a country is seeking data from outside its jurisdiction“the interests and laws of that foreign jurisdiction must be taken into account.” The Supreme Court has ruled twice in recent years in major cases concerning how criminal law applies to new technology, both times ruling against law enforcement. In 2012, the court held that a warrant is required to place a GPS tracking device on a vehicle. In 2014, the court ruled that police need a warrant to search a cellphone seized during an arrest. In the court’s current term, which ends in June, the justices are due to rule on another privacy issue on whether police need search warrants to access cellphone location information held by wireless carriers. Based on the Nov. 29 oral argument, the justices appear likely to rule against law enforcement again. 
967751534623719424	2018-02-25 13:22:00	https://t.co/VbR5Il66sK	Cambodia's ruling party sweeps Senate election after crackdown https://t.co/VbR5Il66sK	 PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodia’s ruling party said on Sunday it had won every seat up for election on the Senate in a ballot held after thousands of opposition lawmakers and local council leaders were stripped of their right to vote. Preliminary results published by Cambodian People’s Party (CPP) showed it had won 58 seats on the 62-seat Senate, leaving the other three political parties with nothing. Official results were not yet available, but two officials on the National Election Committee (NEC) confirmed the result published by the CPP, headed by Prime Minister Hun Sen. Senate seats are elected by members of parliament and commune councillors across Cambodia. The king of Cambodia and the National Assembly appoint another two members each. Rights groups and members of the opposing Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) said the vote was a“sham” and “undemocratic”. The CNRP was dissolved by a court last November at the government’s request, and the CNRP says the authorities subsequently stripped 5,062 of its commune councillors and lawmakers of their voting rights. “The Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) calls on all friendly countries of Cambodia and the United Nations to not accept the results of the Senate election,” the CNRP said in a statement. The dissolution of the CNRP was followed by the arrest of its leader, Kem Sokha, last year for allegedly plotting to overthrow the government with U.S. help, an accusation both the United States and Kem Sokha have rejected. “Today’s exercise is a pointless farce that will deceive no one,” said CNRP’s former leader Sam Rainsy on Twitter on Sunday. Advocacy group ASEAN Parliamentarians for Human Rights APHR said the vote cannot be considered“a legitimate democratic exercise”, after the dissolution of CNRP and the overall climate of repression over the past year. 
967748238550892544	2018-02-25 13:08:54	https://t.co/6C0knN8co3	North Korea condemns sanctions, but seen open to talks with U.S. https://t.co/6C0knN8co3	 SEOUL/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said any talks with North Korea must lead to an end to its nuclear program after senior officials from Pyongyang visiting South Korea said on Sunday their government was open to talks with the United States. The North Korean delegation, in Pyeongchang for the closing ceremony of the Winter Olympics, met at an undisclosed location with South Korean President Moon Jae-in, and expressed a willingness to meet with the United States, Moon’s office said in a statement. The Pyongyang delegation said developments in relations between the two Koreas and between North Korea and the United States should go hand in hand, according to the statement. The Olympics gave a boost to recent engagement between the two Koreas after more than a year of sharply rising tensions over the North’s missile program and its sixth and largest nuclear test in defiance of U.N. sanctions. The United States announced on Friday it was imposing its largest package of sanctions aimed at getting North Korea to give up its nuclear and missile programs. On Sunday, North Korean state media accused the United States of provoking confrontation on the Korean peninsula with the sanctions. The White House said its sanctions would continue. “We will see if Pyongyang’s message today, that it is willing to hold talks, represents the first steps along the path to denuclearization,” the White House said in a statement. “In the meantime, the United States and the world must continue to make clear that North Korea’s nuclear and missile programs are a dead end,” it said. Moon, the North Korean delegation, and Ivanka Trump, U.S. President Donald Trump’s daughter, were among dignitaries who attended the Olympics closing ceremony on Sunday. Ivanka Trump, a senior White House adviser, did not interact with the North Korean delegation, a senior U.S. administration official said. She met Moon on Friday as part of a weekend trip leading the U.S. delegation to the closing ceremony. North Korea sent former military intelligence chief Kim Yong Chol, an official accused of being behind a deadly 2010 attack on a South Korean warship, to lead its delegation. The decision enraged the families of 46 sailors killed in the torpedo attack and threatened the mood of rapprochement that Seoul sought to create at what it called the“Peace Games.” North Korea has denied its involvement in the sinking. Moon met Kim in Pyeongchang, where the Olympics were held, before the closing ceremony, the South Korean government said. Earlier, about 100 conservative South Korean lawmakers and activists staged a sit-in near the border with North Korea, to protest Kim’s arrival and facing off against about 2,500 South Korean police. The North’s delegation took a different route, prompting the opposition Korea Liberty Party to accuse Moon’s administration of“abuse of power and an act of treason” by rerouting the motorcade to shield it from the protest. The North sent Kim Yo Jong, the younger sister of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, to the opening ceremony. She was the center of a frenzy of attention, especially when she appeared at the opening ceremony and was only a few feet from U.S. Vice President Mike Pence. They did not speak. Kim Yo Jong and the North’s nominal head of state were the most senior North Korean officials to visit the South in more than a decade. The North Korean leader later said he wanted to create a“warm climate of reconciliation and dialogue.” The U.S. president, in announcing the new sanctions on Friday, warned of a“phase two” that could be“very, very unfortunate for the world” if the sanctions did not work. North Korea denounced the sanctions in a statement carried on its state media and said a blockade by the United States would be considered an act of war. China also reacted angrily, saying on Saturday the unilateral targeting of Chinese firms and people risked harming cooperation on North Korea. Moon won election last year promising to try to improve relations with the North. 
967736359753601024	2018-02-25 12:21:42	https://t.co/jOyNL3pLjK	Church leaders shut Jerusalem's Church of the Holy Sepulchre in land, tax protest https://t.co/jOyNL3pLjK	 JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Church leaders in Jerusalem shut the Church of the Holy Sepulchre on Sunday in protest at a new Israeli tax policy and a proposed land expropriation law which they called an unprecedented attack on Christians in the Holy Land. Roman Catholic, Greek Orthodox and Armenian church leaders said the holy site, a popular stop for pilgrims and where many Christians believe Jesus was crucified and buried, would remain closed until further notice. After the protest move, an Israeli cabinet committee delayed by a week its scheduled consideration on Sunday of a bill that would allow the state to expropriate land in Jerusalem sold by churches to private real estate firms in recent years. The stated aim of the bill is to protect homeowners against the possibility that private companies will not extend their leases of land on which their houses or apartments stand. The churches are major property owners in the city. They say such a law would make it harder for them to find buyers for church-owned land - sales that help to cover operating costs of their religious institutions. “This abhorrent bill ... if approved, would make the expropriation of the lands of churches possible,” said the statement by Theophilos III, the Patriarch of Jerusalem, Francesco Patton, the Custos of the Holy Land, and Nourhan Manougian, the Armenian Patriarch of Jerusalem. Rachel Azaria, the lawmaker who sponsored the legislation, said in a statement she agreed to delay the committee’s discussion by a week so that“we could work with the churches” to try to resolve the dispute. The churches’ protest was also aimed at the recent cancellation by Israel’s Jerusalem municipality of a tax exemption it has granted to church-owned commercial properties in the city. “This reminds us all of laws of a similar nature which were enacted against the Jews during dark periods in Europe,” the church leaders said. Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barkat said on Twitter it was illogical to expect that church-owned commercial property, including hotels and retail businesses, would continue to enjoy tax-exempt status. “Let me make it clear: we are not talking about houses of worship, who will still be exempt from property tax, according to law,” he wrote. Outside the Church of the Holy Sepulchre, pilgrims voiced their disappointment at finding its doors shut. “I am very upset. It’s my first time here and I made a big effort to get here and now I find it closed,” said Marine Domenech from Lille, France. 
967735703777013760	2018-02-25 12:19:06	https://t.co/ULjWmXs8R9	Rappers, Spiderman and a sultry tiger take to the ice at final Olympic event https://t.co/ULjWmXs8R9 by @ElaineLies… https://t.co/odMwaPuC98	 GANGNEUNG, South Korea (Reuters) - Rappers, Spiderman and a sultry tiger took to the ice on Sunday as the world’s top skaters let their creativity take over in a gala exhibition, the final figure skating event at the Pyeongchang Games. Galas are a traditional part of any major figure skating competition, allowing fans to glimpse a different side of the skaters, who do moves and routines not usually permitted under competition rules. Each skater works up a separate routine that they use all year. Props and original costumes are also permitted. Alina Zagitova, the women’s singles champion, wore a tiger-striped costume and set a lit candle on the ice for her sultry routine to“Afro Blue” by Jazzmeia Horn, while Uzbekistan’s Misha Ge came out in a boxing robe and gloves. Canada’s bronze-winning pair Meagan Duhamel and Eric Radford used a folding chair for an emotional rendition of Billy Joel’s“Piano Man”. Others went for comedy. Ice dancers Anna Cappellini and Luca Lanotte of Italy did a Charlie Chaplin routine to a medley of themes from his movies, drawing laughter and applause, as did pairs skaters and compatriots Valentina Marchei and Ondrej Hotarek, who skated to“Barbie Girl”. Pairs skaters Ryom Tae Ok and Kim Ju Sik, the only North Korean athletes who qualified for the Games instead of being allowed to take part, drew the loudest roars from the crowd for their routine to a song whose title means“Nice to Meet You,” during which they waved and bowed to the arena. Boyang Jin of China, known for his quadruple jump prowess, obliged with several in his“Spiderman” routine. Japanese men’s champion Yuzuru Hanyu’s routine was dedicated to the victims of Japan’s massive March 2011 earthquake and tsunami. Spain’s bronze medalist Javier Fernandez from Spain, however, stole the show when he came out carrying a gym bag in a routine that depicted an aerobics class. Flirting shamelessly with the crowd with lines that included“You can call me later” and“A body like this just doesn’t happen,” he performed pushups to“Let’s Get Physical” before stripping down to a muscle shirt and Superman cape. Once the skaters cleared the ice, volunteers who have helped at the venue piled on to it to take selfies and chat around the Olympic rings, signaling the end of the show. Until Beijing in 2022. 
967733171138846721	2018-02-25 12:09:02	https://t.co/LLsP4tK0oU	Protesters target North Korean VIPs heading for Games ceremony https://t.co/LLsP4tK0oU #PyeongChang2018. More from… https://t.co/BC8OVwKmpK	 SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean protesters tried and failed on Sunday to block a motorcade carrying North Korean dignitaries to the Pyeongchang Winter Games closing ceremony, accusing the delegation’s leader of being behind a deadly 2010 attack on a South Korean warship. The North’s decision to send a former military intelligence chief as delegation leader has enraged families of 46 sailors who died in the attack and threatens the mood of rapprochement that Seoul wants to create at what it calls the“Peace Games”. About 100 conservative lawmakers and activists staged a sit-in at Tongil Bridge, anticipating it would be along the route traveled by the motorcade after crossing the heavily militarized border into the South on Sunday morning. About 2,500 police were deployed at the bridge, but the motorcade took another road, broadcaster YTN said. Later, the delegation arrived at a hotel in Seoul before heading to Pyeongchang for the ceremony that starts at 8 p.m. (1100 GMT). The apparent diversion angered protest organizers who then directed their criticism toward South Korean President Moon Jae-in, who is hosting the North Koreans. The opposition Korea Liberty Party accused the Moon administration of“abuse of power and an act of treason” by re-routing the motorcade to shield it from protesters. North Korean delegation leader Kim Yong Chol, now a ruling party official, was chief of a top North Korean military intelligence agency. He has been blamed for the sinking of the Cheonan, a South Korean navy corvette. North Korea has denied its involvement in the sinking. The protesters held signs which said Kim, who is making a three-day visit to the South, was the main culprit behind the attack and called for his visit to be canceled. “Kim Yong Chol is our sworn enemy who took away our precious 46 navy sailors’ lives by the sudden torpedo attack,” a Korea Liberty Party protester, Chang Je-won, told Yonhap. 
967731294070337537	2018-02-25 12:01:34	https://t.co/lIWTFDuiJA	Greek anarchist group smashes windows at Novartis office in Athens https://t.co/lIWTFDuiJA	 ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek self-proclaimed anarchists threw paint and smashed windows at the entrance of the Athens headquarters of Swiss drugmaker Novartis on Sunday, police said. About 30 people were involved in the attack at 0515 local time (0315 GMT), a police official said. There were no injuries. In a statement published on the Internet, the Rouvikonas group said the attack was linked to a probe into allegations of bribery by the drugmaker to doctors and public officials. The Greek parliament voted on Thursday to probe the role of 10 politicians in the case. They have all denied any wrongdoing, saying the case is an attempt by authorities to discredit opposition politicians a little over a year before scheduled elections. Prosecutors are already investigating the role of non-politicians. Novartis said that it condemns any act of violence and urged Greek authorities to guarantee its employees’ safety. “We are particularly worried following the attack,” Novartis Hellas said in a statement. “Novartis vehemently condemns any act of violence and blackmail or any destructive act. We call on Greek authorities to condemn the incident and safeguard our people’s safety, their protection is our priority.” The drugmaker has promised to take“fast and decisive action” should the investigation in Greece find that its managers engaged in unethical or illegal conduct. Small-scale attacks on businesses, state buildings, police and politicians are frequent in Greece, which is emerging from a its worst debt crisis in decades and has slashed healthcare spending, wages and pensions to shore up its finances. 
967731167825940480	2018-02-25 12:01:04	https://t.co/ds4GKI80xc	Disappointing U.S. to look at itself, and others, for answers https://t.co/ds4GKI80xc by @ossianshine… https://t.co/FeodxeblmE	 PYEONGCHANG, South Korea (Reuters) - Having fallen way short of their Olympic medal target, the U.S. team said on Sunday it would take a hard look at what went wrong in South Korea, and a long look at who fared well. With only a couple of events to go, the U.S. tally of 23 was way short of the 37 they had targeted, and represents their worst showing in 20 years. Not since their 13 medals at Nagano in 1998 had a U.S. team left a Games with such slim pickings. Their 23 here, including nine golds, saw the United States in fourth place in the standings at the beginning of the final day, behind Norway, Germany and Canada. “Yeah, you know we always want to do better and I want them to do better because I want that to be a reflection of what they’re capable of because it’s an amazing team,” said U.S. chef de mission Alan Ashley. “We’re going to look at the other countries, (and ask),‘What are they doing?’. One of the things I’m curious about is that Norway had a runaway success here and they really did a great job preparing their athletes and I really admire them for that. “I admire their athletes as well. I want to find out some things about what they’re up to. “I really want to sit down and get the feedback from the athletes about what sort of things they see in the field in the preparation of their competitors so we can learn from that and focus on some of those things, whether that’s in the areas of coaching, better training, better technology and innovation, more competition opportunities. “You’ve just got to look at all those things as you go into this.” Seeking a silver lining, Ashley pointed to the U.S. team’s depth, and what that means for the future. “I’m actually more encouraged now than I’ve ever been,” he said.“Even though people can say‘well, you know, you didn’t hit your medal count, you didn’t get to the right level’, look at the depth of our team. “Look at the number of individuals who were, like, fourth through sixth. I mean we had 35 individuals that were four through six, we had some incredibly close calls. “I want to basically look at this and say this is an opportunity for us. We have this amazing depth, we have these incredible medalists and how do we basically continue to compete at an even higher level and give them what they need going forward.” 
967729909371228160	2018-02-25 11:56:04	https://t.co/QmnFxjETtC	Russian ice hockey gold medalist sing national anthem https://t.co/QmnFxjETtC by @Dan___Burns #PyeongChang2018. Mor… https://t.co/xvLdxtpROZ	 GANGNEUNG, South Korea (Reuters) - Russian gold-medalist ice hockey players sang their national anthem during the medal ceremony on Sunday after victory in the final over Germany, despite competing at the Pyeongchang Winter Games as neutral athletes. The players sang the anthem over the sound of the Olympic anthem at the Gangneung Hockey Centre arena. As neutral athletes, they were barred from having their flag raised or anthem played at the medal ceremony. 
967727110034022401	2018-02-25 11:44:57	https://t.co/zLed2uWbpW	Syrian Kurdish leader arrested in Prague: Kurdish-led authority https://t.co/zLed2uWbpW	 BEIRUT/ANKARA (Reuters) - The main Syrian Kurdish political party said on Sunday that one of its leaders had been arrested in Prague at the behest of Turkey, where a court has charged him with sedition. Saleh Muslim, a top Kurdish politician, has“full citizenship rights” as a Syrian national and was visiting Europe in an official capacity, the PYD party said. In a statement, the party accused the Turkish state of“demanding the arrest of individuals who are not its citizens ... without any legal justifications”. Turkey has been seeking Muslim after a Turkish court charged him with“breaking the state and country’s unity” and other offences. Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said that he hoped the Czech Republic would extradite Muslim to Turkey, adding Turkey did not have problems with Kurdish people, but rather“terrorists”. “Our hope is that the Czech Republic will extradite him to Turkey and justice will be served,” Erdogan said.“When he is extradited, they will see how justice is implemented.” Turkey launched a military offensive last month in Syria’s Afrin region against the Kurdish YPG militia, the PYD’s armed affiliate, which it deems a menace on its border. Muslim formerly headed the PYD, the major component of a coalition that governs Kurdish-held autonomous parts of northern Syria, including Afrin. Ankara sees the PYD and YPG as extensions of the outlawed Kurdish PKK movement, which has waged a decades-long insurgency on Turkish soil - though the groups say they are independent. In a statement on Twitter, Czech police said a 67-year-old man had been arrested in Prague at the request of the Turkish Interpol, but did not give a name for the suspect. A statement from the TEV-DEM coalition, of which Muslim is a member, said Turkey had issued an arrest warrant for him and he was detained on Saturday. Turkey’s justice ministry said it had started efforts for Muslim to be extradited to Ankara, and had demanded that Czech authorities capture and arrest Muslim. “Upon finding the person in question was in the Czech Republic, the necessary contacts were made and it was demanded that he be captured and arrested to be extradited back to our country,” the ministry said in a statement. Turkey’s justice, interior and foreign ministries are working to secure the extradition of Muslim, Turkish Deputy Prime Minister Bakir Bozdag said, adding that Muslim was in detention in Prague. Speaking to reporters, Bozdag, who is also the main government spokesman, said the Turkish and Czech foreign ministers would discuss the issue. Ankara had previously demanded that Muslim face an Interpol Red Notice, an international arrest warrant circulated to member countries listing persons wanted for extradition. 
967722074889506816	2018-02-25 11:24:56	https://t.co/tRK3MUGfkA	Congo police kill protester in church-led march against Kabila https://t.co/tRK3MUGfkA	 KINSHASA (Reuters) - At least two people were killed and dozens more injured on Sunday when security forces in Democratic Republic of Congo cracked down on church-led demonstrations against President Joseph Kabila, the United Nations said. Catholic and evangelical churchgoers across Congo had meant to take to the streets following Sunday services, but they were met with police and soldiers deployed to stop them. In addition to the dead, who were killed in the capital Kinshasa and the western city of Mbandaka, the head of Congo’s U.N. mission, Leila Zerrougui, said 47 people were injured and more than 100 were arrested across the country. She called on the Congolese authorities to carry out credible investigations into the incidents and impose appropriate sanctions. National police spokesman Colonel Pierrot Mwanamputu told state broadcaster RTNC that there had been no deaths and only three people were wounded in Sunday’s violence. In power since 2001, Kabila struck a deal with the main opposition bloc to stay on after his elected mandate expired in December 2016, but authorities missed a deadline to hold elections last year as required under the agreement. Officials have hinted that a new December poll date may not even be possible due to financial and logistical constraints. Church groups have emerged as the main force opposing Kabila as political opposition parties have been hobbled by infighting or seen their leaders forced into exile. “Our people no longer believe in the political will of our current leaders to ensure a peaceful transition of power,” one of the main organising groups, the Lay Coordination Committee (CLC), said in a statement before the march. The organisers are demanding the prompt organisation of elections and a pledge from term-limited Kabila not to stand for re-election. However, armed security forces surrounded Kinshasa’s main churches and blocked roads, preventing most demonstrations from starting and in some cases using teargas and gunfire to disperse them. The march organisers, the CLC, said it had confirmed three deaths on Sunday, one more than the UN - two in Kinshasa and one in Mbandaka. The figures could not be independently verified. Witnesses and rights groups also reported violence in the northern city of Kisangani. “I arrived back home without my family ... Everyone fled in a different direction,” said one Kisangani resident, who was forced to flee gunfire that erupted after church services there and asked not to be identified. A heavy deployment of soldiers and police was visible on the streets of other cities, including Goma, the largest city in eastern Congo. As with previous protest marches, internet, mobile data and phone messaging were cut across Congo early on Sunday, making it difficult to confirm instances of violence. Those networks began to be restored by the evening. Witnesses who brought the body of one slain man, which was seen by a Reuters reporter, to a hospital in Kinshasa said police shot him outside a church in the Lemba neighbourhood. Campaign organisation Human Rights Watch (HRW) identified him as Rossy Mukendi, 36, an assistant university professor who set up a citizens action group called Collectif 2016. Security forces killed about a dozen civilians during two previous marches organised by Catholic activists since December. The crackdowns have drawn international condemnation and stoked fears Congo could be sliding back towards the kind of war in which millions died at the turn of the century. “There will be no respite for the government in place as long as we have not recovered our dignity and our liberty,” the CLC said in a statement on Sunday. 
967719337913212928	2018-02-25 11:14:04	https://t.co/Z1xZWFqSir	Francesco Friedrich’s four-man German bobsleigh team claim gold https://t.co/Z1xZWFqSir by @sgevans… https://t.co/sWAmX4PgTY	 PYEONGCHANG, South Korea (Reuters) - Francesco Friedrich’s four-man German bobsleigh team won gold on Sunday with their victory at the Olympic Sliding Centre completing Germany’s sweep of the bobsleigh gold medals. The German unit, piloted by the powerfully-built multiple world champion Friedrich, finished with a combined time of three minutes, 15.85 seconds. Despite their fourth run of 49.53 being their slowest as they defended their lead, the team were still 0.53 seconds ahead of Won Yun-jong’s South Korean side, who tied with the second German team piloted by Nico Walther for the silver. The medal is the first for South Korea in the sport. Germany, the traditional bobsleigh powerhouse, failed to make the podium in the four-man event in Sochi four years ago. “It was a really stressful week now it is finished and I am happy we have done it,” said Friedrich. “The failure in Sochi motivated us all the more to win. We worked like mad, we did everything for this moment and it worked out 100 percent.” The German pair of Friedrich and Thorsten Margis shared gold with Canada in the two-man event on Monday after a dramatic dead-heat. With Germany’s Mariama Jamanka and Lisa Buckwitz winning the two woman race, Germany has won all three of the bobsleigh golds in Pyeongchang. “I am so proud of the whole German team. We did it in the two-man and the four-man and also the girls’ gold, which wasn’t expected,” said Friedrich. The healthy-sized home crowd lapped up the chance to see their own team battle for a medal and Won was delighted to have his team’s efforts rewarded. “I couldn’t believe it. It was only in my imagination. I was so happy with the result,” he said. “There were so many people behind us. We have our team and a lot of sponsors, everyone worked as a team so that we could get this result. I’d really like to thank them,” added Won. The second German team included four-time gold medal winner Kevin Kuske, who decided at the age of 39 to enjoy one more attempt at a Games and ended up with a silver. Pilot Walther paid tribute to the veteran pusher. “I am so proud of our team, especially Kevin. He has four Olympic gold medals and he decided after the disappointment of Sochi that he would do four more years and we wanted to win a medal for him. “It was his last race and he has won a silver. He is the most successful bobsledder now which makes me so proud and happy.” 
967718932227477504	2018-02-25 11:12:27	https://t.co/NwXCQXUkfv	Weakened Merkel to give outspoken critic a cabinet job: source https://t.co/NwXCQXUkfv	 BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel said she would promote her most prominent critic from within her conservative party, 37-year old Jens Spahn, to a coalition cabinet, in a sign she has heeded calls for renewal to revive her grumbling party. Although she has agreed a deal with the leaders of the Social Democrats (SPD) for a new“grand coalition”, Merkel needs the blessing of both camps to be sure of a fourth term. Approval from SPD members is far from certain. She announced her choice of six cabinet ministers from her Christian Democrats (CDU) before the party votes on the deal on Monday. There are as many women as men and Merkel said she was the only one who is over 60 years of age. She said she had put together a young, dynamic team which represents something of a new start for the party which slumped to its worst result since 1949 in a September election, bleeding support to the far right Alternative for Germany (AfD). “It was my task to present a tableau of people that is future-oriented and that offers a good mix of experience and new faces,” said Merkel.“This is anything but easy.” Handing Spahn the post of health minister is an indication that she wants to assuage her critics who have called for fresh blood and a new direction. Spahn is a champion of the party’s right who has fiercely attacked her open-door asylum policy. A deputy finance minister since 2015, he was previously the CDU’s health expert and he makes little secret of his ambitions to rise to the top. “Jens Spahn is not the only one to make critical comments. That is okay and nevertheless there is the task of making a good difference in Germany. I believe he wants to contribute to that, just like all other cabinet members,” said Merkel. While the decision is a sign of how much Merkel’s position has weakened, it may be a shrewd move to stretch an olive branch to her most outspoken critic to keep him on board. Initial reactions were broadly positive. Carsten Linnemann, head of the Mittlestand Association of the CDU/CSU, no fan of a grand coalition, welcomed the move. It is“a convincing team of experienced heads and people bringing new energy who represent the breath of the CDU,” he told the Funke media group. “Now we need a new emphasis in terms of substance and must ensure our conservative element is recognisable and that and we can hold our own in a grand coalition,” he said. Many in the CDU were angry that Merkel agreed to give the SPD the powerful finance and foreign ministries to do a deal. Merkel also, as expected, will put long-standing ally Peter Altmaier in charge of the economy ministry and keep Ursula von der Leyen, whose star has faded after being tipped as a possible successor to Merkel, as defence minister. The CDU head in the state of Rhineland Palatinate Julia Kloeckner will take agriculture. Other CDU ministers are new faces. Anja Karliczek, 46, will take over as education minister and Helge Braun, 45, will take over the chancellor’s office. After 12 years as chancellor and almost 18 years as CDU chief, Merkel’s authority is waning and the party is starting to think about her successor. In the last few years, Merkel has faced parliamentary revolts from some conservatives over international bailouts for Greece, and much grumbling over her liberal refugee policy. A further blow came in November when she failed to agree on a coalition deal with two smaller parties, forcing her to turn to the SPD with which she shared power from 2013 to 2017. A reluctant partner, having seen support fall to its lowest since World War Two in the election, the SPD announces the result of a members’ postal ballot on March 4. The outcome is unclear but there are some signs that they will give their nod. If members vote“no”, the most likely outcome is a new election or possibly a minority government. Some analysts say the prospect of a new election will spur SPD members into voting‘yes’ because their party has slumped further in opinion polls. An Emnid poll on Sunday showed the SPD down two points from a week ago at 17 percent. In response to growing rumblings in her party about her future, Merkel had promised to“renew” her government. She took a big step to grooming a successor last week by nominating ally Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer, premier of the tiny western Saarland state, to take over as CDU general secretary. The SPD and CSU will announce their cabinet choices later. 
967718920579964928	2018-02-25 11:12:24	https://t.co/OS7sAkun0r	Labour to back customs union, says May faces Brexit 'crunch time' https://t.co/OS7sAkun0r	 COVENTRY, England (Reuters) - Britain should enter a new customs union with the European Union, Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said on Monday, setting up a possible parliamentary defeat for Prime Minister Theresa May who has vowed to leave the arrangement after Brexit. After months watching May’s Conservatives voice deep divisions on the EU without committing himself to a clear vision of life outside the bloc, Corbyn said he wanted a“bespoke” customs union with exemptions for Britain on a number of issues. But his proposals, like those set out by May last week and derided by a senior EU official as“pure illusion”, could fall flat in Brussels where officials have ruled out“cherry picking” market access without accepting all the rules. “Labour would seek to negotiate a new comprehensive UK-EU customs union to ensure that there are no tariffs with Europe and to help avoid any need for a hard border in Northern Ireland,” Corbyn told students and local politicians at Coventry University in central England. He gave as an example the Mini,“one of Britain’s most iconic brands”, manufactured by Germany’s BMW (BMWG.DE). The product, he said, crosses the English Channel“three times in a 2,000-mile journey before the finished car rolls off the production line”, underlining the importance of a“frictionless supply chain”. “But we are also clear that the option of a new UK customs union with the EU would need to ensure the UK has a say in future trade deals ... Labour would not countenance a deal that left Britain as a passive recipient of rules decided elsewhere by others. That would mean ending up as mere rule takers.” By leaving the single market, Britain would no longer have to accept unlimited immigration from the EU - one of the main issues that drove many people to vote for Brexit at a referendum in 2016. The proposed customs union would cover only goods, not the services that are a vital part of Britain’s economy and exports currently given free access to the single market. A spokesman for the European Commission declined to comment but one diplomat said on condition of anonymity:“Corbyn’s speech is most welcome but he cannot expect the EU single market to become the cherry on his‘new cake’.” A Labour source said there was no“plan B” if the EU rejected the plan under which the party would press for“protections, clarifications or exemptions where necessary” for privatisation, public service competition directives, state aid and procurement rules. The CBI, the leading business lobby, said a customs union would“help grow trade without accepting freedom of movement or payments to the EU”, but it added:“businesses have their eyes wide open on Labour’s overall rhetoric on re-nationalisation”. Corbyn showed no sign of backing away from those plans, saying he could not accept EU competition rules for sectors such as the Royal Mail,“a natural monopoly”, or the bloc’s rules that dictated during the nationalisation of Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS.L) the sale of its“best parts”. The next election is due in 2022, so the 68-year-old socialist may never get to the negotiating table before Britain leaves the EU. But by defining a clearer position on the trading relationship, he has set up a possible win in parliament. Eight Conservative rebels have backed an amendment to proposed trade legislation that seeks to bind the government into being in a customs union with the EU. The vote, expected later this year, could be tight: May holds a working majority of 13 seats and, while British media said between 10 and 15 of her party might rebel, some pro-Brexit Labour MPs are expected to vote with the government. “I appeal to MPs of all parties to be prepared to put the people’s interests before the ideological fantasies, join us in supporting the option of a new UK customs union with the EU that would give us a say in future trade agreements,” Corbyn said. While defeat would be a challenge to May, some of her rebels have played down talk of a government collapse, and any changes could be reversed later in the legislative process. Trade Secretary Liam Fox said the government would delay the vote partly to gain more time to convince its MPs to vote with the government. May is due to set out her latest vision for Britain’s post-Brexit relationship with the EU in a speech on Friday, following a special cabinet meeting on Thursday when she will also meet European Council President Donald Tusk who last week called her ideas on future trade ties“pure illusion”. Labour is narrowly ahead in opinion polls, but, like the Conservatives, remains deeply divided on Brexit and has no appetite for a second referendum on EU membership. The party’s divisions were exposed over the weekend when more than 80 senior members called on Corbyn, a long time critic of the EU, to commit to remaining in the bloc’s single market. “The European Union is not the root of all our problems and leaving it will not solve all our problems. Likewise, the EU is not the source of all enlightenment and leaving it does not inevitably spell doom for our country,” Corbyn said to applause. “The truth is more down to earth and it’s in our hands.” 
967715928518660101	2018-02-25 11:00:31	https://t.co/YyzKbEkYV4	Jerusalem's Church of the Holy Sepulchre shut in land policy protest https://t.co/YyzKbEkYV4	 JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Church leaders in Jerusalem shut the Church of the Holy Sepulchre on Sunday in protest at a new Israeli tax policy and a proposed land expropriation law which they called an unprecedented attack on Christians in the Holy Land. Roman Catholic, Greek Orthodox and Armenian church leaders said the holy site, a popular stop for pilgrims and where many Christians believe Jesus was crucified and buried, would remain closed until further notice. After the protest move, an Israeli cabinet committee delayed by a week its scheduled consideration on Sunday of a bill that would allow the state to expropriate land in Jerusalem sold by churches to private real estate firms in recent years. The stated aim of the bill is to protect homeowners against the possibility that private companies will not extend their leases of land on which their houses or apartments stand. The churches are major property owners in the city. They say such a law would make it harder for them to find buyers for church-owned land - sales that help to cover operating costs of their religious institutions. “This abhorrent bill ... if approved, would make the expropriation of the lands of churches possible,” said the statement by Theophilos III, the Patriarch of Jerusalem, Francesco Patton, the Custos of the Holy Land, and Nourhan Manougian, the Armenian Patriarch of Jerusalem. Rachel Azaria, the lawmaker who sponsored the legislation, said in a statement she agreed to delay the committee’s discussion by a week so that“we could work with the churches” to try to resolve the dispute. The churches’ protest was also aimed at the recent cancellation by Israel’s Jerusalem municipality of a tax exemption it has granted to church-owned commercial properties in the city. “This reminds us all of laws of a similar nature which were enacted against the Jews during dark periods in Europe,” the church leaders said. Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barkat said on Twitter it was illogical to expect that church-owned commercial property, including hotels and retail businesses, would continue to enjoy tax-exempt status. “Let me make it clear: we are not talking about houses of worship, who will still be exempt from property tax, according to law,” he wrote. Outside the Church of the Holy Sepulchre, pilgrims voiced their disappointment at finding its doors shut. “I am very upset. It’s my first time here and I made a big effort to get here and now I find it closed,” said Marine Domenech from Lille, France. 
967714942026690561	2018-02-25 10:56:36	https://t.co/XtT8AcDEy5	Iran says Damascus suburbs assault to continue after U.N. ceasefire call https://t.co/XtT8AcDEy5	 BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iran said pro-Damascus forces would press ahead with attacks on an insurgent enclave near the Syrian capital, as ground fighting raged on there in defiance of a U.N. resolution demanding a 30-day truce across the country. Turkey, too, said its military operations in another theater of war in the north of Syria would not be affected by the unanimous Security Council vote demanding the truce to allow for aid access and medical evacuations. Anti-government rebels said they clashed with pro-government forces near Damascus on Sunday, as rescuers and residents said warplanes struck some towns in the eastern Ghouta pocket. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said air strikes and artillery killed nine people and injured 31 in the eastern suburbs. The UK-based monitoring group said Sunday’s bombing was less intense than attacks over the past week. There was no immediate comment from the Syrian military. The latest escalation by Damascus and its allies has killed more than 500 people in the enclave over the last week, the Observatory says. The dead included more than 120 children. Signaling the war remained a top focus of world leaders, the Kremlin said Russian President Vladimir Putin and French and German counterparts Emmanuel Macron and Angela Merkel spoke by phone and discussed the ceasefire’s implementation. Iranian General Mohammad Baqeri, whose government backs Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, said Tehran and Damascus would respect the U.N. resolution. But the Iranian military chief of staff also said the truce did not cover parts of the Damascus suburbs“held by the terrorists”, the Tasnim news agency said. In Ankara, Turkish Deputy Prime Minister Bekir Bozdag said the U.N. resolution would not affect Turkey’s offensive against Kurdish fighters in Syria’s Kurdish-held Afrin region. Turkey launched an assault last month on Afrin, seeking to drive out the Syrian Kurdish YPG militia which it deems a menace along its border. Several ceasefires have unraveled quickly during the seven-year war in Syria, where Assad’s military has gained the upper hand with the help of Iran and Russia. The U.N. resolution on Saturday followed seven straight days of bombing by pro-government forces on eastern Ghouta, in one of the bloodiest offensives of the war. The Security Council voted unanimously to demand the truce to allow for aid access and medical evacuations. Yet while Moscow supported adopting the resolution, Russian U.N. Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia cast doubt on its feasibility. The resolution does not cover militants from Islamic State, al-Qaeda, and the Nusra Front. Baqeri said Iran and Syria would adhere to it. But“parts of the suburbs of Damascus, which are held by the terrorists, are not covered by the ceasefire and clean-up (operations) will continue there,” Tasnim quoted him as saying. The Syrian government and Russia deny hitting civilians. Moscow and Damascus have said they seek to stop mortar attacks by militants injuring dozens in the capital. The United Nations says nearly 400,000 people live in eastern Ghouta, a pocket of towns and farms under government siege since 2013. It is the only big rebel bastion left near the capital. The two major Islamist factions in Ghouta said they waged fierce battles on Sunday on several fronts around the enclave, where troops and rebels have clashed in recent weeks. Hamza Birqdar, Jaish al-Islam’s military spokesman, said the rebels thwarted attempts by government forces and Iran-backed militias to advance. “In the early hours of dawn today, there were heated battles which Assad’s forces launched,” said Wael Olwan, spokesman for Failaq al-Rahman.“They tried to storm the eastern frontlines. The bombing is ongoing at this moment.” Russia was counting on foreign supporters of anti-government forces to ensure that the ceasefire was observed, the foreign ministry in Moscow said. Moscow has blamed Nusra fighters from al-Qaeda’s former Syria branch for provoking the situation in Ghouta. Both main rebel factions in turn accuse their enemies of using the presence of a few hundred jihadist fighters as a pretext for attacks. Syrian state media said Ghouta insurgents shelled parts of Damascus. An army unit destroyed a rigged vehicle that militants tried to send into the capital a day earlier and killed the suicide attacker, a Syrian military source said. Pope Francis described Syria as“martyred” on Sunday, calling for aid access and an immediate end to violence. “All this is inhuman,” Francis told tens of thousands of people in St. Peter’s Square for his weekly blessing. First responders in eastern Ghouta rushed to look for survivors after air raids on Beit Sawa and Saqba, said the Civil Defence service which operates in rebel territory. A witness in Douma said warplanes were still flying in the morning. People have holed up in basements to hide from the air strikes in recent days, and medical charities decried attacks on more than a dozen hospitals. 
967708711715254272	2018-02-25 10:31:50	https://t.co/cG77hLTpWp	Russia barred from flying flag at Games closing ceremony https://t.co/cG77hLTpWp by @karolosgrohmann… https://t.co/wKBJyywSv0	 PYEONGCHANG, South Korea (Reuters) - The International Olympic Committee (IOC) dashed Russian athletes’ hopes of marching behind their national flag at the Winter Games closing ceremony on Sunday, deciding against immediately lifting Russia’s Olympic suspension after fresh doping violations. Russians have been competing as neutral athletes at the Games, their Olympic status suspended, as IOC punishment for years of drug scandals involving allegations that Russia ran a systematic, state-backed drug-cheating programme. The IOC said two Russian doping violations during the Pyeongchang Games had marred an otherwise clean report card for the delegation at the Games, though later on Sunday, Russia’s ice hockey team violated the IOC’s rules on neutrality by singing the Russian national anthem. IOC President Thomas Bach said the two positive doping tests were impossible to ignore in making the decision to keep the suspension in place until after the Games close. “This was hugely disappointing and, in addition to other considerations, prevented the IOC from even considering lifting the suspension for the closing ceremony,” IOC President Thomas Bach said in presenting the recommendation to IOC members. Bach said Russia’s Olympic status would be restored automatically once it was confirmed there were no other doping violations by Russian athletes at Pyeongchang. “That is an automatic decision,” he told reporters.“This is an objective condition... and then the sanction is lifted.” The suspended Russian Olympic Committee (ROC) said it hoped to return to the Olympic family in the coming days. “We hope and really count on that in the next few days, the membership of the Russian Olympic Committee in the IOC will be completely restored,” it said in a statement. “In light of the situation, we consider that the restoration of the rights of the ROC and all Russian athletes will be the main result of the Olympic Games that are ending today.” Competition at the Winter Games concluded on Sunday and final drug-testing results might not be known for several days or even weeks. “I’m very disappointed,” said Elena Valbe, president of the Russian cross-country skiing federation. “Some athletes stayed behind later with the hope that they would be walking under the Russian flag. I’ve heard athletes say that they were staying just because they wanted to walk with the flag and in our uniform.” Former Olympic ice hockey champion Igor Larionov told Reuters it was hard for Russian players to stand on the podium under the Olympic flag when they won a gold medal. “Time needs to pass for the right to have the flag back, I think,” the Russian said.“It is difficult for me to understand how any figure skater, hockey player or skier can win gold and stand on the podium without their flag. It’s sad.” Bogdan Kiselevich, a member of the Olympic Athletes from Russia (OAR) team that beat Germany to win men’s ice hockey gold on Sunday, said singing the Russian anthem at the medal ceremony had not been a spur-of-the moment decision. “From the start,” he said, after he was asked when they had decided to sing it.“It has been decided with the flag so we had to do it.” Kiselevich’s team mate Vyacheslav Voynov said the players had shrugged off the news that they would not be allowed to march with the Russian flag at the closing ceremony. “We are not bothered,” he told reporters.“It’s of course sad for us. But if that’s what was decided then it has to be that way.” Russia’s Olympic delegation chief and its figure skating silver medallist, Evgenia Medvedeva, had made a last appeal to the IOC on Saturday for their suspension to be lifted, apologising for the two doping violations during the Games. Medal-winning curler Alexander Krushelnitsky and bobsledder Nadezhda Sergeeva failed doping tests, angering a team that had been through extensive testing before and during the first days of Games competition without returning any positive results. The lawyer for Grigory Rodchenkov, the former Russian doping laboratory director who turned whistleblower and helped to expose the drugs scandal, said“cooler heads” at the IOC had prevailed and stopped Russia’s immediate Olympic return. Rodchenkov currently lives in hiding in the United States. “Thomas Bach was a drowning man but finally cooler heads within the IOC threw him a life preserver,” Jim Walden said in a statement. “Yet, in the decision, the IOC had the gall to claim Russia‘respected’ its decision on December 5th to institute the suspension. The acrimony caused by Bach’s mismanagement should be his undoing,” Walden said. At the Games, the Russians have been unable to wear national uniforms or have their anthem played at medal presentations. Russian delegation chief Stanislav Pozdnyakov has said that the prospect of flying the flag at Sunday’s closing ceremony meant more to his athletes than winning medals. In December, the IOC had held out the prospect of lifting Russia’s suspension for the closing ceremony, on the condition its athletes met a strict code of conduct, including compliance with anti-doping rules and observance of athlete neutrality. 
967702179091025920	2018-02-25 10:05:53	https://t.co/3NlGmNgYu9	Labour Brexit chief says party wants new customs union with EU https://t.co/3NlGmNgYu9	 COVENTRY, England (Reuters) - Britain should enter a new customs union with the European Union, Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said on Monday, setting up a possible parliamentary defeat for Prime Minister Theresa May who has vowed to leave the arrangement after Brexit. After months watching May’s Conservatives voice deep divisions on the EU without committing himself to a clear vision of life outside the bloc, Corbyn said he wanted a“bespoke” customs union with exemptions for Britain on a number of issues. But his proposals, like those set out by May last week and derided by a senior EU official as“pure illusion”, could fall flat in Brussels where officials have ruled out“cherry picking” market access without accepting all the rules. “Labour would seek to negotiate a new comprehensive UK-EU customs union to ensure that there are no tariffs with Europe and to help avoid any need for a hard border in Northern Ireland,” Corbyn told students and local politicians at Coventry University in central England. He gave as an example the Mini,“one of Britain’s most iconic brands”, manufactured by Germany’s BMW (BMWG.DE). The product, he said, crosses the English Channel“three times in a 2,000-mile journey before the finished car rolls off the production line”, underlining the importance of a“frictionless supply chain”. “But we are also clear that the option of a new UK customs union with the EU would need to ensure the UK has a say in future trade deals ... Labour would not countenance a deal that left Britain as a passive recipient of rules decided elsewhere by others. That would mean ending up as mere rule takers.” By leaving the single market, Britain would no longer have to accept unlimited immigration from the EU - one of the main issues that drove many people to vote for Brexit at a referendum in 2016. The proposed customs union would cover only goods, not the services that are a vital part of Britain’s economy and exports currently given free access to the single market. A spokesman for the European Commission declined to comment but one diplomat said on condition of anonymity:“Corbyn’s speech is most welcome but he cannot expect the EU single market to become the cherry on his‘new cake’.” A Labour source said there was no“plan B” if the EU rejected the plan under which the party would press for“protections, clarifications or exemptions where necessary” for privatisation, public service competition directives, state aid and procurement rules. The CBI, the leading business lobby, said a customs union would“help grow trade without accepting freedom of movement or payments to the EU”, but it added:“businesses have their eyes wide open on Labour’s overall rhetoric on re-nationalisation”. Corbyn showed no sign of backing away from those plans, saying he could not accept EU competition rules for sectors such as the Royal Mail,“a natural monopoly”, or the bloc’s rules that dictated during the nationalisation of Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS.L) the sale of its“best parts”. The next election is due in 2022, so the 68-year-old socialist may never get to the negotiating table before Britain leaves the EU. But by defining a clearer position on the trading relationship, he has set up a possible win in parliament. Eight Conservative rebels have backed an amendment to proposed trade legislation that seeks to bind the government into being in a customs union with the EU. The vote, expected later this year, could be tight: May holds a working majority of 13 seats and, while British media said between 10 and 15 of her party might rebel, some pro-Brexit Labour MPs are expected to vote with the government. “I appeal to MPs of all parties to be prepared to put the people’s interests before the ideological fantasies, join us in supporting the option of a new UK customs union with the EU that would give us a say in future trade agreements,” Corbyn said. While defeat would be a challenge to May, some of her rebels have played down talk of a government collapse, and any changes could be reversed later in the legislative process. Trade Secretary Liam Fox said the government would delay the vote partly to gain more time to convince its MPs to vote with the government. May is due to set out her latest vision for Britain’s post-Brexit relationship with the EU in a speech on Friday, following a special cabinet meeting on Thursday when she will also meet European Council President Donald Tusk who last week called her ideas on future trade ties“pure illusion”. Labour is narrowly ahead in opinion polls, but, like the Conservatives, remains deeply divided on Brexit and has no appetite for a second referendum on EU membership. The party’s divisions were exposed over the weekend when more than 80 senior members called on Corbyn, a long time critic of the EU, to commit to remaining in the bloc’s single market. “The European Union is not the root of all our problems and leaving it will not solve all our problems. Likewise, the EU is not the source of all enlightenment and leaving it does not inevitably spell doom for our country,” Corbyn said to applause. “The truth is more down to earth and it’s in our hands.” 
967696513139920896	2018-02-25 09:43:22	https://t.co/GoHu4zfGIK	North Korea condemns U.S. sanctions as officials gather for Olympic ceremony https://t.co/GoHu4zfGIK	 SEOUL/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said any talks with North Korea must lead to an end to its nuclear program after senior officials from Pyongyang visiting South Korea said on Sunday their government was open to talks with the United States. The North Korean delegation, in Pyeongchang for the closing ceremony of the Winter Olympics, met at an undisclosed location with South Korean President Moon Jae-in, and expressed a willingness to meet with the United States, Moon’s office said in a statement. The Pyongyang delegation said developments in relations between the two Koreas and between North Korea and the United States should go hand in hand, according to the statement. The Olympics gave a boost to recent engagement between the two Koreas after more than a year of sharply rising tensions over the North’s missile program and its sixth and largest nuclear test in defiance of U.N. sanctions. The United States announced on Friday it was imposing its largest package of sanctions aimed at getting North Korea to give up its nuclear and missile programs. On Sunday, North Korean state media accused the United States of provoking confrontation on the Korean peninsula with the sanctions. The White House said its sanctions would continue. “We will see if Pyongyang’s message today, that it is willing to hold talks, represents the first steps along the path to denuclearization,” the White House said in a statement. “In the meantime, the United States and the world must continue to make clear that North Korea’s nuclear and missile programs are a dead end,” it said. Moon, the North Korean delegation, and Ivanka Trump, U.S. President Donald Trump’s daughter, were among dignitaries who attended the Olympics closing ceremony on Sunday. Ivanka Trump, a senior White House adviser, did not interact with the North Korean delegation, a senior U.S. administration official said. She met Moon on Friday as part of a weekend trip leading the U.S. delegation to the closing ceremony. North Korea sent former military intelligence chief Kim Yong Chol, an official accused of being behind a deadly 2010 attack on a South Korean warship, to lead its delegation. The decision enraged the families of 46 sailors killed in the torpedo attack and threatened the mood of rapprochement that Seoul sought to create at what it called the“Peace Games.” North Korea has denied its involvement in the sinking. Moon met Kim in Pyeongchang, where the Olympics were held, before the closing ceremony, the South Korean government said. Earlier, about 100 conservative South Korean lawmakers and activists staged a sit-in near the border with North Korea, to protest Kim’s arrival and facing off against about 2,500 South Korean police. The North’s delegation took a different route, prompting the opposition Korea Liberty Party to accuse Moon’s administration of“abuse of power and an act of treason” by rerouting the motorcade to shield it from the protest. The North sent Kim Yo Jong, the younger sister of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, to the opening ceremony. She was the center of a frenzy of attention, especially when she appeared at the opening ceremony and was only a few feet from U.S. Vice President Mike Pence. They did not speak. Kim Yo Jong and the North’s nominal head of state were the most senior North Korean officials to visit the South in more than a decade. The North Korean leader later said he wanted to create a“warm climate of reconciliation and dialogue.” The U.S. president, in announcing the new sanctions on Friday, warned of a“phase two” that could be“very, very unfortunate for the world” if the sanctions did not work. North Korea denounced the sanctions in a statement carried on its state media and said a blockade by the United States would be considered an act of war. China also reacted angrily, saying on Saturday the unilateral targeting of Chinese firms and people risked harming cooperation on North Korea. Moon won election last year promising to try to improve relations with the North. 
967693685088489472	2018-02-25 09:32:08	https://t.co/EF5Ye7dEJY	Iran says attacks on 'terrorists' in Damascus suburbs to continue: agency https://t.co/EF5Ye7dEJY	 DUBAI (Reuters) - Iran said on Sunday that attacks will continue on Damascus suburbs held by“terrorists”, but elsewhere Iran and Syria will respect a U.N. resolution demanding a 30-day truce to allow aid access and medical evacuation, Iranian news agencies reported. “We will adhere to the ceasefire resolution, Syria will also adhere. Parts of the suburbs of Damascus, which are held by the terrorists, are not covered by the ceasefire and clean-up (operations) will continue there,” the semi-official news agency Tasnim quoted Iran’s military chief of staff General Mohammad Baqeri as saying. The U.N. Security Council on Saturday demanded a 30-day truce across Syria, as one of the deadliest air assaults of the seven-year war pounded the rebel enclave of eastern Ghouta outside Damascus. “As the text (of the U.N. resolution) says, parts of the suburbs of Damascus, which are specifically controlled by the terrorists of the Nusra Front and other terrorist groups, are not subject to ceasefire,” Baqeri said, according to state news agency IRNA. 
967690954265198593	2018-02-25 09:21:16	https://t.co/FtOgfKG9qh	China sets stage for Xi to stay in office indefinitely https://t.co/FtOgfKG9qh	 BEIJING (Reuters) - China’s ruling Communist Party on Sunday set the stage for President Xi Jinping to stay in office indefinitely, with a proposal to remove a constitutional clause limiting presidential service to just two terms in office. Since taking office more than five years ago, Xi has overseen a radical shake-up of the party, including taking down top leaders once thought untouchable as part of his popular war on deep-rooted corruption. Sunday’s announcement, carried by state news agency Xinhua, gave few details. It said the proposal had been made by the party’s Central Committee, the largest of its elite ruling bodies. The proposal also covers the vice president position. Xi, 64, is currently required by China’s constitution to step down as president after two five-year terms. Nearing the end of his first term, he will be formally elected to a second at the annual meeting of China’s largely rubber-stamp parliament opening on March 5. There is no limit on his tenure as the party and military chief, though a maximum 10-year term is the norm. He began his second term as head of the party and military in October at the end of a party congress held once every five years. Zhang Lifan, a historian and political commentator, said the news was not unexpected, and it was hard to predict exactly how long Xi could stay on in power. “In theory he could serve longer than Mugabe but in reality, no one is sure exactly what will happen,” Zhang said, referring to Zimbabwe’s former president whose four decades in office ended in November, after the army and his former political allies moved to force him out. Though positive remarks filled the comments section under the pages of main state media outlets like the People’s Daily, the move was not welcomed by everyone on China’s Twitter-like Weibo service. “If two terms are not enough, then they can write in a third term, but there needs to be a limit. Getting rid of it is not good!,” wrote one Weibo user. Constitutional reform needs to be approved by parliament, which is stacked with members chosen for their loyalty to the party - meaning the reform will not be blocked. There has been persistent speculation that Xi wants to stay on in office past the customary two five-year terms. The October party congress ended without appointing a clear eventual successor for Xi. However, the role of party chief is more senior than that of president. At some point, Xi could be given a party position that also enables him to stay on as long as he likes. Xi is currently the party’s general secretary, but not chairman. China’s first three leaders after the founding of the People’s Republic in 1949 all carried the title party chairman -Mao Zedong, Hua Guofeng and then Hu Yaobang. It has not been used since. “Whether Xi ends up being Party Chairman or just remains Party Secretary doesn’t really matter. What matters is whether he holds onto power,” said Zhang Ming, a professor of political science at Renmin University of China in Beijing. “Titles don’t matter as much in China as they do in the West. Here what matters is whether you are the emperor,” he added.“In China, ordinary people already consider Xi Jinping to be the emperor.” Mao, the founder of Communist China and still held in god-like awe by many Chinese, died while still Communist Party chairman in 1976, having never retired. State media has also increasingly been using the term“lingxiu” to refer to Xi, which means“leader”. Distinct from the standard usage of“lingdao” for leader,“lingxiu” evokes grander, almost spiritual, connotations. Mao, for example, was referred to as“lingxiu”, but Xi’s two immediate predecessors, Hu Jintao and Jiang Zemin, were not. In a Sunday commentary on its WeChat account, state television said:“The people love the people’s‘lingxiu’!”, above a picture of Xi being greeted by an adoring crowd in Sichuan province earlier this month. The move to lift the presidential term limits is not unexpected. The party has been laying the groundwork for Xi not to have to go. One of Xi’s closest political allies, former top graft buster Wang Qishan, stepped down from the party’s Standing Committee - the seven-man body that runs China - in October. Aged 69, Wang had reached the age at which top officials tend to retire. But he has been chosen as a parliament delegate this year and is likely to become vice president, sources with ties to the leadership and diplomats say. The move is significant because if Wang does not retire, that would set a precedent for Xi to stay on in power too after he reaches what is normally considered retirement age. The Central Committee also proposed other changes to the country’s constitution, including inserting“Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era” into the constitution, referring to Xi’s rather wordy guiding political thought that is already in the party constitution. The constitution will further ensure that party control over the country is not in any doubt, too, strengthening existing clauses about the leading role of the Communist Party in China. “The leadership of the Communist Party of China is the defining feature of socialism with Chinese characteristics,” Xinhua cited one of the proposed new clauses as saying. 
967689913931100160	2018-02-25 09:17:08	https://t.co/4rpYiCLIAH	Skaters let their hair down at final Olympic event https://t.co/4rpYiCLIAH by @ElaineLies #PyeongChang2018. More fr… https://t.co/DTBbaj2bJg	 GANGNEUNG, South Korea (Reuters) - Rappers, Spiderman and a sultry tiger took to the ice on Sunday as the world’s top skaters let their creativity take over in a gala exhibition, the final figure skating event at the Pyeongchang Games. Galas are a traditional part of any major figure skating competition, allowing fans to glimpse a different side of the skaters, who do moves and routines not usually permitted under competition rules. Each skater works up a separate routine that they use all year. Props and original costumes are also permitted. Alina Zagitova, the women’s singles champion, wore a tiger-striped costume and set a lit candle on the ice for her sultry routine to“Afro Blue” by Jazzmeia Horn, while Uzbekistan’s Misha Ge came out in a boxing robe and gloves. Canada’s bronze-winning pair Meagan Duhamel and Eric Radford used a folding chair for an emotional rendition of Billy Joel’s“Piano Man”. Others went for comedy. Ice dancers Anna Cappellini and Luca Lanotte of Italy did a Charlie Chaplin routine to a medley of themes from his movies, drawing laughter and applause, as did pairs skaters and compatriots Valentina Marchei and Ondrej Hotarek, who skated to“Barbie Girl”. Pairs skaters Ryom Tae Ok and Kim Ju Sik, the only North Korean athletes who qualified for the Games instead of being allowed to take part, drew the loudest roars from the crowd for their routine to a song whose title means“Nice to Meet You,” during which they waved and bowed to the arena. Boyang Jin of China, known for his quadruple jump prowess, obliged with several in his“Spiderman” routine. Japanese men’s champion Yuzuru Hanyu’s routine was dedicated to the victims of Japan’s massive March 2011 earthquake and tsunami. Spain’s bronze medalist Javier Fernandez from Spain, however, stole the show when he came out carrying a gym bag in a routine that depicted an aerobics class. Flirting shamelessly with the crowd with lines that included“You can call me later” and“A body like this just doesn’t happen,” he performed pushups to“Let’s Get Physical” before stripping down to a muscle shirt and Superman cape. Once the skaters cleared the ice, volunteers who have helped at the venue piled on to it to take selfies and chat around the Olympic rings, signaling the end of the show. Until Beijing in 2022. 
967689079453298688	2018-02-25 09:13:49	https://t.co/strqtTLLyw	Iran, Syria to continue attacking 'terrorists' in Damascus suburbs: agency https://t.co/strqtTLLyw	 DUBAI (Reuters) - Iran said on Sunday that attacks will continue on Damascus suburbs held by“terrorists”, but elsewhere Iran and Syria will respect a U.N. resolution demanding a 30-day truce to allow aid access and medical evacuation, Iranian news agencies reported. “We will adhere to the ceasefire resolution, Syria will also adhere. Parts of the suburbs of Damascus, which are held by the terrorists, are not covered by the ceasefire and clean-up (operations) will continue there,” the semi-official news agency Tasnim quoted Iran’s military chief of staff General Mohammad Baqeri as saying. The U.N. Security Council on Saturday demanded a 30-day truce across Syria, as one of the deadliest air assaults of the seven-year war pounded the rebel enclave of eastern Ghouta outside Damascus. “As the text (of the U.N. resolution) says, parts of the suburbs of Damascus, which are specifically controlled by the terrorists of the Nusra Front and other terrorist groups, are not subject to ceasefire,” Baqeri said, according to state news agency IRNA. 
967688876872687616	2018-02-25 09:13:01	https://t.co/TEkPnTH8gd	Friedrich's German team claim four-man gold https://t.co/TEkPnTH8gd by @sgevans #PyeongChang2018. More from the Win… https://t.co/hJt2QVTVvd	 PYEONGCHANG, South Korea (Reuters) - Francesco Friedrich’s four-man German bobsleigh team won gold on Sunday with their victory at the Olympic Sliding Centre completing Germany’s sweep of the bobsleigh gold medals. The German unit, piloted by the powerfully-built multiple world champion Friedrich, finished with a combined time of three minutes, 15.85 seconds. Despite their fourth run of 49.53 being their slowest as they defended their lead, the team were still 0.53 seconds ahead of Won Yun-jong’s South Korean side, who tied with the second German team piloted by Nico Walther for the silver. The medal is the first for South Korea in the sport. Germany, the traditional bobsleigh powerhouse, failed to make the podium in the four-man event in Sochi four years ago. “It was a really stressful week now it is finished and I am happy we have done it,” said Friedrich. “The failure in Sochi motivated us all the more to win. We worked like mad, we did everything for this moment and it worked out 100 percent.” The German pair of Friedrich and Thorsten Margis shared gold with Canada in the two-man event on Monday after a dramatic dead-heat. With Germany’s Mariama Jamanka and Lisa Buckwitz winning the two woman race, Germany has won all three of the bobsleigh golds in Pyeongchang. “I am so proud of the whole German team. We did it in the two-man and the four-man and also the girls’ gold, which wasn’t expected,” said Friedrich. The healthy-sized home crowd lapped up the chance to see their own team battle for a medal and Won was delighted to have his team’s efforts rewarded. “I couldn’t believe it. It was only in my imagination. I was so happy with the result,” he said. “There were so many people behind us. We have our team and a lot of sponsors, everyone worked as a team so that we could get this result. I’d really like to thank them,” added Won. The second German team included four-time gold medal winner Kevin Kuske, who decided at the age of 39 to enjoy one more attempt at a Games and ended up with a silver. Pilot Walther paid tribute to the veteran pusher. “I am so proud of our team, especially Kevin. He has four Olympic gold medals and he decided after the disappointment of Sochi that he would do four more years and we wanted to win a medal for him. “It was his last race and he has won a silver. He is the most successful bobsledder now which makes me so proud and happy.” 
967686018232127488	2018-02-25 09:01:40	https://t.co/onZjkavEqv	North Korea condemns U.S. sanctions, says blockade would be act of war https://t.co/onZjkavEqv	 SEOUL/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said any talks with North Korea must lead to an end to its nuclear program after senior officials from Pyongyang visiting South Korea said on Sunday their government was open to talks with the United States. The North Korean delegation, in Pyeongchang for the closing ceremony of the Winter Olympics, met at an undisclosed location with South Korean President Moon Jae-in, and expressed a willingness to meet with the United States, Moon’s office said in a statement. The Pyongyang delegation said developments in relations between the two Koreas and between North Korea and the United States should go hand in hand, according to the statement. The Olympics gave a boost to recent engagement between the two Koreas after more than a year of sharply rising tensions over the North’s missile program and its sixth and largest nuclear test in defiance of U.N. sanctions. The United States announced on Friday it was imposing its largest package of sanctions aimed at getting North Korea to give up its nuclear and missile programs. On Sunday, North Korean state media accused the United States of provoking confrontation on the Korean peninsula with the sanctions. The White House said its sanctions would continue. “We will see if Pyongyang’s message today, that it is willing to hold talks, represents the first steps along the path to denuclearization,” the White House said in a statement. “In the meantime, the United States and the world must continue to make clear that North Korea’s nuclear and missile programs are a dead end,” it said. Moon, the North Korean delegation, and Ivanka Trump, U.S. President Donald Trump’s daughter, were among dignitaries who attended the Olympics closing ceremony on Sunday. Ivanka Trump, a senior White House adviser, did not interact with the North Korean delegation, a senior U.S. administration official said. She met Moon on Friday as part of a weekend trip leading the U.S. delegation to the closing ceremony. North Korea sent former military intelligence chief Kim Yong Chol, an official accused of being behind a deadly 2010 attack on a South Korean warship, to lead its delegation. The decision enraged the families of 46 sailors killed in the torpedo attack and threatened the mood of rapprochement that Seoul sought to create at what it called the“Peace Games.” North Korea has denied its involvement in the sinking. Moon met Kim in Pyeongchang, where the Olympics were held, before the closing ceremony, the South Korean government said. Earlier, about 100 conservative South Korean lawmakers and activists staged a sit-in near the border with North Korea, to protest Kim’s arrival and facing off against about 2,500 South Korean police. The North’s delegation took a different route, prompting the opposition Korea Liberty Party to accuse Moon’s administration of“abuse of power and an act of treason” by rerouting the motorcade to shield it from the protest. The North sent Kim Yo Jong, the younger sister of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, to the opening ceremony. She was the center of a frenzy of attention, especially when she appeared at the opening ceremony and was only a few feet from U.S. Vice President Mike Pence. They did not speak. Kim Yo Jong and the North’s nominal head of state were the most senior North Korean officials to visit the South in more than a decade. The North Korean leader later said he wanted to create a“warm climate of reconciliation and dialogue.” The U.S. president, in announcing the new sanctions on Friday, warned of a“phase two” that could be“very, very unfortunate for the world” if the sanctions did not work. North Korea denounced the sanctions in a statement carried on its state media and said a blockade by the United States would be considered an act of war. China also reacted angrily, saying on Saturday the unilateral targeting of Chinese firms and people risked harming cooperation on North Korea. Moon won election last year promising to try to improve relations with the North. 
967685893241950209	2018-02-25 09:01:10	https://t.co/3gTskaUkyo	Disappointing U.S. to take a hard look at what went wrong in South Korea https://t.co/3gTskaUkyo by @ossianshine… https://t.co/jVSvJd61in	 PYEONGCHANG, South Korea (Reuters) - Having fallen way short of their Olympic medal target, the U.S. team said on Sunday it would take a hard look at what went wrong in South Korea, and a long look at who fared well. With only a couple of events to go, the U.S. tally of 23 was way short of the 37 they had targeted, and represents their worst showing in 20 years. Not since their 13 medals at Nagano in 1998 had a U.S. team left a Games with such slim pickings. Their 23 here, including nine golds, saw the United States in fourth place in the standings at the beginning of the final day, behind Norway, Germany and Canada. “Yeah, you know we always want to do better and I want them to do better because I want that to be a reflection of what they’re capable of because it’s an amazing team,” said U.S. chef de mission Alan Ashley. “We’re going to look at the other countries, (and ask),‘What are they doing?’. One of the things I’m curious about is that Norway had a runaway success here and they really did a great job preparing their athletes and I really admire them for that. “I admire their athletes as well. I want to find out some things about what they’re up to. “I really want to sit down and get the feedback from the athletes about what sort of things they see in the field in the preparation of their competitors so we can learn from that and focus on some of those things, whether that’s in the areas of coaching, better training, better technology and innovation, more competition opportunities. “You’ve just got to look at all those things as you go into this.” Seeking a silver lining, Ashley pointed to the U.S. team’s depth, and what that means for the future. “I’m actually more encouraged now than I’ve ever been,” he said.“Even though people can say‘well, you know, you didn’t hit your medal count, you didn’t get to the right level’, look at the depth of our team. “Look at the number of individuals who were, like, fourth through sixth. I mean we had 35 individuals that were four through six, we had some incredibly close calls. “I want to basically look at this and say this is an opportunity for us. We have this amazing depth, we have these incredible medalists and how do we basically continue to compete at an even higher level and give them what they need going forward.” 
967680971872063489	2018-02-25 08:41:36	https://t.co/a1IMe33MQH	China proposes removal of two-term limit for president: Xinhua https://t.co/a1IMe33MQH	 BEIJING (Reuters) - China’s ruling Communist Party on Sunday set the stage for President Xi Jinping to stay in office indefinitely, with a proposal to remove a constitutional clause limiting presidential service to just two terms in office. Since taking office more than five years ago, Xi has overseen a radical shake-up of the party, including taking down top leaders once thought untouchable as part of his popular war on deep-rooted corruption. Sunday’s announcement, carried by state news agency Xinhua, gave few details. It said the proposal had been made by the party’s Central Committee, the largest of its elite ruling bodies. The proposal also covers the vice president position. Xi, 64, is currently required by China’s constitution to step down as president after two five-year terms. Nearing the end of his first term, he will be formally elected to a second at the annual meeting of China’s largely rubber-stamp parliament opening on March 5. There is no limit on his tenure as the party and military chief, though a maximum 10-year term is the norm. He began his second term as head of the party and military in October at the end of a party congress held once every five years. Zhang Lifan, a historian and political commentator, said the news was not unexpected, and it was hard to predict exactly how long Xi could stay on in power. “In theory he could serve longer than Mugabe but in reality, no one is sure exactly what will happen,” Zhang said, referring to Zimbabwe’s former president whose four decades in office ended in November, after the army and his former political allies moved to force him out. Though positive remarks filled the comments section under the pages of main state media outlets like the People’s Daily, the move was not welcomed by everyone on China’s Twitter-like Weibo service. “If two terms are not enough, then they can write in a third term, but there needs to be a limit. Getting rid of it is not good!,” wrote one Weibo user. Constitutional reform needs to be approved by parliament, which is stacked with members chosen for their loyalty to the party - meaning the reform will not be blocked. There has been persistent speculation that Xi wants to stay on in office past the customary two five-year terms. The October party congress ended without appointing a clear eventual successor for Xi. However, the role of party chief is more senior than that of president. At some point, Xi could be given a party position that also enables him to stay on as long as he likes. Xi is currently the party’s general secretary, but not chairman. China’s first three leaders after the founding of the People’s Republic in 1949 all carried the title party chairman -Mao Zedong, Hua Guofeng and then Hu Yaobang. It has not been used since. “Whether Xi ends up being Party Chairman or just remains Party Secretary doesn’t really matter. What matters is whether he holds onto power,” said Zhang Ming, a professor of political science at Renmin University of China in Beijing. “Titles don’t matter as much in China as they do in the West. Here what matters is whether you are the emperor,” he added.“In China, ordinary people already consider Xi Jinping to be the emperor.” Mao, the founder of Communist China and still held in god-like awe by many Chinese, died while still Communist Party chairman in 1976, having never retired. State media has also increasingly been using the term“lingxiu” to refer to Xi, which means“leader”. Distinct from the standard usage of“lingdao” for leader,“lingxiu” evokes grander, almost spiritual, connotations. Mao, for example, was referred to as“lingxiu”, but Xi’s two immediate predecessors, Hu Jintao and Jiang Zemin, were not. In a Sunday commentary on its WeChat account, state television said:“The people love the people’s‘lingxiu’!”, above a picture of Xi being greeted by an adoring crowd in Sichuan province earlier this month. The move to lift the presidential term limits is not unexpected. The party has been laying the groundwork for Xi not to have to go. One of Xi’s closest political allies, former top graft buster Wang Qishan, stepped down from the party’s Standing Committee - the seven-man body that runs China - in October. Aged 69, Wang had reached the age at which top officials tend to retire. But he has been chosen as a parliament delegate this year and is likely to become vice president, sources with ties to the leadership and diplomats say. The move is significant because if Wang does not retire, that would set a precedent for Xi to stay on in power too after he reaches what is normally considered retirement age. The Central Committee also proposed other changes to the country’s constitution, including inserting“Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era” into the constitution, referring to Xi’s rather wordy guiding political thought that is already in the party constitution. The constitution will further ensure that party control over the country is not in any doubt, too, strengthening existing clauses about the leading role of the Communist Party in China. “The leadership of the Communist Party of China is the defining feature of socialism with Chinese characteristics,” Xinhua cited one of the proposed new clauses as saying. 
967677491774152704	2018-02-25 08:27:47	https://t.co/wSZXeEaqe3	Olympic Athletes from Russia beat Germany in overtime to win gold https://t.co/wSZXeEaqe3 by @Dan___Burns… https://t.co/mAf7mAwB3q	 GANGNEUNG, South Korea (Reuters) - Kirill Kaprizov scored in overtime to lead the Olympic Athletes from Russia (OAR) past a feisty Germany 4-3 on Sunday to win the men’s ice hockey gold before joining his team mates to defy a ban by singing the Russian national anthem during the medal ceremony. The Russians, competing as neutral athletes at Pyeongchang as punishment for a years-long Russian doping scandal, came back from one-goal down on a goal by Nikita Gusev with less than a minute left in regulation time to force overtime in one of the most pulsating finals in the history of Olympic hockey. At their medal ceremony, the players team sang the Russian anthem over the sound of the Olympic anthem at the Gangneung Hockey Centre despite being barred from having their flag raised or anthem played. The game was played hours after the International Olympic Committee (IOC) decided not to restore their delegation’s Olympic status, which would have enabled them to march under their flag at the closing ceremony later on Sunday. The team’s assistant captain Ilya Kovalchuk said the players had discussed beforehand whether to sing the anthem if they were to win, and they agreed they would. “We knew that we will do it if we win,” said Kovalchuk, the all-time leading Russian goal-scorer in Olympic play. Singing the Russian anthem on the field of play is a violation of the IOC’s rules on neutrality, which were imposed on Russia as part of sanctions punishing the nation over systematic doping across many sports. The victory marked the first time a team from Russia have won the gold medal in hockey since 1992, when the so-called Unified Team representing Russia and five other former Soviet republics beat Canada for the Olympic championship. “It means a lot. We didn’t win Olympics since‘92,” Kovalchuk said.“It was a while ago. That was our dream. That was my dream for when I was five years old, when I started playing. It’s great and it feels good.” The game was a thriller from the start and ended with flair, a perfect one-time slap shot from Kaprizov that ripped past German goaltender Danny aus den Birken with Germany’s Patrick Reimer off for high sticking. Kaprizov had been fed the puck by the other Russian hero of the game, Gusev, who netted two third period goals, including the one that tied it, sending the game to overtime with less than a minute to go and the Germans looking like they were about to pull off a huge upset. Gusev finished as the Olympic tournament’s points leader with four goals and eight assists. The Russians found themselves evenly matched by a German team who surprised the hockey world by making it to their first Olympic final. With the loss, the Germans won silver, their best finish ever in Olympic ice hockey and their first medal since a bronze at the Innsbruck games in 1976. On paper the final shouldn’t have been a fair fight, but the Germans, playing hockey for a country primarily obsessed with football, skated evenly with the OAR, a team loaded with top home-grown talent from Russia’s Kontinental Hockey League, seen as the world’s second-best league after the NHL, and led by ex-NHL all stars Pavel Datsyuk, their captain, and Kovalchuk. The Germans had punched above their weight to get to the final, beating hockey powerhouses Sweden and Canada, and they were not about to quit with the gold medal on the line. They came back twice from one-goal deficits and took the lead late on a goal by Jonas Muller, who beat Vasili Koshechkin between the legs, only to have their hearts broken by Gusev and Kaprizov. “It’s a little tough right now because we all felt we could have won that game, but that’s hockey, that’s just the way it is,” German coach Marco Sturm said.“We all thought we would sit at home and watch the final on the couch. But here we are. The boys are going to bring silver home and they should be proud.” 
967647925638696960	2018-02-25 06:30:18	https://t.co/LYkFdN46iB	Delta, United Airlines become latest companies to cut NRA ties https://t.co/LYkFdN46iB https://t.co/6ZvgRZnNIk	 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines and United Airlines on Saturday became the latest major corporations to sever marketing ties with the National Rifle Association as the fallout from last week’s massacre at a Florida high school took its toll on the gun advocacy group. The exodus of corporate names, ranging from a major insurer to car rental brands and a household moving company, began after the NRA launched a counter-offensive against a student-led campaign for tighter U.S. gun laws. The NRA responded by saying its members were being punished, but would not be intimidated, by what it called“a shameful display of political and civic cowardice” from some corporations. In tweets on Saturday, Delta (DAL.N) and United [UALCO.UL]said they were no longer offering NRA members discounted rates and they would ask the NRA to remove their information from its website. The issue of gun control, and the NRA’s role in opposing it, became the focus of renewed national debate after a former student killed 17 people on Feb. 14 at the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in the Fort Lauderdale suburb of Parkland, using an AR-15 assault rifle he had purchased legally. NRA spokespeople have lashed out at gun control advocates, arguing that Democratic elites are politicizing the deadly rampage in Florida to erode gun owners’ rights. In a statement on Saturday, the NRA said its more than five million law-abiding members had nothing to do with the failures of school security, the mental health system, or both local and federal law enforcement that it said had caused the tragedy. “Despite that, some corporations have decided to punish NRA membership in a shameful display of political and civic cowardice,” the statement said.“In time, these brands will be replaced by others who recognize that patriotism and determined commitment to Constitutional freedoms are characteristics of a marketplace they very much want to serve.” The attrition of NRA corporate partners began on Thursday when three rental car brands owned by Enterprise Holdings Inc said they were ending discount programs, and First National Bank of Omaha said it would not renew the NRA’s contract to issue a co-branded Visa card. By Friday, the list of defectors grew to include Symantec Corp (SYMC.O), which ended a discount program for its LifeLock identity theft product. Home security company SimpliSafe and Hertz Corp also terminated discount programs. Chubb Ltd (CB.N) said it would stop underwriting a NRA-branded insurance policy for gun owners that covers legal costs in self-defense shootings. Another insurer, MetLife Inc (MET.N), also said it had ended an auto and home incentive program for NRA members. And North American Van Lines said it was scrapping its affiliate relationship with the NRA. The U.S. Constitution’s Second Amendment protects the right of Americans to bear arms. The NRA, which has long used campaign donations and effective lobbying to command political influence, argues that stricter gun control would erode individual rights. 
967626585179328513	2018-02-25 05:05:30	https://t.co/7eDkQ6issS	Villagers flee Kashmir front line as India, Pakistan trade artillery fire https://t.co/7eDkQ6issS	 SRINAGAR, India (Reuters) - India and Pakistan have exchanged artillery fire in the disputed Kashmir region forcing hundreds of people to flee, police in Indian Kashmir said, raising fresh doubts about a 15-year-old ceasefire between the nuclear-armed rivals in the area. It was not clear what triggered the latest fighting on Saturday in the Uri sector on the so-called Line of Control (LoC) that divides the mostly Muslim Himalayan region. But tension has been running high since an attack on an Indian army camp in Kashmir this month in which six soldiers were killed. India blamed Pakistan for the attack and said it would make its rival pay for the“misadventure”. Police superintendent Imtiaz Hussain said artillery shells fired by the Pakistan army fell in the Uri area and hundreds of villagers had fled from their homes. Indian forces returned artillery fire, an Indian officer said, the first time the heavy guns had been used since a 2003 ceasefire along the disputed frontier. The two armies have been exchanging intermittent small-arms and mortar fire over the past couple of years as ties deteriorated. Hussain said Pakistani authorities made announcements from a mosque advising villagers living close to the LoC on the Indian side to flee, saying the situation was bad. About 700 people were sheltering at school in Uri, he said. India and Pakistan have twice gone to war over Kashmir since independence from Britain in 1947. The neighbors both claim the region in full but rule it in part. Pakistan’s foreign ministry condemned the firing and said in a statement 17 Pakistani civilians had been killed by Indian fire along the LoC this year. India accuses Pakistan of orchestrating a separatist revolt in Indian-controlled Kashmir. Muslim Pakistan denies giving material support to the fighters and calls for talks to resolve what it regards as the core disagreement between it and India. 
967618326749941760	2018-02-25 04:32:41	https://t.co/96hCYdSyIw	Cambodia votes in Senate election, PM's party expected to win https://t.co/96hCYdSyIw	 PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodia’s ruling party said on Sunday it had won every seat up for election on the Senate in a ballot held after thousands of opposition lawmakers and local council leaders were stripped of their right to vote. Preliminary results published by Cambodian People’s Party (CPP) showed it had won 58 seats on the 62-seat Senate, leaving the other three political parties with nothing. Official results were not yet available, but two officials on the National Election Committee (NEC) confirmed the result published by the CPP, headed by Prime Minister Hun Sen. Senate seats are elected by members of parliament and commune councillors across Cambodia. The king of Cambodia and the National Assembly appoint another two members each. Rights groups and members of the opposing Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) said the vote was a“sham” and “undemocratic”. The CNRP was dissolved by a court last November at the government’s request, and the CNRP says the authorities subsequently stripped 5,062 of its commune councillors and lawmakers of their voting rights. “The Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) calls on all friendly countries of Cambodia and the United Nations to not accept the results of the Senate election,” the CNRP said in a statement. The dissolution of the CNRP was followed by the arrest of its leader, Kem Sokha, last year for allegedly plotting to overthrow the government with U.S. help, an accusation both the United States and Kem Sokha have rejected. “Today’s exercise is a pointless farce that will deceive no one,” said CNRP’s former leader Sam Rainsy on Twitter on Sunday. Advocacy group ASEAN Parliamentarians for Human Rights APHR said the vote cannot be considered“a legitimate democratic exercise”, after the dissolution of CNRP and the overall climate of repression over the past year. 
967583991183347712	2018-02-25 02:16:14	https://t.co/kTBSBJI6Um	Mexican president's visit to White House postponed after testy Trump call https://t.co/kTBSBJI6Um	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto postponed plans for the Mexican leader’s first visit to the White House, after a testy phone call involving Trump’s push for a border wall, a senior U.S. official said on Saturday. “The two leaders agreed now was not the immediate right time for a visit but that they would have their teams continue to talk and work together,” the official said. Mexican officials had been talking about a summit between Trump and Pena Nieto in the next few weeks, without specifying when. The Washington Post, which first reported the delay earlier on Saturday, said the two leaders spoke for about 50 minutes on Tuesday. But the discussion led to an impasse when Trump would not agree to publicly affirm Mexico’s position that it would not fund construction of the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border. A Mexican official said Trump lost his temper during the conversation, the newspaper reported. But it said U.S. officials described Trump as frustrated and exasperated, because he believed it was unreasonable for Pena Nieto to want him to back off his campaign promise of forcing Mexico to pay for the wall. Mexico’s foreign ministry said it had nothing to say about the call, other than a statement on Tuesday that said Trump had expressed condolences for a helicopter crash in Mexico and both sides had committed to advancing the bilateral agenda of trade, migration and security. The wall, a key item for Trump’s political base of supporters, has become a sticking point in talks to keep alive a federal program that protects from deportation young people who were brought to the United States illegally as children. In his latest budget proposal to Congress, Trump requested $23 billion for border security, most of it for building the wall. Pena Nieto, who met Trump in July on the sidelines of a G20 summit, canceled an earlier meeting after Trump threatened to impose a tax on Mexican imports to pay for the wall. Trump also met the Mexican president once during the 2016 election campaign. 
967559787801120770	2018-02-25 00:40:04	https://t.co/3dJ9RzMKbJ	Delta, United Airlines become latest companies to cut NRA ties https://t.co/3dJ9RzMKbJ https://t.co/QTNoqOknOA	 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines and United Airlines on Saturday became the latest major corporations to sever marketing ties with the National Rifle Association as the fallout from last week’s massacre at a Florida high school took its toll on the gun advocacy group. The exodus of corporate names, ranging from a major insurer to car rental brands and a household moving company, began after the NRA launched a counter-offensive against a student-led campaign for tighter U.S. gun laws. The NRA responded by saying its members were being punished, but would not be intimidated, by what it called“a shameful display of political and civic cowardice” from some corporations. In tweets on Saturday, Delta (DAL.N) and United [UALCO.UL]said they were no longer offering NRA members discounted rates and they would ask the NRA to remove their information from its website. The issue of gun control, and the NRA’s role in opposing it, became the focus of renewed national debate after a former student killed 17 people on Feb. 14 at the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in the Fort Lauderdale suburb of Parkland, using an AR-15 assault rifle he had purchased legally. NRA spokespeople have lashed out at gun control advocates, arguing that Democratic elites are politicizing the deadly rampage in Florida to erode gun owners’ rights. In a statement on Saturday, the NRA said its more than five million law-abiding members had nothing to do with the failures of school security, the mental health system, or both local and federal law enforcement that it said had caused the tragedy. “Despite that, some corporations have decided to punish NRA membership in a shameful display of political and civic cowardice,” the statement said.“In time, these brands will be replaced by others who recognize that patriotism and determined commitment to Constitutional freedoms are characteristics of a marketplace they very much want to serve.” The attrition of NRA corporate partners began on Thursday when three rental car brands owned by Enterprise Holdings Inc said they were ending discount programs, and First National Bank of Omaha said it would not renew the NRA’s contract to issue a co-branded Visa card. By Friday, the list of defectors grew to include Symantec Corp (SYMC.O), which ended a discount program for its LifeLock identity theft product. Home security company SimpliSafe and Hertz Corp also terminated discount programs. Chubb Ltd (CB.N) said it would stop underwriting a NRA-branded insurance policy for gun owners that covers legal costs in self-defense shootings. Another insurer, MetLife Inc (MET.N), also said it had ended an auto and home incentive program for NRA members. And North American Van Lines said it was scrapping its affiliate relationship with the NRA. The U.S. Constitution’s Second Amendment protects the right of Americans to bear arms. The NRA, which has long used campaign donations and effective lobbying to command political influence, argues that stricter gun control would erode individual rights. 
967551467568730113	2018-02-25 00:07:00	https://t.co/TGi7FuzpAH	Four police arrested in Mexico over disappearance of Italian men https://t.co/TGi7FuzpAH	 MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Four police officers in western Mexico have been arrested on suspicion of abducting three missing Italian men for local gangsters, state prosecutors said on Saturday. The three men reportedly went missing on Jan. 31 after being detained by police at a gasoline station in the municipality of Tecalitlan in southern Jalisco state, the home of Mexico’s second biggest city, Guadalajara. The Jalisco attorney general’s office said four Tecalitlan police officers, three men and a woman, had been held on suspicion of carrying out the forced disappearance of the Naples natives Raffaele Russo, Antonio Russo and Vincenzo Cimmino. Jalisco attorney general Raul Sanchez said the arrested police officers had told investigators they had been ordered to hand over the three men to a local criminal gang. Authorities are still trying to locate the Italians, and investigations are continuing, he told a news conference. It was not clear why the police had been told to abduct the men. Jalisco is home to the Jalisco New Generation Cartel (CJNG), one of Mexico’s most powerful drug gangs and one notorious for infiltrating the police. Sanchez could not say whether the Italians had been handed over to members of the CJNG. 
967541057507512320	2018-02-24 23:25:38	https://t.co/lBE1wrxZPP	Brazil seeks extradition of man arrested for gun trafficking in Florida https://t.co/lBE1wrxZPP	 BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazil’s government is seeking the extradition of a Brazilian man who was arrested by U.S. authorities in Florida, allegedly for shipping automatic weapons to the South American country. The arrest of Frederik Barbieri came one week after Brazil resorted to the military to try to control violence and crime in Rio de Janeiro, where heavily-armed drug gangs control the city’s slums. The United States is the largest source of guns entering Brazil that end up in the hands of armed criminals and drug traffickers, according to a Brazilian police report seen by Reuters last month. Barbieri was arrested on Friday evening at his home in Fort Pierce, Florida, Nestor Yglesias, spokesman for Immigration and Customs Enforcement’s Miami Field Office, said on Saturday. “He was arrested by special agents from Homeland Security Investigation, which is a component in ICE,” Yglesias said, adding Barbieri will make an initial appearance before a federal magistrate on Monday. A Brazilian law enforcement officer had earlier said Barbieri was arrested in Miami. Brazil has sought his arrest since 60 automatic rifles, including AK-47s and other combat rifles, were found at Rio de Janeiro airport in June hidden in a shipment of pool heaters. Barbieri denied involvement in gun running at that time, but Brazilian police have suspected his involvement since a container of ammunition was found in his name in 2010 at the port of Salvador in northeastern Brazil. Fabricio Oliveira, head of the Federal Police’s disarmament unit in Rio, told reporters that Barbieri was arrested by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement who seized 40 automatic weapons at his home. Brazil’s Ministry of Justice said it has already asked for his extradition and is waiting for a Brazilian court to approve additional documents requested by U.S. authorities. Barbieri moved to Florida in 2012 and obtained U.S. citizenship, which could rule out his extradition and lead to his prosecution in the United States. “The US continues to be the largest indirect source of illegal handguns and assault rifles as a result of unrestricted sales in stores and fairs in American cities,” the Brazilian Federal Police report seen by Reuters said. The December 2017 report said a study of more than 10,000 arms seized by police in Brazil since 2014, mostly in Rio de Janeiro, found that roughly 1,500 guns originated in the United States. The guns often traveled through a third country before arriving in Brazil, with Paraguay being the top intermediary. Guns from the United States tended to be assault rifles and higher caliber handguns, while guns already circulating in Brazil or arriving from other countries were smaller handguns. Eight foreign stores were named selling the most high caliber guns that ended up in Brazil, with five located in Florida, although a store in Paraguay was the largest individual seller, the report said. 
967532030597660672	2018-02-24 22:49:46	https://t.co/f2py5vfbY7	Merkel to give outspoken critic a cabinet job: Bild am Sonntag https://t.co/f2py5vfbY7	 BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel will promote one of the most prominent critics from within her conservative party, Jens Spahn, to the cabinet, handing him the post of health minister, Bild am Sonntag newspaper reported on Sunday. Merkel, hoping to clinch a“grand coalition” with the Social Democrats (SPD) to secure her fourth term, is due to announce her choice of six cabinet ministers from her own Christian Democrats (CDU) on Sunday. Putting Spahn, who sharply criticized Merkel’s open-door migrant policy and is seen as a champion of the party’s right wing, in the cabinet is a sign that Merkel is keen to assuage her critics who have called for new blood and a fresh direction. The 37-year old has been a deputy finance minister. Citing party sources, Bild am Sonntag also reported Merkel has, as expected, decided to put long-standing ally Peter Altmaier in charge of the economy ministry, responsible for expanding broadband across the country. The paper also said Ursula von der Leyen, once tipped as a possible successor to Merkel, would remain defense minister. It also reported that senior CDU figure Julia Kloeckner will take over as agriculture minister. Reuters was not able to confirm or deny the report. After 12 years as chancellor and about 18 years as CDU chief, Merkel’s authority is starting to wane. Her conservative bloc, which includes Bavaria’s Christian Social Union (CSU), scored their worst result since 1949 in a September election after bleeding support to the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD). In a further blow, she failed to agree on a coalition deal with two smaller parties, forcing her to turn to the Social Democrats with whom she had shared power from 2013 to 2017. A reluctant partner, having seen support fall to its lowest since World War Two, the SPD agreed on a deal which party members have to vote on. The result of the postal ballot is due on March 4 and is unclear. If members vote“no” to the deal, the most likely outcome is a new election or possibly a minority government. In response to growing rumblings in her party about her future, Merkel has promised“renewal”. She took a big step to grooming a successor last week by nominating ally Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer, premier of the tiny western Saarland state, to take over as CDU general secretary. CDU members meet on Monday and are expected to approve the coalition deal and also Kramp-Karrenbauer in her post. The SPD and CSU are to announce their cabinet picks at a later date. 
967529591039512583	2018-02-24 22:40:04	https://t.co/7x3zXUjJ0K	With $116 billion cash, Buffett says Berkshire needs 'huge' deals https://t.co/7x3zXUjJ0K https://t.co/xwHRCSYvkZ	 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Warren Buffett on Saturday lamented his inability to find big companies to buy and said his goal is to make“one or more huge acquisitions” of non-insurance businesses to bolster results at his conglomerate Berkshire Hathaway Inc. In his annual letter to Berkshire shareholders, Buffett said finding things to buy at a“sensible purchase price” has become a challenge and is a major reason Berkshire is awash with $116 billion of low-yielding cash and government bonds. Buffett said a“purchasing frenzy” binge by deal-hungry chief executives employing cheap debt has made that task difficult. Berkshire typically pays all cash for acquisitions. “Our smiles will broaden when we have redeployed Berkshire’s excess funds into more productive assets,” Buffett wrote.“Berkshire’s goal is to substantially increase the earnings of its non-insurance group. For that to happen, we will need to make one or more huge acquisitions.” The letter was considerably shorter than in recent years, a little over 8,000 words compared with more than 14,000 last year, and did not discuss major Berkshire stock holdings such as Apple Inc and Wells Fargo & Co. Buffett often invests in stocks when he cannot find whole companies to buy. It was also short on faulting excesses of Wall Street and Washington, and said nothing about Berkshire’s plan to create a healthcare company with Amazon.com Inc and JPMorgan Chase & Co. At age 87,“he doesn’t want to make any enemies,” said Bill Smead, chief executive of Smead Capital Management in Seattle, a Berkshire investor. Berkshire also posted a record $44.94 billion annual profit, though $29.1 billion stemmed from the slashing of the U.S. corporate tax rate, which reduced the Omaha, Nebraska-based conglomerate’s deferred tax liabilities. Book value per share, measuring assets minus liabilities, rose 23 percent in 2017. It has been more than two years since Buffett made a major purchase, the $32.1 billion takeover of aircraft parts maker Precision Castparts Corp, and his advancing age gives him less time to find more of the“elephants” he prefers. But he has given himself and longtime Vice Chairman Charlie Munger, 94, more freedom to focus on investing and allocating capital. Neither has signaled any intention of stepping down soon, though Berkshire last month named two additional vice chairmen who could eventually succeed Buffett as chief executive. Gregory Abel, who had run Berkshire Hathaway Energy, is now overseeing Berkshire’s non-insurance businesses such as the BNSF railroad and Dairy Queen ice cream, all of which employ 330,000 people, while insurance specialist Ajit Jain oversee the Geico auto insurer and other insurance businesses, employing 47,000. “Berkshire’s blood flows through their veins,” Buffett wrote. While the Wells Fargo investment has struggled in recent months because of scandals over how it treats customers, Apple has performed better. Buffett revealed in his letter that Berkshire was sitting at year end on a $7.25 billion paper profit on what has become a 3.3 percent stake in the iPhone maker, worth $28.2 billion. Some Berkshire stock investments are made by deputies Todd Combs and Ted Weschler, who Buffett said together manage about $25 billion, up from $21 billion a year ago. Buffett also warned long-term investors including pension funds, college endowments and“savings-minded individuals” that even with U.S. stock prices near record highs, it would be a“terrible mistake” to assume bonds are safer. “Often, high-grade bonds in an investment portfolio increase its risk,” he wrote. Fourth-quarter net income quintupled to $32.55 billion, or $19,790 per Class A share, from $6.29 billion, or $3,823 per share, a year earlier. Operating profit, which Buffett considers a better gauge of performance, fell more than analysts expected in the fourth quarter, and slid 18 percent for the year to $14.46 billion. Full-year results suffered from Berkshire’s first full-year insurance underwriting loss since 2002, hurt by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria and wildfires in California. Even so, insurance float, or premiums collected before claims are paid, and which give Buffett more money to invest, rose 25 percent last year, to $114.5 billion. 
967527127598936064	2018-02-24 22:30:17	https://t.co/v6aS7BDGQf	Prestigious U.S. colleges won't reject students who protest guns https://t.co/v6aS7BDGQf https://t.co/OLHu7t1L5f	 (Corrects the 11th paragraph of Feb. 24 story to show that March For Our Lives rally is scheduled for March 24, not March 14) By Gina Cherelus (Reuters) - Dozens of U.S. colleges and universities, including at least three Ivy League schools, have said their application processes will not consider disciplinary action taken against high school students who protest last week’s massacre at a Florida school. Many school districts officials have threatened to suspend high school students who take part in nationwide gun control walkouts and other demonstrations called by survivors of the mass shooting that killed 17 people at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland. Such disciplinary action can sometimes hurt a student’s chances of getting into a preferred college. The student-led #NeverAgain movement launched after the Feb. 14 rampage has reshaped the long-running gun control debate almost overnight and could influence the U.S. midterm elections. “Yale will NOT be rescinding anyone’s admission decision for participating in peaceful walkouts for this or other causes, regardless of any high school’s disciplinary policy,” Hannah Mendlowitz, a senior assistant director of admissions and recruitment at Yale University, wrote on Friday in a blog post. “I, for one, will be cheering these students on from New Haven,” Mendlowitz said. In addition to Yale, more than 40 universities, including Brown, Dartmouth and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), have issued statements supporting prospective scholars who may heed the calls of the Parkland survivors and risk school disciplinary action by joining protests. Survivors of the Parkland shooting have demanded lawmakers restrict gun sales and are targeting politicians funded by the pro-gun National Rifle Association. As the pressure on the NRA builds, several of its corporate partners have said they are cutting marketing ties with the gun rights organisation. Two airlines, Delta and United, became the latest, saying on Twitter that they were no longer offering NRA members discounted rates and would ask the NRA to remove their information from the its website. NRA officials have lashed out at gun control advocates, arguing that Democratic elites are politicizing the Parkland rampage to erode gun rights. In addition to classroom walkouts, a student rally dubbed the March For Our Lives is scheduled for March 24 in Washington. Officials at some school districts have warned against involvement in demonstrations during school hours. “Should students choose to do so, they will be suspended from school for 3 days and face all the consequences that come along with an out-of-school suspension,” Curtis Rhodes, superintendent of the Needville Independent School District in Texas, cautioned students in a Facebook message. But Stu Schmill, dean of admissions at MIT in Cambridge, Massachusetts, said in a statement that any “meaningful, peaceful” participation in a protest that results in disciplinary action will not impact their decision on whether to admit a future applicant. Officials at Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire, took to Twitter on Friday to say that it too supports peaceful protest, and to urge students to “speak your truth.” 
967518073157771269	2018-02-24 21:54:18	https://t.co/H9ppu6wbvv	Brazil seeks extradition of man arrested in Miami for gun trafficking https://t.co/H9ppu6wbvv	 BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazil’s government is seeking the extradition of a Brazilian man who was arrested by U.S. authorities in Florida, allegedly for shipping automatic weapons to the South American country. The arrest of Frederik Barbieri came one week after Brazil resorted to the military to try to control violence and crime in Rio de Janeiro, where heavily-armed drug gangs control the city’s slums. The United States is the largest source of guns entering Brazil that end up in the hands of armed criminals and drug traffickers, according to a Brazilian police report seen by Reuters last month. Barbieri was arrested on Friday evening at his home in Fort Pierce, Florida, Nestor Yglesias, spokesman for Immigration and Customs Enforcement’s Miami Field Office, said on Saturday. “He was arrested by special agents from Homeland Security Investigation, which is a component in ICE,” Yglesias said, adding Barbieri will make an initial appearance before a federal magistrate on Monday. A Brazilian law enforcement officer had earlier said Barbieri was arrested in Miami. Brazil has sought his arrest since 60 automatic rifles, including AK-47s and other combat rifles, were found at Rio de Janeiro airport in June hidden in a shipment of pool heaters. Barbieri denied involvement in gun running at that time, but Brazilian police have suspected his involvement since a container of ammunition was found in his name in 2010 at the port of Salvador in northeastern Brazil. Fabricio Oliveira, head of the Federal Police’s disarmament unit in Rio, told reporters that Barbieri was arrested by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement who seized 40 automatic weapons at his home. Brazil’s Ministry of Justice said it has already asked for his extradition and is waiting for a Brazilian court to approve additional documents requested by U.S. authorities. Barbieri moved to Florida in 2012 and obtained U.S. citizenship, which could rule out his extradition and lead to his prosecution in the United States. “The US continues to be the largest indirect source of illegal handguns and assault rifles as a result of unrestricted sales in stores and fairs in American cities,” the Brazilian Federal Police report seen by Reuters said. The December 2017 report said a study of more than 10,000 arms seized by police in Brazil since 2014, mostly in Rio de Janeiro, found that roughly 1,500 guns originated in the United States. The guns often traveled through a third country before arriving in Brazil, with Paraguay being the top intermediary. Guns from the United States tended to be assault rifles and higher caliber handguns, while guns already circulating in Brazil or arriving from other countries were smaller handguns. Eight foreign stores were named selling the most high caliber guns that ended up in Brazil, with five located in Florida, although a store in Paraguay was the largest individual seller, the report said. 
967516513359028226	2018-02-24 21:48:07	https://t.co/OvaogkUlxr	Prestigious U.S. colleges won't reject students who protest guns https://t.co/OvaogkUlxr https://t.co/Aht4Xo8dau	 (Corrects 11th paragraph of Feb 24 story to show that March For Our Lives rally is scheduled for March 24, not March 14) By Gina Cherelus (Reuters) - Dozens of U.S. colleges and universities, including at least three Ivy League schools, have said their application processes will not consider disciplinary action taken against high school students who protest last week’s massacre at a Florida school. Many school districts officials have threatened to suspend high school students who take part in nationwide gun control walkouts and other demonstrations called by survivors of the mass shooting that killed 17 people at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland. Such disciplinary action can sometimes hurt a student’s chances of getting into a preferred college. The student-led #NeverAgain movement launched after the Feb. 14 rampage has reshaped the long-running gun control debate almost overnight and could influence the U.S. midterm elections. “Yale will NOT be rescinding anyone’s admission decision for participating in peaceful walkouts for this or other causes, regardless of any high school’s disciplinary policy,” Hannah Mendlowitz, a senior assistant director of admissions and recruitment at Yale University, wrote on Friday in a blog post. “I, for one, will be cheering these students on from New Haven,” Mendlowitz said. In addition to Yale, more than 40 universities, including Brown, Dartmouth and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), have issued statements supporting prospective scholars who may heed the calls of the Parkland survivors and risk school disciplinary action by joining protests. Survivors of the Parkland shooting have demanded lawmakers restrict gun sales and are targeting politicians funded by the pro-gun National Rifle Association. As the pressure on the NRA builds, several of its corporate partners have said they are cutting marketing ties with the gun rights organization. Two airlines, Delta and United, became the latest, saying on Twitter that they were no longer offering NRA members discounted rates and would ask the NRA to remove their information from the its website. NRA officials have lashed out at gun control advocates, arguing that Democratic elites are politicizing the Parkland rampage to erode gun rights. In addition to classroom walkouts, a student rally dubbed the March For Our Lives is scheduled for March 24 in Washington. Officials at some school districts have warned against involvement in demonstrations during school hours. “Should students choose to do so, they will be suspended from school for 3 days and face all the consequences that come along with an out-of-school suspension,” Curtis Rhodes, superintendent of the Needville Independent School District in Texas, cautioned students in a Facebook message. But Stu Schmill, dean of admissions at MIT in Cambridge, Massachusetts, said in a statement that any“meaningful, peaceful” participation in a protest that results in disciplinary action will not impact their decision on whether to admit a future applicant. Officials at Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire, took to Twitter on Friday to say that it too supports peaceful protest, and to urge students to“speak your truth.” 
967514439053389825	2018-02-24 21:39:52	https://t.co/6CL0FTSJVJ	U.N. Security Council demands truce as air strikes batter Syria's Ghouta https://t.co/6CL0FTSJVJ	 BEIRUT/UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The U.N. Security Council on Saturday demanded a 30-day truce across Syria as rescuers in the country’s eastern Ghouta region said bombing had not let up long enough for them to count bodies during one of the bloodiest air assaults of the seven-year war. Shortly after the unanimous vote by the 15-member council, warplanes struck a town in eastern Ghouta, the last rebel enclave near Syria’s capital, an emergency service and a war monitoring group said. Warplanes have pounded the region for seven straight days while residents holed up in basements. U.N. chief Antonio Guterres appealed on Wednesday for an immediate end to“war activities” in eastern Ghouta, where nearly 400,000 people have lived under government siege since 2013, without enough food or medicine. While Syrian ally Russia supported the adoption of the U.N. resolution, Russian U.N. Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia cast doubt on its feasibility. Previous ceasefire deals on the ground have had a poor record of ending fighting in Syria, where President Bashar al-Assad’s military has gained the upper hand. “What is necessary is for the demands of the Security Council to be underpinned by concrete on the ground agreements,” Nebenzia told the council after the vote. He later told reporters it was unrealistic to expect an immediate ceasefire and that the parties had to be encouraged to work for it. After several days of delay and last-minute negotiations to win the support of Russia, the council adopted the resolution - drafted by Sweden and Kuwait - demanding hostilities cease for 30-days“without delay” to allow aid access and medical evacuations. “We accept that it might take a number of hours before it can all be fully implemented ... we just have to keep the pressure up, implementation is key now,” Swedish Foreign Minister Margot Wallstrom told Reuters. Russia did not want to specify when a truce would start, so a proposal for the truce to begin 72 hours after adoption was watered-down to demand it start“without delay.” Further talks on Saturday added a demand for all parties to“engage immediately to ensure full and comprehensive implementation.” “As they dragged out the negotiation, the bombs from Assad’s fighter jets continued to fall. In the three days it took us to adopt this resolution, how many mothers lost their kids to the bombing and shelling?” U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley told the council. “We are deeply skeptical that the (Syrian) regime will comply,” Haley said. A surge of rocket fire, shelling and air strikes has killed more than 500 people since Sunday night, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said. The dead included more than 120 children. The monitor said raids hit Douma, Zamalka and other towns there on Saturday, killing 40 people. After the U.N. vote the two dominant rebel factions in Ghouta - Failaq al-Rahman and Jaish al-Islam - both committed to implement the truce and facilitate aid access, but also reiterated their right to respond to any attacks on them. Medical charities have decried attacks on a dozen hospitals. The Syrian government and Russia say they only target militants. Moscow and Damascus have said they seek to stop mortar attacks injuring dozens in the capital, and have accused insurgents in Ghouta of holding people as human shields. There was no immediate comment from the Syrian military. “We’re combating terrorism on our territories,” Syrian U.N. Ambassador Bashar Ja’afari told the Security Council.“Our government will reserve the right to respond as it deems appropriate in case those terrorist arms groups are targeting civilians in any part of Syria with even one single missile.” Ja’afari said his government interpreted the resolution as also applying to“Turkish forces in Afrin, and the operations of the anti-ISIL (Islamic State) coalition in Syria ... Israeli forces in Syria, especially the occupied Syrian Golan.” The truce demanded by the Security Council does not cover militants from Islamic State, al-Qaeda, and the Nusra Front. First responders searched for survivors after strikes on Kafr Batna, Douma and Harasta, the Civil Defence in eastern Ghouta said on Saturday. The rescue service, which operates in rebel territory, said it had documented at least 350 deaths in four days earlier this week. “Maybe there are many more,” said Siraj Mahmoud, a civil defence spokesman in the suburbs.“We weren’t able to count the martyrs yesterday because the warplanes are touring the skies.” As the bombs rain down, workers have struggled to pull people from the rubble, Mahmoud said.“But if we have to go out running on our legs and dig with our hands to rescue the people, we will still be here.” A witness in Douma said he woke up in the early hours on Saturday to the sound of a squadron of jets bombing nearby. The streets have mostly remained empty. The local opposition council said it was setting up emergency volunteer teams in several districts to reinforce shelters with sandbags and try to link them through tunnels. Several previous ceasefire attempts have quickly unraveled during the multi-sided conflict, which has killed hundreds of thousands and forced 11 million people out of their homes. Syrian state media said Ghouta factions fired mortars at districts of Damascus on Saturday, including near a school. Insurgent shelling wounded six people, it said, and the army heavily pounded militant targets in response. The Ghouta pocket has become the war’s latest flashpoint, after a string of rebel defeats and negotiated withdrawals. With Russian jets and Iran-backed militias, Assad’s military has restored state rule over the main cities across western Syria. Insurgents in eastern Ghouta have vowed not to accept such a fate, ruling out the kind of evacuation that ended rebellion in Aleppo and Homs after bitter sieges. Russia has blamed Nusra fighters, from al-Qaeda’s former Syria branch, for provoking the situation in Ghouta. The two main Islamist factions there in turn accuse their enemies of using the presence of a few hundred jihadist fighters as a pretext for attacks. 
967499395540320257	2018-02-24 20:40:05	https://t.co/5ETPhzOwXL	China says new U.S. sanctions threaten cooperation over North Korea https://t.co/5ETPhzOwXL https://t.co/4U8iyWaRY9	 BEIJING (Reuters) - China reacted with anger on Saturday to new U.S. sanctions aimed at increasing pressure on nuclear-equipped North Korea, saying the unilateral targeting of Chinese firms and people risked harming cooperation on the problem. The United States said on Friday it was imposing its largest package of sanctions aimed at getting North Korea to give up its nuclear and missile programs, and President Donald Trump warned of a“phase two” that could be“very, very unfortunate for the world” if the steps did not work. In addressing the Trump administration’s biggest national security challenge, the U.S. Treasury sanctioned one person, 27 companies and 28 ships, according to a statement on the U.S. Treasury Department’s website. The sanctions’ targets include a Taiwan passport holder, as well as shipping and energy firms in mainland China, Hong Kong, Taiwan and Singapore. The actions block assets held by the firms and individuals in the United States and prohibit U.S. citizens from dealing with them. In a terse statement, China’s Foreign Ministry said the government had always fully and thoroughly enforced United Nations resolutions on North Korea, and absolutely did not allow any of its citizens or companies to contravene them. China will“seriously handle” in accordance with the law those found to have done so, it added. “China resolutely opposes the U.S. side enacting unilateral sanctions and‘long-armed jurisdiction’ in accordance with its domestic law against Chinese entities or individuals,” the ministry said. “We have already lodged stern representations with the U.S. side about this issue, and demand the U.S. side immediately stops such relevant mistaken actions to avoid harming bilateral cooperation in the relevant area,” it added, without elaborating. China has repeatedly expressed opposition to any sanctions against North Korea not done within the framework of the United Nations, and insisted it is fully enforcing the existing - and already very tough - sanctions. China’s January trade with North Korea fell to the lowest level since at least June 2014, the latest sign that China has kept up pressure on its isolated neighbor in line with United Nations trade sanctions. China remains North Korea’s largest trading partner and sole major ally, though overall trade has fallen in recent months as the sanctions take effect. The latest U.S. sanctions name two Chinese shipping firms - Shandong province-based Weihai World-Shipping Freight and Shanghai-based Shanghai Dongfeng Shipping Co Ltd. Reuters was unable to locate contact details for the Chinese companies. The United States also named Taiwan citizen Tsang Yung Yuan and designated two of his companies in the sanctions list. Taiwan’s Foreign Ministry said it was in touch with the United States and would investigate its citizens and entities suspected of helping North Korea. It also called on Taiwan firms and citizens not to break U.N. sanctions. Reuters was unable to reach Tsang or his companies, Pro-Gain Group Corporation and Kingly Won International Company Ltd, for comment. Tsang declined to talk to a reporter from Taiwan’s Apple Daily on Saturday morning, according to video footage from the newspaper. The self-ruled island’s Justice Ministry said authorities have launched a probe into Tsang and his two companies, Taiwan’s Central News Agency reported. 
967496931139301376	2018-02-24 20:30:18	https://t.co/3lM7ZQRqIb	Delta, United Airlines become latest companies to cut NRA ties https://t.co/3lM7ZQRqIb https://t.co/ai0OOpbi6N	 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines and United Airlines on Saturday became the latest major corporations to sever marketing ties with the National Rifle Association as the fallout from last week’s massacre at a Florida high school took its toll on the gun advocacy group. The exodus of corporate names, ranging from a major insurer to car rental brands and a household moving company, began after the NRA launched a counter-offensive against a student-led campaign for tighter U.S. gun laws. The NRA responded by saying its members were being punished, but would not be intimidated, by what it called“a shameful display of political and civic cowardice” from some corporations. In tweets on Saturday, Delta (DAL.N) and United [UALCO.UL]said they were no longer offering NRA members discounted rates and they would ask the NRA to remove their information from its website. The issue of gun control, and the NRA’s role in opposing it, became the focus of renewed national debate after a former student killed 17 people on Feb. 14 at the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in the Fort Lauderdale suburb of Parkland, using an AR-15 assault rifle he had purchased legally. NRA spokespeople have lashed out at gun control advocates, arguing that Democratic elites are politicizing the deadly rampage in Florida to erode gun owners’ rights. In a statement on Saturday, the NRA said its more than five million law-abiding members had nothing to do with the failures of school security, the mental health system, or both local and federal law enforcement that it said had caused the tragedy. “Despite that, some corporations have decided to punish NRA membership in a shameful display of political and civic cowardice,” the statement said.“In time, these brands will be replaced by others who recognize that patriotism and determined commitment to Constitutional freedoms are characteristics of a marketplace they very much want to serve.” The attrition of NRA corporate partners began on Thursday when three rental car brands owned by Enterprise Holdings Inc said they were ending discount programs, and First National Bank of Omaha said it would not renew the NRA’s contract to issue a co-branded Visa card. By Friday, the list of defectors grew to include Symantec Corp (SYMC.O), which ended a discount program for its LifeLock identity theft product. Home security company SimpliSafe and Hertz Corp also terminated discount programs. Chubb Ltd (CB.N) said it would stop underwriting a NRA-branded insurance policy for gun owners that covers legal costs in self-defense shootings. Another insurer, MetLife Inc (MET.N), also said it had ended an auto and home incentive program for NRA members. And North American Van Lines said it was scrapping its affiliate relationship with the NRA. The U.S. Constitution’s Second Amendment protects the right of Americans to bear arms. The NRA, which has long used campaign donations and effective lobbying to command political influence, argues that stricter gun control would erode individual rights. 
967495270132080640	2018-02-24 20:23:42	https://t.co/BeRDhQtzGK	At least 14 dead in attack on Yemen counter-terrorism base https://t.co/BeRDhQtzGK	 ADEN (Reuters) - At least 14 people were killed and 40 wounded when Islamist car suicide bombers and gunmen tried to storm the headquarters of a counter-terrorism unit in the southern port city of Aden on Saturday, security and medical sources said. Islamic State, in a statement carried by its Amaq news agency, claimed responsibility for what it described as two“martyrdom operations” targeting the camp in Tawahi district in south-western Aden. The agency provided no immediate evidence for the claim. Security sources said two suicide bombers detonated two cars laden with explosives at the camp’s entrance while six gunmen tried to storm the facility. They were all killed by guards and their bodies taken to a military hospital, a medical source told Reuters. Aden police said in a statement on its Facebook page that security forces had foiled a major attack on the camp. “All the ... terrorists were liquidated immediately before they could reach the outer gate of the anti-terrorism headquarters,” a police statement said. Security sources and medics said three security men, a woman and two children died in the attack, while 40 other people, many of them civilians, were wounded. The attack was the first of its kind in southern Yemen since gun battles erupted in January between southern separatists and President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi’s government over control of the city. Aden is the temporary capital of Yemen’s internationally recognized Hadi government, which is now operating out of Saudi Arabia. Backed by a Saudi-led Arab coalition, Hadi’s government has been battling the Iran-aligned Houthi movement since 2015 in a war that has driven the country to the verge of famine. Residents described two large explosions in the area that sent up a cloud of gray smoke while ambulances raced to evacuate the wounded. In a statement carried by the state-run Saba news agency, Hadi described the attack as a“cowardly act aimed to destabilize security in the temporary capital ... but it will not dissuade people from their will to achieve security, safety and decent living.” Al Qaeda and Islamic State have exploited the war in Yemen to carry out assassinations and bombings, mostly in lawless southern Yemeni areas nominally controlled by the government. 
967487115130015745	2018-02-24 19:51:17	https://t.co/LNo3FoGMwj	Trump Panama hotel owner files suit against four staff https://t.co/LNo3FoGMwj	 PANAMA CITY (Reuters) - The owner of the Trump hotel in Panama City has filed a suit against four members of staff for“usurpation,” accusing them of refusing him entry to the building, his lawyer said late on Friday. Orestes Fintiklis, managing partner of Ithaca Capital Partners, which now owns the hotel and the majority of the condo units at the Trump International Hotel & Tower, filed the suit on the grounds he had been denied access when attempting to enter the building on Feb. 22 to dismiss the four staff, said his lawyer Sarai Blaisdell. “We filed a complaint for usurpation by (the) employees,” Blaisdell said outside the court where the suit was filed. It was not clear why the four staff members had denied Fintiklis access, but Blaisdell told reporters they had said they were acting upon orders from“superiors.” The four staff belonged to the previous administration of the hotel, Blaisdell said. The hotel was sold last year, and in November it was reported that Ithaca wanted to take the Trump name from the building, but that has yet to happen. 
967486012560760832	2018-02-24 19:46:55	https://t.co/GBNij9O0Bs	U.N. Security Council calls for truce as air strikes batter Syria's Ghouta https://t.co/GBNij9O0Bs	 BEIRUT/UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The U.N. Security Council on Saturday demanded a 30-day truce across Syria as rescuers in the country’s eastern Ghouta region said bombing had not let up long enough for them to count bodies during one of the bloodiest air assaults of the seven-year war. Shortly after the unanimous vote by the 15-member council, warplanes struck a town in eastern Ghouta, the last rebel enclave near Syria’s capital, an emergency service and a war monitoring group said. Warplanes have pounded the region for seven straight days while residents holed up in basements. U.N. chief Antonio Guterres appealed on Wednesday for an immediate end to“war activities” in eastern Ghouta, where nearly 400,000 people have lived under government siege since 2013, without enough food or medicine. While Syrian ally Russia supported the adoption of the U.N. resolution, Russian U.N. Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia cast doubt on its feasibility. Previous ceasefire deals on the ground have had a poor record of ending fighting in Syria, where President Bashar al-Assad’s military has gained the upper hand. “What is necessary is for the demands of the Security Council to be underpinned by concrete on the ground agreements,” Nebenzia told the council after the vote. He later told reporters it was unrealistic to expect an immediate ceasefire and that the parties had to be encouraged to work for it. After several days of delay and last-minute negotiations to win the support of Russia, the council adopted the resolution - drafted by Sweden and Kuwait - demanding hostilities cease for 30-days“without delay” to allow aid access and medical evacuations. “We accept that it might take a number of hours before it can all be fully implemented ... we just have to keep the pressure up, implementation is key now,” Swedish Foreign Minister Margot Wallstrom told Reuters. Russia did not want to specify when a truce would start, so a proposal for the truce to begin 72 hours after adoption was watered-down to demand it start“without delay.” Further talks on Saturday added a demand for all parties to“engage immediately to ensure full and comprehensive implementation.” “As they dragged out the negotiation, the bombs from Assad’s fighter jets continued to fall. In the three days it took us to adopt this resolution, how many mothers lost their kids to the bombing and shelling?” U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley told the council. “We are deeply skeptical that the (Syrian) regime will comply,” Haley said. A surge of rocket fire, shelling and air strikes has killed more than 500 people since Sunday night, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said. The dead included more than 120 children. The monitor said raids hit Douma, Zamalka and other towns there on Saturday, killing 40 people. After the U.N. vote the two dominant rebel factions in Ghouta - Failaq al-Rahman and Jaish al-Islam - both committed to implement the truce and facilitate aid access, but also reiterated their right to respond to any attacks on them. Medical charities have decried attacks on a dozen hospitals. The Syrian government and Russia say they only target militants. Moscow and Damascus have said they seek to stop mortar attacks injuring dozens in the capital, and have accused insurgents in Ghouta of holding people as human shields. There was no immediate comment from the Syrian military. “We’re combating terrorism on our territories,” Syrian U.N. Ambassador Bashar Ja’afari told the Security Council.“Our government will reserve the right to respond as it deems appropriate in case those terrorist arms groups are targeting civilians in any part of Syria with even one single missile.” Ja’afari said his government interpreted the resolution as also applying to“Turkish forces in Afrin, and the operations of the anti-ISIL (Islamic State) coalition in Syria ... Israeli forces in Syria, especially the occupied Syrian Golan.” The truce demanded by the Security Council does not cover militants from Islamic State, al-Qaeda, and the Nusra Front. First responders searched for survivors after strikes on Kafr Batna, Douma and Harasta, the Civil Defence in eastern Ghouta said on Saturday. The rescue service, which operates in rebel territory, said it had documented at least 350 deaths in four days earlier this week. “Maybe there are many more,” said Siraj Mahmoud, a civil defence spokesman in the suburbs.“We weren’t able to count the martyrs yesterday because the warplanes are touring the skies.” As the bombs rain down, workers have struggled to pull people from the rubble, Mahmoud said.“But if we have to go out running on our legs and dig with our hands to rescue the people, we will still be here.” A witness in Douma said he woke up in the early hours on Saturday to the sound of a squadron of jets bombing nearby. The streets have mostly remained empty. The local opposition council said it was setting up emergency volunteer teams in several districts to reinforce shelters with sandbags and try to link them through tunnels. Several previous ceasefire attempts have quickly unraveled during the multi-sided conflict, which has killed hundreds of thousands and forced 11 million people out of their homes. Syrian state media said Ghouta factions fired mortars at districts of Damascus on Saturday, including near a school. Insurgent shelling wounded six people, it said, and the army heavily pounded militant targets in response. The Ghouta pocket has become the war’s latest flashpoint, after a string of rebel defeats and negotiated withdrawals. With Russian jets and Iran-backed militias, Assad’s military has restored state rule over the main cities across western Syria. Insurgents in eastern Ghouta have vowed not to accept such a fate, ruling out the kind of evacuation that ended rebellion in Aleppo and Homs after bitter sieges. Russia has blamed Nusra fighters, from al-Qaeda’s former Syria branch, for provoking the situation in Ghouta. The two main Islamist factions there in turn accuse their enemies of using the presence of a few hundred jihadist fighters as a pretext for attacks. 
967486012548141063	2018-02-24 19:46:55	https://t.co/RKRlwBRAss	League leader pledges to put Italians first as election campaign intensifies https://t.co/RKRlwBRAss	 MILAN (Reuters) - Matteo Salvini, leader of Italy’s right-wing League party, drew thousands of supporters to a rally in Milan on Saturday as campaigning intensified ahead of a March 4 election expected to give most seats to a coalition of which his party is a member. Salvini, 44, who has pulled the League away from its original aim to secure independence for the wealthy north towards euro-scepticism and opposing immigration, told crowds in Duomo square he would put Italians first. Several other demonstrations took place in Milan and other cities on Saturday, some inspired by recent episodes of violence, including a shooting spree by a Nazi sympathiser which injured six Africans in the town of Macerata. In Milan, police clashed with left-wing protesters who were trying to reach a rally of neo-Fascist group CasaPound, but a large march against racism in Rome proceeded peacefully. Far-right group Forza Nuova (New Force), one of whose members was tied up and beaten by far-left activists last week, was due to meet in Palermo, Sicily on Saturday evening. At the League rally, Salvini climbed over two barriers and forced his way though cameras to shake hands with people who chanted and waved flags before taking to the stage. “Those who choose the League choose a clear view, Italians first,” he said, invoking economic problems which have hardened many Italians’ attitudes against immigrants. “With five million Italians in poverty, with three million Italians unemployed, I open the doors to my home, but not until these Italians have a house and a job.” Big rallies have so far been notably absent from campaigning to form Italy’s 65th government in little more than 70 years, with a new electoral law leaving the outcome highly uncertain. In the final polls published a week ago, the coalition in which Salvini looks to be playing second fiddle to former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi’s Forza Italia was in the lead. POST-ELECTION DEALS Alongside the smaller, nationalist Brothers of Italy, the group is set to get the most seats in parliament, but looks unlikely to secure a working majority without striking further post-election deals with other parties. Most opinion polls put Forza Italia ahead of the League, but Salvini said he was sure his party would prevail and, holding a copy of the Bible, said:“I swear to be faithful to my people.” Whichever party gets the most votes will pick the premier. “Salvini is the ideal man for Italy ... the priority is to control the borders and then give a helping hand to the economy,” said Claudio Gaiola, 52, an electronics goods maker from Turin who sported a baseball cap saying“Salvini premier”. Mixed messages from the coalition have made the League’s deal with Berlusconi, who cannot run for parliament himself due to a 2013 tax fraud conviction, seem uneasy at times. “Pure League supporters aren’t happy with the alliance with Berlusconi, but we understand it’s the only way to get into government,” said Marco Sensoli, a 38 year old state employee from Rimini in northeast Italy. The party born as the Northern League has reinvented itself as a national force and the presence at the rally of people from outside its traditional bastions suggested some in the poorer south have accepted this transformation. “I don’t see the League as wanting to split Italy, but as wanting to resuscitate Italy,” said Immacolata Gianuzzi, a 39 year old waitress from Puglia in the heel of Italy’s boot, who now lives in Milan. 
967484771168382983	2018-02-24 19:41:59	https://t.co/pSouF96wIM	Rome's Colosseum turned red to protest Pakistan blasphemy law https://t.co/pSouF96wIM	 ROME (Reuters) - Rome’s ancient Colosseum was lit in red on Saturday in solidarity with persecuted Christians, particularly Asia Bibi, a woman condemned to death under Pakistan’s blasphemy laws. Hundreds gathered on a rainy night outside the Roman amphitheatre that is a symbol of the martyrdom of early Christians to hear the husband and daughter of Asia Bibi. The Catholic woman has been living on death row in Pakistan since 2010, when she was condemned for allegedly making derogatory remarks about Islam after neighbors objected to her drinking water from their glass because she was not Muslim. Human rights groups such as Amnesty International say the blasphemy law is increasingly exploited by religious extremists as well as ordinary Pakistanis to settle personal scores. “The aim of the blasphemy laws is crush people who believe differently,” Archbishop Nunzio Galantino, secretary-general of the Italian bishops conference, told the gathering. The law does not define blasphemy and evidence might not be reproduced in court for fear of committing a fresh offense. There are no penalties for false accusations. Asia Bibi’s case drew international attention after the murder of two politicians who tried to intervene on her behalf. At the Rome gathering, her husband Ashiq Masih said his wife was innocent of blasphemy.“This is just hate against Christians, who are considered impure,” he said. The husband and daughter, who broke down in tears as she addressed the group, were earlier received by Pope Francis, who told her:“I think often of your mother and I pray for her”. European Parliament President Antonio Tajani, who has been tipped as a possible Italian prime minister after next week’s election, said that persecution of Christians was“a genocide”. “A message must be sent from this place. It is the duty of Europe to defend these values (of religious liberty) wherever on earth they are trampled on,” Tajani said. Rebecca Bitrus, a Nigerian Christian woman who was held for two years after she was abducted by Boko Haram Islamist militants, told of how she was repeatedly beaten and raped. During the event, organised by the Catholic group“Aid to the Church in Need,” there were live link-ups with Aleppo, Syria and Mosul, Iraq, both of whose minority Christian populations have been hit hard by wars. 
967466725288697859	2018-02-24 18:30:16	https://t.co/wZykoEQaoy	With $116 billion cash, Buffett says Berkshire needs 'huge' deals https://t.co/wZykoEQaoy https://t.co/PE17pYpWUk	 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Warren Buffett on Saturday lamented his inability to find big companies to buy and said his goal is to make“one or more huge acquisitions” of non-insurance businesses to bolster results at his conglomerate Berkshire Hathaway Inc. In his annual letter to Berkshire shareholders, Buffett said finding things to buy at a“sensible purchase price” has become a challenge and is a major reason Berkshire is awash with $116 billion of low-yielding cash and government bonds. Buffett said a“purchasing frenzy” binge by deal-hungry chief executives employing cheap debt has made that task difficult. Berkshire typically pays all cash for acquisitions. “Our smiles will broaden when we have redeployed Berkshire’s excess funds into more productive assets,” Buffett wrote.“Berkshire’s goal is to substantially increase the earnings of its non-insurance group. For that to happen, we will need to make one or more huge acquisitions.” The letter was considerably shorter than in recent years, a little over 8,000 words compared with more than 14,000 last year, and did not discuss major Berkshire stock holdings such as Apple Inc and Wells Fargo & Co. Buffett often invests in stocks when he cannot find whole companies to buy. It was also short on faulting excesses of Wall Street and Washington, and said nothing about Berkshire’s plan to create a healthcare company with Amazon.com Inc and JPMorgan Chase & Co. At age 87,“he doesn’t want to make any enemies,” said Bill Smead, chief executive of Smead Capital Management in Seattle, a Berkshire investor. Berkshire also posted a record $44.94 billion annual profit, though $29.1 billion stemmed from the slashing of the U.S. corporate tax rate, which reduced the Omaha, Nebraska-based conglomerate’s deferred tax liabilities. Book value per share, measuring assets minus liabilities, rose 23 percent in 2017. It has been more than two years since Buffett made a major purchase, the $32.1 billion takeover of aircraft parts maker Precision Castparts Corp, and his advancing age gives him less time to find more of the“elephants” he prefers. But he has given himself and longtime Vice Chairman Charlie Munger, 94, more freedom to focus on investing and allocating capital. Neither has signaled any intention of stepping down soon, though Berkshire last month named two additional vice chairmen who could eventually succeed Buffett as chief executive. Gregory Abel, who had run Berkshire Hathaway Energy, is now overseeing Berkshire’s non-insurance businesses such as the BNSF railroad and Dairy Queen ice cream, all of which employ 330,000 people, while insurance specialist Ajit Jain oversee the Geico auto insurer and other insurance businesses, employing 47,000. “Berkshire’s blood flows through their veins,” Buffett wrote. While the Wells Fargo investment has struggled in recent months because of scandals over how it treats customers, Apple has performed better. Buffett revealed in his letter that Berkshire was sitting at year end on a $7.25 billion paper profit on what has become a 3.3 percent stake in the iPhone maker, worth $28.2 billion. Some Berkshire stock investments are made by deputies Todd Combs and Ted Weschler, who Buffett said together manage about $25 billion, up from $21 billion a year ago. Buffett also warned long-term investors including pension funds, college endowments and“savings-minded individuals” that even with U.S. stock prices near record highs, it would be a“terrible mistake” to assume bonds are safer. “Often, high-grade bonds in an investment portfolio increase its risk,” he wrote. Fourth-quarter net income quintupled to $32.55 billion, or $19,790 per Class A share, from $6.29 billion, or $3,823 per share, a year earlier. Operating profit, which Buffett considers a better gauge of performance, fell more than analysts expected in the fourth quarter, and slid 18 percent for the year to $14.46 billion. Full-year results suffered from Berkshire’s first full-year insurance underwriting loss since 2002, hurt by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria and wildfires in California. Even so, insurance float, or premiums collected before claims are paid, and which give Buffett more money to invest, rose 25 percent last year, to $114.5 billion. 
967460171420184576	2018-02-24 18:04:14	https://t.co/jpqh8LEagu	Uzbekistan's ex-prosecutor general detained on graft charges https://t.co/jpqh8LEagu	 TASHKENT (Reuters) - Uzbekistan’s former prosecutor general, Rashidjon Qodirov, is being investigated for alleged extortion, bribery and abuse of office, the prosecutor general’s office said on Saturday. The criminal case is the first to target such a high-level official from a previous administration since President Shavkat Mirziyoyev came to power in late 2016. Qodirov, who has been detained, was the Central Asian nation’s top prosecutor for 15 years before becoming a judge at the constitutional court in 2015. He left the latter last year. The former Soviet KGB investigator made his career under Islam Karimov, Uzbekistan’s first president, who had run the nation of 32 million from 1989 until his death in 2016. Qodirov was detained on Feb. 23, the prosecutor general’s office said in a statement, without providing further details of the charges against him. The state prosecutors’ press office said it did not know the name of the lawyer representing Qodirov, meaning it was not immediately possible to contact them for comment. Mirziyoyev, a former prime minister, has embarked on broad economic reforms such as the liberalisation of foreign exchange regulations, and moved to curb the power of security services. Last month, Mirziyoyev sacked veteran state security service boss Rustam Inoyatov, completing the removal of Karimov-era officials from top positions. 
967458762540965890	2018-02-24 17:58:38	https://t.co/aiOrBnhdLu	Dozens killed, wounded in south Yemen attacks claimed by Islamic State https://t.co/aiOrBnhdLu	 ADEN (Reuters) - At least 14 people were killed and 40 wounded when Islamist car suicide bombers and gunmen tried to storm the headquarters of a counter-terrorism unit in the southern port city of Aden on Saturday, security and medical sources said. Islamic State, in a statement carried by its Amaq news agency, claimed responsibility for what it described as two“martyrdom operations” targeting the camp in Tawahi district in south-western Aden. The agency provided no immediate evidence for the claim. Security sources said two suicide bombers detonated two cars laden with explosives at the camp’s entrance while six gunmen tried to storm the facility. They were all killed by guards and their bodies taken to a military hospital, a medical source told Reuters. Aden police said in a statement on its Facebook page that security forces had foiled a major attack on the camp. “All the ... terrorists were liquidated immediately before they could reach the outer gate of the anti-terrorism headquarters,” a police statement said. Security sources and medics said three security men, a woman and two children died in the attack, while 40 other people, many of them civilians, were wounded. The attack was the first of its kind in southern Yemen since gun battles erupted in January between southern separatists and President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi’s government over control of the city. Aden is the temporary capital of Yemen’s internationally recognized Hadi government, which is now operating out of Saudi Arabia. Backed by a Saudi-led Arab coalition, Hadi’s government has been battling the Iran-aligned Houthi movement since 2015 in a war that has driven the country to the verge of famine. Residents described two large explosions in the area that sent up a cloud of gray smoke while ambulances raced to evacuate the wounded. In a statement carried by the state-run Saba news agency, Hadi described the attack as a“cowardly act aimed to destabilize security in the temporary capital ... but it will not dissuade people from their will to achieve security, safety and decent living.” Al Qaeda and Islamic State have exploited the war in Yemen to carry out assassinations and bombings, mostly in lawless southern Yemeni areas nominally controlled by the government. 
967451628927422464	2018-02-24 17:30:17	https://t.co/WxOwMe7sju	Prestigious U.S. colleges won't reject students who protest guns https://t.co/WxOwMe7sju https://t.co/r8QTejLc8O	 (Corrects 11th paragraph of Feb 24 story to show that March For Our Lives rally is scheduled for March 24, not March 14) By Gina Cherelus (Reuters) - Dozens of U.S. colleges and universities, including at least three Ivy League schools, have said their application processes will not consider disciplinary action taken against high school students who protest last week’s massacre at a Florida school. Many school districts officials have threatened to suspend high school students who take part in nationwide gun control walkouts and other demonstrations called by survivors of the mass shooting that killed 17 people at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland. Such disciplinary action can sometimes hurt a student’s chances of getting into a preferred college. The student-led #NeverAgain movement launched after the Feb. 14 rampage has reshaped the long-running gun control debate almost overnight and could influence the U.S. midterm elections. “Yale will NOT be rescinding anyone’s admission decision for participating in peaceful walkouts for this or other causes, regardless of any high school’s disciplinary policy,” Hannah Mendlowitz, a senior assistant director of admissions and recruitment at Yale University, wrote on Friday in a blog post. “I, for one, will be cheering these students on from New Haven,” Mendlowitz said. In addition to Yale, more than 40 universities, including Brown, Dartmouth and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), have issued statements supporting prospective scholars who may heed the calls of the Parkland survivors and risk school disciplinary action by joining protests. Survivors of the Parkland shooting have demanded lawmakers restrict gun sales and are targeting politicians funded by the pro-gun National Rifle Association. As the pressure on the NRA builds, several of its corporate partners have said they are cutting marketing ties with the gun rights organization. Two airlines, Delta and United, became the latest, saying on Twitter that they were no longer offering NRA members discounted rates and would ask the NRA to remove their information from the its website. NRA officials have lashed out at gun control advocates, arguing that Democratic elites are politicizing the Parkland rampage to erode gun rights. In addition to classroom walkouts, a student rally dubbed the March For Our Lives is scheduled for March 24 in Washington. Officials at some school districts have warned against involvement in demonstrations during school hours. “Should students choose to do so, they will be suspended from school for 3 days and face all the consequences that come along with an out-of-school suspension,” Curtis Rhodes, superintendent of the Needville Independent School District in Texas, cautioned students in a Facebook message. But Stu Schmill, dean of admissions at MIT in Cambridge, Massachusetts, said in a statement that any“meaningful, peaceful” participation in a protest that results in disciplinary action will not impact their decision on whether to admit a future applicant. Officials at Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire, took to Twitter on Friday to say that it too supports peaceful protest, and to urge students to“speak your truth.” 
967442604760752129	2018-02-24 16:54:25	https://t.co/ncyDBCYfeg	Senior German conservatives urge shift to right as Merkel picks cabinet https://t.co/ncyDBCYfeg	 BERLIN (Reuters) - Several senior German conservatives called on Saturday for their party to shift to the right to win back voters, throwing down the gauntlet to Chancellor Angela Merkel before she announces her choice of cabinet ministers on Sunday. The Christian Democrats (CDU) vote at a party meeting on Monday on whether to back a coalition deal with the Social Democrats (SPD), which would hand Merkel a fourth term at the top of a grand coalition and keep them in office for another four years. SPD members also have to vote on the agreement. Although the CDU is widely expected to back the deal - and approve Merkel’s ally, Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer, as CDU general secretary - there are rumblings among conservatives that the party needs fresh blood and a new political direction. “Sometimes the conservative element of the conservative bloc could be more prominent,” CDU premier of the state of Schleswig Holstein, Daniel Guenther, told the Neue Osnabruecker newspaper. Senior Bavarian CSU conservative Alexander Dobrindt told the Passauer Neue Presse:“The conservative bloc must cover the spectrum from the center to the democratic right.” Merkel has drawn most criticism for a bailout of Greece in the euro zone debt crisis and her open-door migrant policy. Her conservatives bled support to the far-right in the Sept. 24 election, slumping to their lowest level since 1949. Her six cabinet picks from her CDU will send a signal about the direction of policy in the next four years. Long-standing ally Peter Altmaier is widely tipped to take over the economy ministry and Ursula von der Leyen to keep defense. One question is whether Jens Spahn, 37, an arch-conservative state secretary in the finance ministry, who spoke out against Merkel’s refugee policy, will get a post. The CSU and SPD will announce their cabinet posts later. In her 12 years as chancellor and nearly 18 years as party leader, Merkel has positioned the CDU in the center ground. But many are looking to a post-Merkel era and handing the powerful finance and foreign ministries to the SPD to secure a coalition deal further undermined her authority. To ward off critics, she has promised“renewal” in her team. Merkel took a step towards backing a successor by announcing Saarland state premier Kramp-Karrenbauer, 55, as her choice for CDU secretary general. Dubbed“mini-Merkel” by some media, Kramp-Karrenbauer may not be different enough for some in the party. However, her Catholic, western German background contrasts with Merkel’s Protestant, eastern roots. While socially conservative, known for opposing gay marriage, Kramp-Karrenbauer is a strong supporter of the minimum wage and workers rights. Before she can formally form a government, Merkel needs SPD members to vote‘yes’ in a postal ballot for a renewal of the 2013-2017 grand coalition. The outcome, to be announced on March 4, is unclear although there are some signs that the deal will go through. If SPD members reject the deal, the most likely scenarios are a new election or a minority government. Andrea Nahles, who is likely to be chosen as SPD leader in April, campaigned for a‘yes’ vote in Potsdam on Saturday as part of a nationwide tour. “Critics spoke out ... But I am pleased to say there was a clear majority here for‘yes’ which gives us momentum in the last few days in our push for a majority,” she said. Many members are reluctant to share power with Merkel again, fearing voters will punish them after their worst post-war result in the September election which has led to deep divisions in the party, a leadership row and a further slump in the polls. The SPD’s Jusos youth wing, led by Kevin Kuehnert, is on its own‘no grand coalition’ tour. In a bid to heal the SPD’s deep wounds, some leading figures, including Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel, called for Kuehnert to have a big role in future. 
967442594870562817	2018-02-24 16:54:23	https://t.co/CukBXqJkUe	Thai activists in Pinocchio masks call junta leader 'liar' https://t.co/CukBXqJkUe	 BANGKOK (Reuters) - Hundreds of pro-democracy activists in Thailand wore cartoon masks portraying the country’s junta leader with a long nose on Saturday, calling him a“liar” for delaying a general election promised this year. The junta has promised and postponed elections several times since it came to power following a coup in 2014, with the latest date set for November. The military-appointed legislature changed the election law last month, signaling another delay to early 2019. That sparked a series of anti-junta, pro-election protests that have gained momentum in recent weeks with gatherings taking place in several provinces across Thailand. On Saturday, around 300 activists congregated at Bangkok’s Thammasat University, wearing and distributing paper masks resembling Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha to Pinocchio. One of them, Sirawith Seritiwat, said the mask was called Yuth-nocchio - a reference to the infamous fictional character whose nose gets longer every time he lies. “Enough with the lies. Time’s up for dictatorship. It’s the people’s time now. We must vote this year,” Sirawith told the crowd. Activists also held up three fingers, which they said symbolized their demands in the slogan:“Elections must take place this year. Down with dictatorship. Long live democracy.” Around 100 police officers were deployed at the university but they did not interfere with the event. Officials have so far not commented on the latest spate of protests, but last week a spokesman for the junta said it was not concerned by the protests and would rely on the police to maintain peace and order. Prayuth said earlier this week young activists should focus on their studies and“not think they have to change the country.” Protests are planned for every Saturday in March and May in Bangkok and other provinces, with a large gathering between May 19-22 to mark the four-year anniversary of the coup. “We urge everyone in the country to come out and join us,” said Rangsiman Rome, another activist in Bangkok. “It’s time to take back our future. Prayuth and Prawit must go,” he added, referring to another junta leader Prawit Wongsuwan. Watana Muangsook, a member of the Puea Thai party which has won every election in the last decade, also came to Saturday’s gathering“to show support” to the activists. “People have the right to demand elections,” Wattana said. The junta lodged a lawsuit last week against seven activists for inciting unrest and 43 protesters for illegal gathering after a protest last month at the Democracy Monument in Bangkok that also involved hundreds of activists. 
967437960084893696	2018-02-24 16:35:58	https://t.co/ldNdiuDk6a	China says new U.S. sanctions threaten cooperation over North Korea https://t.co/ldNdiuDk6a https://t.co/AazFx8I1GF	 BEIJING (Reuters) - China reacted with anger on Saturday to new U.S. sanctions aimed at increasing pressure on nuclear-equipped North Korea, saying the unilateral targeting of Chinese firms and people risked harming cooperation on the problem. The United States said on Friday it was imposing its largest package of sanctions aimed at getting North Korea to give up its nuclear and missile programs, and President Donald Trump warned of a“phase two” that could be“very, very unfortunate for the world” if the steps did not work. In addressing the Trump administration’s biggest national security challenge, the U.S. Treasury sanctioned one person, 27 companies and 28 ships, according to a statement on the U.S. Treasury Department’s website. The sanctions’ targets include a Taiwan passport holder, as well as shipping and energy firms in mainland China, Hong Kong, Taiwan and Singapore. The actions block assets held by the firms and individuals in the United States and prohibit U.S. citizens from dealing with them. In a terse statement, China’s Foreign Ministry said the government had always fully and thoroughly enforced United Nations resolutions on North Korea, and absolutely did not allow any of its citizens or companies to contravene them. China will“seriously handle” in accordance with the law those found to have done so, it added. “China resolutely opposes the U.S. side enacting unilateral sanctions and‘long-armed jurisdiction’ in accordance with its domestic law against Chinese entities or individuals,” the ministry said. “We have already lodged stern representations with the U.S. side about this issue, and demand the U.S. side immediately stops such relevant mistaken actions to avoid harming bilateral cooperation in the relevant area,” it added, without elaborating. China has repeatedly expressed opposition to any sanctions against North Korea not done within the framework of the United Nations, and insisted it is fully enforcing the existing - and already very tough - sanctions. China’s January trade with North Korea fell to the lowest level since at least June 2014, the latest sign that China has kept up pressure on its isolated neighbor in line with United Nations trade sanctions. China remains North Korea’s largest trading partner and sole major ally, though overall trade has fallen in recent months as the sanctions take effect. The latest U.S. sanctions name two Chinese shipping firms - Shandong province-based Weihai World-Shipping Freight and Shanghai-based Shanghai Dongfeng Shipping Co Ltd. Reuters was unable to locate contact details for the Chinese companies. The United States also named Taiwan citizen Tsang Yung Yuan and designated two of his companies in the sanctions list. Taiwan’s Foreign Ministry said it was in touch with the United States and would investigate its citizens and entities suspected of helping North Korea. It also called on Taiwan firms and citizens not to break U.N. sanctions. Reuters was unable to reach Tsang or his companies, Pro-Gain Group Corporation and Kingly Won International Company Ltd, for comment. Tsang declined to talk to a reporter from Taiwan’s Apple Daily on Saturday morning, according to video footage from the newspaper. The self-ruled island’s Justice Ministry said authorities have launched a probe into Tsang and his two companies, Taiwan’s Central News Agency reported. 
967436067954679808	2018-02-24 16:28:27	https://t.co/Qvh2EkL9XE	United States rock Sweden to win first gold medal https://t.co/Qvh2EkL9XE by @SNkeats #PyeongChang2018. More from t… https://t.co/WjZMsizvHy	 GANGNEUNG, South Korea (Reuters) - The United States delivered a gold-medal knockout punch, scoring five in the eighth end to crush Sweden 10-7 and claim their first ever Olympic men’s curling title on Saturday. With the score deadlocked at 5-5, United States skip John Shuster provided some last-rock magic with a pinpoint double take-out for five that left their Swedish opponents stunned as the Gangneung Curling Centre erupted into chants of“USA, USA” led by U.S. President Donald Trump’s daughter Ivanka. The gold was just the second Olympic curling medal won by the U.S. men, following a bronze at the 2006 Turin Winter Games which Shuster was also a part of. Switzerland beat Canada 7-5 on Friday to win the bronze. “I think during the entire (eighth) end we could feel it building,” said Shuster.“Their margin for error was incredibly small. I can’t tell you how un-nervous I was.” The victory capped a remarkable comeback for the United States who sputtered through early preliminary-round play with a 2-4 record before rattling off three straight wins to make the playoffs where they beat twice defending Olympic champions Canada in the semi-finals before seeing off the top-ranked Swedes. The only real miscue involving the Americans on Saturday came when officials mistakenly presented them with the women’s gold medals but that error was quickly corrected and switched for the correct ones. “We’ve played our best when our backs were up against the wall,” American second Tyler George.“We took it to another level this week. “Usually we’re fighting and scrapping to get into the playoffs but for five days we were the best team in the world and we did it at the right time.” The result meant more Olympic disappointment for Niklas Edin who had skipped Sweden to world championship titles in 2013 and 2015 and a bronze at the Sochi Olympics but could not grab the one medal to elude him. The contest got off to a tactical start with the Swedes blanking the first then scoring a pair in the second only to have the U.S. hit right back with a two on another brilliant last-rock shot from Shuster. The U.S. stole a point in the fourth after a measurement to determine shot stone to take their first lead, 3-2. The Swedes would not be rattled, answering with two in the fifth as the seesaw battle continued with the U.S. replying with a pair in the sixth and Sweden getting one back in the seventh to leave the teams deadlocked on 5-5 with three ends to play. After the U.S. scored their five a reeling Sweden chipped two off the deficit in the ninth but there was too much damage to repair and the Swedes finally conceded. “In the eighth end we don’t exactly get the rocks where we wanted them and they put a lot of rocks in the house and we were forced to go all in,” explained Edin. “That last shot if it curls three centimeters more it’s probably good for them to draw for two or something but when that misses and they make that double we knew we were going to lose.” 
967428524318642176	2018-02-24 15:58:28	https://t.co/9BwYfvC25y	Albania's Chams want Greek apology for wartime expulsion https://t.co/9BwYfvC25y	 TIRANA (Reuters) - Albania’s Cham community, expelled from Greece after World War Two, asked Greece on Saturday to apologize for what they called a genocide against them and permit them to return to the area in northern Greece from which they were removed. Greece, which dismisses the Cham issue as non-existent, and neighbor Albania have started talks on a number of issues including their borders and a state of war law still active in Greece since Italy invaded it from Albania in World War Two. The talks are intended to reach agreements by Orthodox Easter on April 8 to ensure Albania has no obstacles in its path to the start of accession negotiations with the European Union, of which Greece is a member. Both are members of NATO. The Chams are enraged that their demands are being neglected and at the idea that Tirana and Athens could agree to drop terms like Cameria and Northern Epirus, respectively the name Albanians use for lands in Greece and Greeks for lands in Albania. Addressing a rally of a few thousand Chams at the gate of the compound where the Greek Embassy is located, Shpetim Idrizi, the leader of the Cham party, said they wanted first“an apology for thousands of Chams killed at home, not in the battlefront.” “We Albanians of Chameria do not want a revenge, we do not want a change of borders, we want an apology so we can be able to forgive and the two peoples can live peacefully and we can return to live in our homes. We are peaceful,” Idrizi said. “We want to get back to our homes, to get back the status we had before we were violently removed. We do not ask for our properties, we want our homeland, and our homeland is Cameria,” Idrizi said to applause from the peaceful crowd. Demonstrators held up placards reading“Chameria Genocide; We will never forget”. Idrizi dismissed allegations by Greece that the Chams collaborated with the Nazis, and pointed to large photos held aloft by supporters purporting to show the collaboration of Greek wartime leaders with the Nazi occupiers. After two rounds of talks between the foreign ministers of Greece and Albania, Greece’s Foreign Ministry“categorically” in late January denied statements by Albanian officials that the Cham issue had been included in the talks. “It is one thing for the Albanian side to want to raise the issue and another for the issue to be accepted for discussion,” it said.“We call on the Albanian side not to raise issues that hinder the sincere and constructive dialogue that is under way.” 
967428524297596928	2018-02-24 15:58:28	https://t.co/Zd0Q2C9Zs2	Dozens killed or wounded in south Yemen suicide attacks: witnesses https://t.co/Zd0Q2C9Zs2	 ADEN (Reuters) - At least 14 people were killed and 40 wounded when Islamist car suicide bombers and gunmen tried to storm the headquarters of a counter-terrorism unit in the southern port city of Aden on Saturday, security and medical sources said. Islamic State, in a statement carried by its Amaq news agency, claimed responsibility for what it described as two“martyrdom operations” targeting the camp in Tawahi district in south-western Aden. The agency provided no immediate evidence for the claim. Security sources said two suicide bombers detonated two cars laden with explosives at the camp’s entrance while six gunmen tried to storm the facility. They were all killed by guards and their bodies taken to a military hospital, a medical source told Reuters. Aden police said in a statement on its Facebook page that security forces had foiled a major attack on the camp. “All the ... terrorists were liquidated immediately before they could reach the outer gate of the anti-terrorism headquarters,” a police statement said. Security sources and medics said three security men, a woman and two children died in the attack, while 40 other people, many of them civilians, were wounded. The attack was the first of its kind in southern Yemen since gun battles erupted in January between southern separatists and President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi’s government over control of the city. Aden is the temporary capital of Yemen’s internationally recognized Hadi government, which is now operating out of Saudi Arabia. Backed by a Saudi-led Arab coalition, Hadi’s government has been battling the Iran-aligned Houthi movement since 2015 in a war that has driven the country to the verge of famine. Residents described two large explosions in the area that sent up a cloud of gray smoke while ambulances raced to evacuate the wounded. In a statement carried by the state-run Saba news agency, Hadi described the attack as a“cowardly act aimed to destabilize security in the temporary capital ... but it will not dissuade people from their will to achieve security, safety and decent living.” Al Qaeda and Islamic State have exploited the war in Yemen to carry out assassinations and bombings, mostly in lawless southern Yemeni areas nominally controlled by the government. 
967423768414052352	2018-02-24 15:39:34	https://t.co/2K74wBjU2l	Italy's League rallies in Milan as tense election campaign winds up https://t.co/2K74wBjU2l	 MILAN (Reuters) - Matteo Salvini, leader of Italy’s right-wing League party, drew thousands of supporters to a rally in Milan on Saturday as campaigning intensified ahead of a March 4 election expected to give most seats to a coalition of which his party is a member. Salvini, 44, who has pulled the League away from its original aim to secure independence for the wealthy north towards euro-scepticism and opposing immigration, told crowds in Duomo square he would put Italians first. Several other demonstrations took place in Milan and other cities on Saturday, some inspired by recent episodes of violence, including a shooting spree by a Nazi sympathiser which injured six Africans in the town of Macerata. In Milan, police clashed with left-wing protesters who were trying to reach a rally of neo-Fascist group CasaPound, but a large march against racism in Rome proceeded peacefully. Far-right group Forza Nuova (New Force), one of whose members was tied up and beaten by far-left activists last week, was due to meet in Palermo, Sicily on Saturday evening. At the League rally, Salvini climbed over two barriers and forced his way though cameras to shake hands with people who chanted and waved flags before taking to the stage. “Those who choose the League choose a clear view, Italians first,” he said, invoking economic problems which have hardened many Italians’ attitudes against immigrants. “With five million Italians in poverty, with three million Italians unemployed, I open the doors to my home, but not until these Italians have a house and a job.” Big rallies have so far been notably absent from campaigning to form Italy’s 65th government in little more than 70 years, with a new electoral law leaving the outcome highly uncertain. In the final polls published a week ago, the coalition in which Salvini looks to be playing second fiddle to former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi’s Forza Italia was in the lead. POST-ELECTION DEALS Alongside the smaller, nationalist Brothers of Italy, the group is set to get the most seats in parliament, but looks unlikely to secure a working majority without striking further post-election deals with other parties. Most opinion polls put Forza Italia ahead of the League, but Salvini said he was sure his party would prevail and, holding a copy of the Bible, said:“I swear to be faithful to my people.” Whichever party gets the most votes will pick the premier. “Salvini is the ideal man for Italy ... the priority is to control the borders and then give a helping hand to the economy,” said Claudio Gaiola, 52, an electronics goods maker from Turin who sported a baseball cap saying“Salvini premier”. Mixed messages from the coalition have made the League’s deal with Berlusconi, who cannot run for parliament himself due to a 2013 tax fraud conviction, seem uneasy at times. “Pure League supporters aren’t happy with the alliance with Berlusconi, but we understand it’s the only way to get into government,” said Marco Sensoli, a 38 year old state employee from Rimini in northeast Italy. The party born as the Northern League has reinvented itself as a national force and the presence at the rally of people from outside its traditional bastions suggested some in the poorer south have accepted this transformation. “I don’t see the League as wanting to split Italy, but as wanting to resuscitate Italy,” said Immacolata Gianuzzi, a 39 year old waitress from Puglia in the heel of Italy’s boot, who now lives in Milan. 
967420032543350784	2018-02-24 15:24:44	https://t.co/OuE2SGYmul	Belgian judge charges Paris attack suspect's brother with armed robbery https://t.co/OuE2SGYmul	 BRUSSELS (Reuters) - A Belgian judge on Saturday charged the brother of Salah Abdeslam, the prime surviving suspect in the November 2015 attacks in Paris that killed 130 people, with armed robbery. A spokeswoman for Belgian prosecutors Ine Van Wymersch confirmed the charge against Mohamed Abdeslam who was one of two people charged, while two others were released following their arrests on Thursday. Belgian media quoted Mohamed Abdeslam’s lawyer as saying he denied the charge. Belgian newspaper La Derniere Heure said Mohamed Abdeslam, who was wielding a knife, had robbed 70,000 euros from Molenbeek municipal employees who had been on their way to deposit the money in a bank. The incident took place in January. His brother Salah Abdeslam was arrested in Molenbeek close to his family home in March 2016 after the November 2015 attacks in Paris which were claimed by Islamic State. Lawyers for Salah Abdeslam, a French citizen born to and raised by Moroccan immigrant parents in Brussels, accept he was in Paris when gunmen and suicide bombers killed 130 at a rock concert, near the national stadium and outside cafes. However, he has refused to speak about the attacks to investigators. 
967416767969746944	2018-02-24 15:11:45	https://t.co/Ev5nqadR87	German conservatives call for shift to right as Merkel decides cabinet posts https://t.co/Ev5nqadR87	 BERLIN (Reuters) - Several senior German conservatives called on Saturday for their party to shift to the right to win back voters, throwing down the gauntlet to Chancellor Angela Merkel before she announces her choice of cabinet ministers on Sunday. The Christian Democrats (CDU) vote at a party meeting on Monday on whether to back a coalition deal with the Social Democrats (SPD), which would hand Merkel a fourth term at the top of a grand coalition and keep them in office for another four years. SPD members also have to vote on the agreement. Although the CDU is widely expected to back the deal - and approve Merkel’s ally, Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer, as CDU general secretary - there are rumblings among conservatives that the party needs fresh blood and a new political direction. “Sometimes the conservative element of the conservative bloc could be more prominent,” CDU premier of the state of Schleswig Holstein, Daniel Guenther, told the Neue Osnabruecker newspaper. Senior Bavarian CSU conservative Alexander Dobrindt told the Passauer Neue Presse:“The conservative bloc must cover the spectrum from the center to the democratic right.” Merkel has drawn most criticism for a bailout of Greece in the euro zone debt crisis and her open-door migrant policy. Her conservatives bled support to the far-right in the Sept. 24 election, slumping to their lowest level since 1949. Her six cabinet picks from her CDU will send a signal about the direction of policy in the next four years. Long-standing ally Peter Altmaier is widely tipped to take over the economy ministry and Ursula von der Leyen to keep defense. One question is whether Jens Spahn, 37, an arch-conservative state secretary in the finance ministry, who spoke out against Merkel’s refugee policy, will get a post. The CSU and SPD will announce their cabinet posts later. In her 12 years as chancellor and nearly 18 years as party leader, Merkel has positioned the CDU in the center ground. But many are looking to a post-Merkel era and handing the powerful finance and foreign ministries to the SPD to secure a coalition deal further undermined her authority. To ward off critics, she has promised“renewal” in her team. Merkel took a step towards backing a successor by announcing Saarland state premier Kramp-Karrenbauer, 55, as her choice for CDU secretary general. Dubbed“mini-Merkel” by some media, Kramp-Karrenbauer may not be different enough for some in the party. However, her Catholic, western German background contrasts with Merkel’s Protestant, eastern roots. While socially conservative, known for opposing gay marriage, Kramp-Karrenbauer is a strong supporter of the minimum wage and workers rights. Before she can formally form a government, Merkel needs SPD members to vote‘yes’ in a postal ballot for a renewal of the 2013-2017 grand coalition. The outcome, to be announced on March 4, is unclear although there are some signs that the deal will go through. If SPD members reject the deal, the most likely scenarios are a new election or a minority government. Andrea Nahles, who is likely to be chosen as SPD leader in April, campaigned for a‘yes’ vote in Potsdam on Saturday as part of a nationwide tour. “Critics spoke out ... But I am pleased to say there was a clear majority here for‘yes’ which gives us momentum in the last few days in our push for a majority,” she said. Many members are reluctant to share power with Merkel again, fearing voters will punish them after their worst post-war result in the September election which has led to deep divisions in the party, a leadership row and a further slump in the polls. The SPD’s Jusos youth wing, led by Kevin Kuehnert, is on its own‘no grand coalition’ tour. In a bid to heal the SPD’s deep wounds, some leading figures, including Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel, called for Kuehnert to have a big role in future. 
967413586200088576	2018-02-24 14:59:07	https://t.co/E9ty48F13G	South Koreans pray Garlic Girls can score crushing victory https://t.co/E9ty48F13G by Hyun Oh @JANEUNHYE… https://t.co/EljmCxs2u5	 sUISEONG/GANGNEUNG, South Korea (Reuters) - Ninety-two-year-old Kim Won-hee doesn’t know much about the sport of curling, but she and millions of other South Koreans are counting on her granddaughter, skipper of the“Garlic Girls”, to lead the nation to an historic gold medal on Sunday. The nation has embraced its women’s curling team like no other local athlete, inspired by their journey from a garlic-growing county to the pinnacle of the Winter Olympics, the first Asian team to make the sport’s gold-medal playoff. The Garlic Girls’ skipper, Kim Eun-jung, 27, and her four teammates are famous for their girl-next-door looks, but the skip has her own special brand of celebrity — thanks to a pair of Harry Potter spectacles and her death-stare concentration. That steely determination seems to run in the family. “She has to win the gold medal,” her grandmother told Reuters Television in her home in central Uiseong, which has a banner over the main road reading:“We Support National Curling Player Kim Eun-jung” “The gold medal is what we need,” she stressed again, as she gripped a curling broom with the label“Team Kim”. On her side table sits a picture of her granddaughter, also holding a curling broom, with her family in a garlic field. The team face Sweden on Sunday in a playoff that is destined to be South Korea’s biggest TV audience for curling and one of its largest for any moment of the Pyeongchang Winter Games. Four of the five team members grew up in garlic-growing Uiseong county, which decided a decade ago to build the country’s first curling rink. The skipper and one of her teammates, Kim Yeong-mi, were close high-school friends who started curling together as an after-class activity. Uiseong’s early adoption of the sport has led to the Garlic Girls blazing a trail for curling, a sport born centuries ago in Scotland and which has now caught fire in South Korea. Kim Eun-Jung’s family still farms garlic and her uncle Kim Kwang-il remembers her as a girl who worked hard at school, helped tend the fields and threw herself into curling. “I’m very proud and thankful. She’s a hard working girl in everything she does — studying, training, helping her family on the field,” the uncle said as he stood in a field where green garlic sprouts were partly covered against the winter cold. “I feel grateful but also I feel for her because of all the hard work she puts in.” At Uiseong Girls High School, alma mater for four of the Garlic Girls, more than 300 fans and a scrum of local media gathered before a big screen on Friday night to watch the team’s nail-biting victory against Japan. South Korea has produced many world-class athletes from women’s golfer Pak Se-ri to figure skater Kim Yuna, but few have come from as far left field as the Garlic Girls. Skipper Kim Eun-jung said Yuna was one of her inspirations to turn her fun pastime into an Olympic pursuit. “I still remember the moment when I watched Kim Yuna performing at the Vancouver Olympics while I was doing curling training,” she told reporters after the victory against Japan. “Back then I just thought what it would be like competing in the Olympics for me.” Her grandmother still doesn’t understand the sport well but is very proud of her famous youngster. “At first I didn’t even know what curling was but her parents were busy giving her rides there (to the rink) and back and she kept coming back with medals, but I couldn’t understand what it was. Granny didn’t know. “I still don’t understand what they are doing.” 
967410913061064705	2018-02-24 14:48:29	https://t.co/36DjncPv4W	Russia denies diplomatic mail was used for Argentina cocaine traffic https://t.co/36DjncPv4W	 MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia’s diplomatic mail was not used for cocaine traffic in Argentina, a foreign ministry spokeswoman said on Saturday, after police busted an international ring of drug smugglers. The investigation started in 2016, when the Russian ambassador to Argentina called local authorities to report that traffickers were trying to move 16 bags of cocaine from the Buenos Aires embassy by way of a diplomatic flight. Maria Zakharova, the spokeswoman for the Russian foreign ministry, said on social media that the information about smugglers using diplomatic mail“was not true”. The investigation led to the arrest on Wednesday of an Argentine policeman and another citizen of the South American country. Others involved in the scheme had been arrested in Russia, while one of the leaders of the plot was still on the run, Argentina’s Security Minister Patricia Bullrich told reporters earlier this week. Zakharova said the cocaine was destined for Europe and belonged to a Russian embassy’s non-essential employer. She didn’t say if he was arrested. 
967407432468172800	2018-02-24 14:34:40	https://t.co/65iSRcwYr4	U.N. South Sudan mission recalls police unit over sex abuse allegations https://t.co/65iSRcwYr4	 NAIROBI (Reuters) - The U.N. peacekeeping mission in South Sudan has recalled a Ghanaian police unit working at one of its protection camps while it investigates allegations that some of them were involved in sexual abuse, it said on Saturday. The United Nations Mission in South Sudan said it had asked the 46-member unit to return to the capital Juba from its Protection of Civilians site in Wau, northwest of Juba, after an investigation was launched into a complaint that members of the unit were having sexual relations with women living at the camp. UNMISS said in a statement that its head, David Shearer, and other mission leaders were briefed about the initial investigation and a decision was made to withdraw the unit from the site. “The information received indicates that some members of the FPU (Formed Police Unit) allegedly engaged in transactional sex. This is a clear breach of the U.N. and UNMISS Code of Conduct which prohibits sexual relationships with vulnerable individuals, including all beneficiaries of assistance,” it said. “UNMISS has informed U.N. headquarters in New York of the allegations, which in turn notified the Member State that the matter was being investigated by the United Nations. There is no indication that this behavior is more widespread within the Mission.” South Sudan, which won independence from Sudan in 2011, descended into civil war in 2013 months after President Salva Kiir fired his deputy Riek Machar. Tens of thousands of people have been killed and a third of the population have fled their homes. The United Nations has six civilian protection sites across the country, housing some 204,501 people. UNMISS comprises over 17,000 peacekeeping personnel including 13,000 soldiers and 1500 police officers. 
967401526279974912	2018-02-24 14:11:11	https://t.co/Q3W0GqmsZn	Russians fear doping has sunk their bid to fly flag at Games https://t.co/Q3W0GqmsZn by @gabrielletf @MarkJTrev… https://t.co/bmnSfp3ZRt	 PYEONGCHANG, South Korea (Reuters) - A despondent mood swept through Russian athletes at the Pyeongchang Winter Games on Saturday, their hopes of being able to fly the Russian flag at the closing ceremony deflated by a second positive doping test. “They were due to look at how we behaved here and decide, but as we’ve got two doping cases I don’t think they will allow us to be at the closing with the flag,” alpine skier Anastasia Silanteva told Reuters. Russians are competing as neutral athletes at the Games due to allegations they ran a systematic drug-cheating program at the 2014 Sochi Games. They have been unable to wear national uniforms or have the Russian anthem played at medal ceremonies. But the International Olympic Committee (IOC) held out the prospect of lifting its suspension of their Olympic status and allowing them to carry the Russian flag at Sunday’s closing ceremony, on condition they behaved well at Pyeongchang. Silanteva said the entire Russian team were upset at the prospect of leaving the Games without flying the flag or wearing the Russian uniform. It would have shown “we are a strong country and we will achieve everything we want”, she added. This week, it emerged that a Russian medal-winning curler and bobsledder had failed tests for performance-enhancing drugs. Curler Alexander Krushelnitsky, who won bronze in the mixed doubles event, agreed to return his medal along with his wife who is his curling partner. Bobsledder Nadezhda Sergeeva tested positive for heart drug trimetazidine. The Court of Arbitration for Sport said on Saturday that Sergeeva had admitted to an anti-doping violation. The IOC executive was meeting on Saturday to consider a report on the Russians’ conduct at the Games, before making a decision on whether to lift the suspension of their Olympic status and allow them to fly their flag at the closing ceremony. If the suspension is not lifted, they will march behind the Olympic flag and in neutral uniforms. Before Sergeeva’s case, sources told Reuters the IOC was edging closer to restoring Russia’s Olympic status. It has not commented on how the second case could affect Russia’s chances. Some athletes have seized on the second violation as evidence that the IOC should have taken a stronger stand before the Games and banned the Russians from competition. American bobsledder Nick Cunningham said Russia had forfeited the right to parade with their flag on Sunday. “They should walk out of here the same way they walked in, and have the whole Olympics as the punishment,” he said. “It’s a punishment and that’s what it is. You don’t get to have a privilege like that, to walk under your flag. Maybe in four years you can have that honor.” Other Olympic delegations said they did not want to see the Russian tricolor on Sunday. “Especially in light of the second doping offence, our position is that the flag should not come into the closing ceremony with the Russian team,” Tricia Smith, president of the Canadian Olympic Committee, told a news conference. The IOC defended it decision to allow a carefully screened group of Russians to compete at Pyeongchang as neutrals. “We say we are always extremely disappointed for whichever anti-doping rule violation,” IOC spokesman Mark Adams said. “So far there have been very few cases. We did the right thing.” Two of four doping cases at the Games have involved Russian athletes, who were vetted by the IOC to compete. At the bobsleigh track on Saturday, Russian competitors were tight-lipped. The four-man team lead by pilot Maxim Andrianov sped past reporters after their race, hunched over, heads down. The Russian bobsleigh federation and the Russian Olympic delegation were quick to distance themselves from Sergeeva after they announced she had tested positive for a banned drug. In a rare outburst against an athlete involved in a doping case, the head of the Russian delegation in Pyeongchang, Stanislav Pozdnyakov, attributed the incident to negligence on Sergeeva’s part and said she had let the team down. Russian bobsleigh official Sergei Zhurkin listed theories on how Sergeeva could have ingested a banned substance by mistake, including by taking a legal drug from a tainted pill box. “She doesn’t understand where she made a mistake,” he said. 
967396466456186881	2018-02-24 13:51:05	https://t.co/KYfqLnPSUM	More than 20 killed in attacks in Afghanistan https://t.co/KYfqLnPSUM	 LASHKAR GAH, Afghanistan (Reuters) - A series of militant attacks in Afghanistan killed more than 20 people, officials said on Saturday, ahead of an international meeting next week aimed at building diplomatic support for hoped-for peace talks with the Taliban. Taliban militants attacked an Afghan army post overnight on Friday, killing 18 government soldiers, while a suicide bomber in the capital killed three people and wounded five, and separate attacks in Helmand killed at least three others. The attacks came as a high-level NATO delegation visited Afghanistan, pledging support for President Ashraf Ghani’s government, which on Wednesday hosts the latest in a series of diplomatic meetings aimed at laying the groundwork for a possible political process involving the Taliban. Violence has intensified in Afghanistan since U.S. President Donald Trump in August unveiled a more aggressive strategy, with U.S.-led forces carrying out more air strikes, and the Taliban responding with bombs, ambushes and raids. The Taliban, fighting to drive out foreign forces and re-impose its version of strict Islamic law, said in a statement it had attacked a government army post overnight on Friday in the western province of Farah. Government officials confirmed the attack. “A large number of Taliban attacked an army outpost and we lost 18 soldiers and two were wounded,” said government spokesman Dawlat Waziri. On Saturday a bomber blew himself up on a road in Kabul near an office of the Afghan intelligence services, the latest in a spate of attacks in the city in which hundreds of people have been killed and wounded. Islamic State claimed responsibility in a message carried by its Amaq news agency. The capital has been on high alert since a Taliban suicide bomber blew up an explosive-packed ambulance on a busy street on Jan. 27, killing more than 100 people and wounding at least 235. A week earlier, militants had killed more than 20 people, including four Americans, in an attack on one of the city’s top hotels. The Taliban claimed that attack too. General John Nicholson, the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan, said NATO would help authorities improve security in the capital as well as aiding Afghan forces in pressuring the insurgents with air strikes. “We expect the enemy to continue with these horrendous attacks,” Nicholson said, but added there had been a“lowering of ambition” by the Taliban which he said had given up trying to seize cities or whole provinces in favor of soft civilian targets. “The Taliban cannot win and their best hope for the future is to engage in reconciliation,” Nicholson told reporters at a news conference in Kabul. Although there appears to be no immediate prospect of any negotiations with the insurgents, officials say low-level contacts, aimed at establishing the basis for future talks, have been going on behind the scenes. “Talks about those - beginning talks are certainly in the works in different forms,” Kay Bailey Hutchison, the U.S. permanent representative to NATO, said.“So don’t think that nothing is happening. A lot is happening in a very beginning stage ... of a way forward.” Islamic State’s Afghan affiliate, which first appeared near the border with Pakistan in 2015, has become increasingly active and has claimed several recent attacks, although Nicholson said its strength had been severely diminished and the movement had only between 1,500 and 2,000 fighters. “We have cut their numbers in half over the last two years,” he said. Most fighters were Pakistani militants, with no sign of the flood of foreign fighters seen in Syria and Iraq. 
967396466422632448	2018-02-24 13:51:05	https://t.co/vBF2PgUEhv	France's Macron engages hecklers in farm-show rite of passage https://t.co/vBF2PgUEhv	 PARIS (Reuters) - France’s Emmanuel Macron was booed by angry farmers on Saturday during his first visit as president to the country’s main agricultural fair, amid rising discontent over producer prices, European Union trade talks and Chinese land purchases. Macron was greeted by jeering farmers and activists soon after his arrival at the southern Paris showground, before stopping to talk policy with a group of hecklers. Elected last May, France’s centrist president has promised 5 billion euros ($6.2 billion) in agricultural investment as well as minimum farm prices to prevent producers selling at a loss. But farmers and their FNSEA lobby group remain concerned about issues ranging from trade talks with the South American Mercosur bloc to a land-buying spree by Chinese investors. In a country with a profound attachment to its pastoral roots, the Salon de l’Agriculture is a mandatory rite of passage for political leaders, who tend either to relish the event - as former president Jacques Chirac visibly did - or endure it. Nicolas Sarkozy, during his presidential farm show debut a decade ago, let rip with an expletive-laden insult against a man in the crowd who had declined to shake his hand. His words were caught on video and haunted him for the rest of his term. Macron responded differently to provocation on Saturday, scrapping his itinerary to engage several of his hecklers in a lengthy and detailed exchange on trade policy, social charges and food standards in front of TV cameras. The budget for the EU’s Common Agricultural Policy should not be cut by more than Britain’s contribution as it exits the 28-member bloc, he also said. Thibault Guybert, a cereal farmer from the Paris region who had joined in the booing, said the president would be judged on his actions, and bigger protests should not be ruled out. “We wanted to jostle President Macron a bit to make our displeasure known and let him know we’re not just going to leave it there,” Guybert said on BFM TV. “We’ll have to be very clear with him and find out whether he wants to keep French agriculture or not.” ($1 = 0.8135 euros) 
967387163036913664	2018-02-24 13:14:07	https://t.co/PVLeOvviFL	Russian bobsledder Sergeeva admits anti-doping violation - CAS https://t.co/PVLeOvviFL by @mitchphilllips… https://t.co/zNPolcHgdZ	 PYEONGCHANG, South Korea (Reuters) - Russian bobsledder Nadezhda Sergeeva has admitted an anti-doping violation and has been disqualified from the Winter Olympics, the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) said on Saturday. As the International Olympic Committee (IOC) were meeting to discuss Russia’s possible Olympic reinstatement, CAS said in a statement that Sergeeva had tested positive in an out-of-competition test for the banned heart condition product trimetazidine two days before her race. Sergeeva finished 12th with Anastasia Kocherzhova in the women’s bobsleigh competition in Pyeongchang on Wednesday. “The athlete has admitted the anti-doping rule violation; she is disqualified from the women’s bobsleigh event,” it said. “The results obtained by the team at the same event are disqualified with all resulting consequences; the athlete is excluded from Pyeongchang 2018; her accreditation shall be withdrawn. “These proceedings shall continue before the CAS between the IBSF (International Bobsleigh and Skeleton Federation) and the athlete after the end of the Games; the IOC is no longer a party to this procedure. “The athlete has accepted a provisional suspension beyond the period of the Games and reserved her‘rights to seek the elimination or reduction of the ineligibility period’ following the conclusion of the Games.” Russian bobsleigh official Sergei Zhurkin told reporters at the Olympic sliding center:“At this moment she can’t say where she made a mistake. “In my opinion, maybe since the dose is very small that even means that she didn’t drink the pill. As the doctors said, she could have got sprayed or smelled something or licked something. This is how minimal the dose is. “Possibly she kept the pills that are allowed in the same container that was, somewhere, at some point, tainted. “These are just my guesses. It’s hard to say now. The doctors are investigating and probably all the medications that she had will be sent into the investigation as well as the container in which they were kept.” However, Stanislav Pozdnyakov, head of the Russian delegation in Pyeongchang, said the positive test was a result of negligence by Sergeeva, who had“let the team down”. Pozdnyakov said he had apologized to the IOC for the Russian’s two doping violations but said they did not have a systematic character. Saturday’s announcement comes after Russian curler Alexander Krushelnitsky agreed to hand back his mixed-team bronze medal after testing positive for meldonium, which can aid in endurance. It also came while the IOC’s executive board was meeting to discuss whether to lift the suspension of Russia’s Olympic committee and allow them to march with the Russian flag at Sunday’s closing ceremony. If the suspension is not lifted, the athletes will march behind the Olympic flag and in neutral uniforms, as they did for the opening ceremony. 
967385905840492544	2018-02-24 13:09:07	https://t.co/pf0IKcLtnN	American team to boycott Russian World Cup meet over doping concerns https://t.co/pf0IKcLtnN by @philipoconnor… https://t.co/a1VJ2bkQ5n	 PYEONGCHANG, South Korea (Reuters) - The U.S. team will boycott the season’s final International Biathlon Union (IBU) event next month in Tyumen, Russia amid continuing concerns about the lack of a functioning anti-doping agency there, the U.S. national biathlon association has said. With Russia banned from competing under its own flag at the Winter Olympics following allegations of state-sponsored doping, biathletes from several countries have expressed serious reservations about travelling there to compete. “The IBU’s recent decision to move forward with the World Cup Final in Tyumen, Russia is completely unacceptable. In support of clean sport and our own physical safety, we cannot in good conscience participate,” the statement form the American team said. Swedish biathlete Sebastian Samuelsson received threats on social media following a Reuters interview in which he said that he hoped his country would also boycott the event. The American statement, sent by U.S. Biathlon Association President and Chief Executive Max Cobb, cited Russia being out of compliance with the World Anti-Doping Authority (WADA) code, threats of physical harm and doping sanctions against Russian athletes as the reasons for their decision. “We fully support the right of clean Russian athletes to compete and share the opinion that Russia should be eligible to host IBU World Cups in the future; but only after they have shown a meaningful commitment to rectifying the doping culture which has been shown to exist there,” the statement concluded. The prestigious final event of the season is due to be held in Tyumen from March 19-26. 
967382873564176386	2018-02-24 12:57:04	https://t.co/lpYwpRM816	Czech Ester Ledecka creates history with PGS gold https://t.co/lpYwpRM816 by @TarrantJack #PyeongChang2018. More fr… https://t.co/3rIBOKSZhS	 PYEONGCHANG, South Korea (Reuters) - Ester Ledecka became the first person in Winter Olympics history to capture gold medals in both Alpine skiing and snowboarding when she won the snowboard parallel giant slalom on Saturday to go with her stunning Alpine super-G gold. The 22-year-old Czech was superb throughout and defeated Germany’s Selina Joerg in the final by 0.46 seconds to become the fifth person to win gold in two different sports. Three of the four athletes to have won in different sports in the past did so in the closely related fields of Nordic combined and cross-country skiing while Russian Anfissa Reszova did so in biathlon and cross country. Never before has the seemingly unbreachable divide between the old classic of the Games, Alpine skiing, and the popular modern sport of snowboarding been breached by an athlete winning gold in both. “The best satisfaction is really that I could be here on both and win both,” said Ledecka. “It was a great feeling, every run was a great feeling, it was something very special. I will think about this moment until the end of my life.” Germany’s Theresia Ramona Hofmeister won the minor final against Russian Sochi bronze medalist Alena Zavarzina, who fell in both of her last two races, to complete the podium. While her super-G gold was a complete shock, Ledecka looked in command from the outset in her favored discipline, setting the fastest time in qualifying and handling the pressure to make her historic achievement look almost routine. Ledecka’s momentous accomplishment of winning unrelated events has seen her lauded by many as the“Queen of the Games”, a moniker she admits was growing on her. “I don’t feel like that but it sounds good, for sure,” laughed Ledecka, who wore her goggles for the duration of her news conference as she had done after the Alpine skiing triumph. The Czech admitted it had been difficult to adjust to her primary sport after the whirlwind that followed last week’s triumph on skis. “It was quite tough to change myself into a snowboarder,” she said.“I had one week for it and until yesterday I didn’t feel good but today I found the snowboarder in me, luckily. “I love racing. This is the best thing about my job, the racing. I just feel good in my bubble and focus on myself, my riding and I think it helps me.” For Joerg, the silver medal could be regarded as a long-awaited redemption after she narrowly missed out on a medal in Vancouver eight years ago. “I have worked so hard to be here, on the podium,” the 30-year-old said. “I remember... in Vancouver getting fourth place, but today it is amazing for me to win a medal and to be on the podium with Ramona (Hofmeister), it is the best possible thing I could imagine.” The German silver and bronze matches the feat the country achieved in Sochi in the shorter parallel slalom, although that event was not retained for Pyeongchang. Joerg also lavished praise on Ledecka, who she believes can drive the sport of snowboarding further and push it to the forefront at the 2022 Winter Games in Beijing. “She is incredible. A second gold medal here, one in skiing, one in snowboarding. I have never heard of that before, is it even possible?” asked Joerg, who is ranked third in the world behind Ledecka and Hofmeister. “Just doing one sport is a full-time job.” Despite her unique achievement, Ledecka believes there is more to come. “I can push myself further and there are still mistakes in skiing and snowboarding and I want to improve myself,” she said.“There are no limits.” 
967381856080617473	2018-02-24 12:53:02	https://t.co/yDAlaYnClJ	'Peace Games' are no game-changer for South Koreans https://t.co/yDAlaYnClJ by @SoyoungSays @joshjonsmith… https://t.co/gcs0rn3gU0	 GANGNEUNG, South Korea/SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea’s self-styled“Peace Games” have been a sporting success but public reaction suggests it may have failed its bigger test — to generate the support its president needs to make bold moves to improve ties with old enemy North Korea. South Korean President Moon Jae-in has been using the Games, which end on Sunday, to help galvanize the public behind his risky policy of re-engagement with the North, an approach that in the past has ended ultimately in disappointment. A government official voiced surprise at how young South Koreans, seen among Moon’s core supporters, declined to embrace some of his peace push, which featured a joint women’s ice hockey team made up of players from South and North. “When Seoul pursued rapprochement with Pyongyang in the early 2000s, most people were hopeful and by and large behind the government. After a decade of up and downs, we just don’t have that anymore,” the official said on condition of anonymity. “It won’t be easy to seek a fundamental change if that means going against public opinion,” the official added. The failure of the peace message to resonate among young South Koreans was conspicuous at the Pyeongchang Winter Games, especially when North Korea’s cheerleading squad turned up at some of the events to wave unity flags and chant“We are one!”. “I and frankly most of my friends don’t feel that we are the same people,” university student Lee Seung-hyun, 20, said after watching the cheerleaders as they swayed to old Korean folk tunes, in between K-pop tunes playing over loudspeakers. “I am turned off when North Korean cheerleaders chant‘We are one!’ That feels like forcing a sense of unity that isn’t really there.” Opinion polls showed the public warming to the joint women’s ice hockey team after an initial backlash, but that too appears to have made no lasting impact. A Gallup Korea opinion poll released on Friday, in the final days of the Games, showed a still divided public, with about 50 percent of respondents supporting the team. “Let’s be realistic. These are minor developments that lack substance,” James Kim, a research fellow at Seoul’s Asan Institute for Policy Studies, said of Moon’s unity symbolism. “Ultimately, without a major breakthrough between now and the closing ceremony, the situation before and after the Olympics is basically unchanged.” Even if the Games failed to shift more public support behind Moon, it still brought some tangible results: he coaxed the North out of its isolation to participate in the Games and held the first high-level talks between the two Koreas in two years. His re-engagement with the North also won apparent endorsement from U.S. Vice President Mike Pence, who attended the opening ceremony. Pence said later that Washington would be open to talks with the North without pre-conditions, even as it stepped up its“maximum pressure campaign”. Washington is imposing its largest set of sanctions on North Korea to pressure it to drop its nuclear missile program. The United States and Asian allies will expand ship interceptions to prevent sanctions violations, U.S. officials said. If this failed, U.S. President Donald Trump said“phase two” could be“very, very unfortunate for the world”. But for Moon, who has been invited to a summit in Pyongyang with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, garnering public support at home will be crucial to moving further down the peace path. That task became even more challenging this week when North Korea announced its delegation to attend Sunday’s closing ceremony would be led by an official blamed for the 2010 sinking of a South Korean navy ship that killed 46 sailors. Family members of the dead sailors and opposition parties angrily denounced Moon’s decision to host Kim Yong Chol, vice-chairman of the ruling Workers’ Party’s Central Committee. Government officials and experts acknowledge that the Games revealed that Seoul no longer has the broad public backing it enjoyed when it last pursued a bold reconciliation. In 2005, during the so-called Sunshine policy of engagement with the North, South Korea’s Samsung featured a North Korean dancer and a K-pop singer in a cellphone commercial — the kind of step no company appears willing to take now. Major Olympic sponsors have avoided the“Peace Olympics” in their marketing, given the United States and Japan both accuse the North of using the Games for crude propaganda. “Public attitudes have cooled significantly as North Korea has continued to ratchet up threats with its persistent nuclear and missile tests,” said Shin Beom-chul, a professor at the Korea National Diplomatic Academy in Seoul. The gulf that Moon is trying to bridge is cultural as well as political, with North and South physically divided for generations, since the end of their 1950-53 war. Daniel Na, a 34-year-old businessman, took his wife and three-year-old daughter to watch speed skating on Thursday, where the North’s cheerleaders performed their well-drilled routines. “It’s been entertaining and weird at the same time to watch them,” he said.“I’m normally indifferent to politics, but there’s definitely uneasiness that North Korea is getting away with something.” 
967380667771314177	2018-02-24 12:48:18	https://t.co/tJtQ92OFWt	Bangladesh police free detained foreign aid workers https://t.co/tJtQ92OFWt	 DHAKA (Reuters) - The Bangladesh police authority has freed all the foreign aid workers who had been detained near the city of Cox’s Bazar after failing to show their passports, visas or work permits, a senior police official said on Saturday. The Rapid Action Battalion (RAB), the elite force of the Bangladesh police, had on Friday detained 11 aid workers with a number of different non-government organizations (NGOs) and handed them over to local police. Mohammad Abul Khair, officer in charge of the police station in the Ukhiya sub-district, near Cox’s Bazar, said two of the aid workers were from the United Kingdom, two were from Italy, and one each were from Turkey, the Netherlands, Norway, Belgium, Brazil, Korea and Kenya. “All of them were going to a refugees’ camp from Cox’s Bazar by their own vehicles, but they could not produce their passport, visa or work permit,” Khair told Reuters. “All of them were freed later after their written undertaking that in future they will not visit any camp or will not come out without a valid passport or visa,” Khair added. Nearly 700,000 Rohingyas have fled Myanmar’s Rakhine State and crossed into Bangladesh since August, when attacks on security posts by insurgents triggered a military crackdown that the United Nations has said amounts to ethnic cleansing. 
967379092713680896	2018-02-24 12:42:03	https://t.co/KnrBwi4G6l	Big air champion Toutant brings Canada some cheer https://t.co/KnrBwi4G6l by @rutherfordgolf #PyeongChang2018. More… https://t.co/29ZxK1onUi	 PYEONGCHANG, South Korea (Reuters) - Sebastien Toutant soothed Canada’s wounded pride by winning the first Olympic men’s snowboarding big air gold medal on Saturday, taking the title with a combined score of 174.25 from his two best runs in the Pyeongchang Winter Games final. American Kyle Mack, cheered on by U.S. President Donald Trump’s daughter Ivanka, took the silver with 168.75 points, while Britain’s Billy Morgan won the bronze with 168.00. Trump, a senior White House adviser, is in South Korea to lead the U.S. delegation to the closing ceremony of the Winter Olympics. She met with South Korean President Moon Jae-in on Friday. The gold will come as some welcome good news for Canadian sports fans, who are mourning a string of defeats in ice hockey and curling, sports they traditionally dominate at the Olympics. Toutant collected his first Olympic medal with the victory after finishing 11th in the snowboarding slopestyle event. He also competed in the slopestyle in Sochi four years ago but did not make the podium. Clearly, it’s not the taking part that counts for the 25-year-old. “I’ve always been saying,‘If you’re not first, you’re last’,” said Toutant. “Today I knew I had the tricks and I knew I could’ve done well, I’m just so happy it’s gone my way. The format is three jumps, best two count. I put down my first two runs, I mean, that’s the best scenario you can ask for.” Toutant flew under the radar coming into the final, partly because compatriots Mark McMorris and Max Parrot were favorites to take gold, and partly because he had been struggling with back problems. “A couple of months ago I couldn’t even snowboard so it definitely feels great that I’m able to ride at my best and to put the tricks down,” he added. Toutant, who said he had done a cab triple 1620 (84.75 points) on his first jump and a backside triple cork 1620 (89.50) on the second, was hopeful that big air’s Olympic debut would boost its popularity. “Hopefully a lot of fans out there discovered a new passion, a new sport.” Silver medalist Mack said he was delighted to have pulled off a‘frontside bloody Dracula’ — a trick that can leave snowboarders with a smashed up mouth if they get it wrong. “The whole reason I wanted to do snowboarding is to bring style into snowboarding, it’s the main thing I’ve always worked at,” he added. Britain’s Morgan was as surprised as anyone with his bronze medal. He said he thought he had blown his chance when he failed to land his first jump. “I never saw this moment coming. It blows my mind actually,” the 28-year-old said.“This is the good thing about the sport, you never know who’s going to win and that’s what makes it such a fun event to watch.” New Zealander Carlos Garcia Knight, who topped the qualifying competition, failed to deliver in the final and finished a disappointing 11th of 12 riders. 
967377558957383683	2018-02-24 12:35:57	https://t.co/pgKsUEtcLr	Galmarini upgrades to men's PGS gold at #PyeongChang2018 https://t.co/pgKsUEtcLr by @TarrantJack More from the Wint… https://t.co/dkmGLJS77j	 PYEONGCHANG, South Korea (Reuters) - Switzerland’s Nevin Galmarini upgraded his silver medal from four years ago when he held off the challenge of South Korea’s Lee Sang-ho to win gold in the men’s snowboard parallel giant slalom on Saturday. Galmarini claimed victory by 0.43 seconds from local favorite Lee, who claimed his country’s first ever medal in a snowboard event, as Slovenia’s Zan Kosir defeated Sylvain Dufour of France in the small final to complete the podium. Galmarini finished second to Russia’s Vic Wild in Sochi four years ago but the Swiss had enough in the tank this time to overcome a local rider when he defeated Lee in the final. Lee’s semi-final win over Kosir, guaranteeing the hosts a first ever Olympic snowboarding medal, was greeted by huge cheers from the crowd, who had turned up in huge numbers for the last day of action at Phoenix Snow Park. Kosir matched his bronze medal from Sochi with victory over Dufour, who struggled to maintain the speed that had carried him into the semi-finals. In PGS, two boarders compete against one another on parallel courses, with the athletes holding the highest seeding from qualification choosing their preferred course; red or blue. The red course appeared to be the fastest throughout competition and Galmarini said he wanted to go fast right from the start to ensure he had the best chance to win. “I knew I was in good shape but I just wanted to ride without fear, go hard into every turn and if it doesn’t work out then walk away proud and if it does work then even better,” said the Swiss, who qualified in first position. “That was my first thought; just go hard in every run and not think about the consequences. “There are some races where choosing is important, others not. In this one I wanted to go hard and take risks in qualification to have the result on my side.” Nevin said he was still coming to terms with being an Olympic champion. “Today was fantastic,” he added.“Now I am the Olympic champion. It sounds both surreal and fantastic.” 
967371844083965953	2018-02-24 12:13:15	https://t.co/t6PyJTqWN6	Al Qaeda-linked group claims Mali attack that killed two French troops https://t.co/t6PyJTqWN6	 NOUAKCHOTT (Reuters) - A Malian militant group with links to al Qaeda has claimed responsibility for an attack that killed two French soldiers in the West African country on Wednesday. The soldiers were killed after their armored vehicle was hit by an explosive device near Mali’s border with Niger and Burkina Faso, an area that has become increasingly dangerous for international forces seeking to quell Islamic insurgencies in the remote Sahel region. In October, militants killed four U.S. troops just over the border in Niger, sparking a debate about America’s combat role in the vast and unpoliced scrubland just south of the Sahara. JNIM, which has been responsible for other attacks in Mali and has been linked to the kidnapping of at least six western hostages in recent years, claimed responsibility for Wednesday’s attack late on Friday on two Mauritanian websites, through which the group has previously communicated. Islamist militants took over northern Mali in 2012 before French forces pushed them back in 2013. But since then the threat has crept back, and attacks have occurred further and further south, into neighboring Niger and Burkina Faso, and as far afield as Ivory Coast. In a bid to counter the insurgents, international donors on Friday pledged half a billion dollars towards the G5 Sahel, an international force made up of troops from Mali, Niger, Chad, Burkina Faso and Mauritania. 
967369649372491776	2018-02-24 12:04:31	https://t.co/1yMH5Zu8il	Rescuers say cannot keep up with air strikes battering Syria's Ghouta https://t.co/1yMH5Zu8il	 BEIRUT/UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The U.N. Security Council on Saturday demanded a 30-day truce across Syria as rescuers in the country’s eastern Ghouta region said bombing had not let up long enough for them to count bodies during one of the bloodiest air assaults of the seven-year war. Shortly after the unanimous vote by the 15-member council, warplanes struck a town in eastern Ghouta, the last rebel enclave near Syria’s capital, an emergency service and a war monitoring group said. Warplanes have pounded the region for seven straight days while residents holed up in basements. U.N. chief Antonio Guterres appealed on Wednesday for an immediate end to“war activities” in eastern Ghouta, where nearly 400,000 people have lived under government siege since 2013, without enough food or medicine. While Syrian ally Russia supported the adoption of the U.N. resolution, Russian U.N. Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia cast doubt on its feasibility. Previous ceasefire deals on the ground have had a poor record of ending fighting in Syria, where President Bashar al-Assad’s military has gained the upper hand. “What is necessary is for the demands of the Security Council to be underpinned by concrete on the ground agreements,” Nebenzia told the council after the vote. He later told reporters it was unrealistic to expect an immediate ceasefire and that the parties had to be encouraged to work for it. After several days of delay and last-minute negotiations to win the support of Russia, the council adopted the resolution - drafted by Sweden and Kuwait - demanding hostilities cease for 30-days“without delay” to allow aid access and medical evacuations. “We accept that it might take a number of hours before it can all be fully implemented ... we just have to keep the pressure up, implementation is key now,” Swedish Foreign Minister Margot Wallstrom told Reuters. Russia did not want to specify when a truce would start, so a proposal for the truce to begin 72 hours after adoption was watered-down to demand it start“without delay.” Further talks on Saturday added a demand for all parties to“engage immediately to ensure full and comprehensive implementation.” “As they dragged out the negotiation, the bombs from Assad’s fighter jets continued to fall. In the three days it took us to adopt this resolution, how many mothers lost their kids to the bombing and shelling?” U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley told the council. “We are deeply skeptical that the (Syrian) regime will comply,” Haley said. A surge of rocket fire, shelling and air strikes has killed more than 500 people since Sunday night, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said. The dead included more than 120 children. The monitor said raids hit Douma, Zamalka and other towns there on Saturday, killing 40 people. After the U.N. vote the two dominant rebel factions in Ghouta - Failaq al-Rahman and Jaish al-Islam - both committed to implement the truce and facilitate aid access, but also reiterated their right to respond to any attacks on them. Medical charities have decried attacks on a dozen hospitals. The Syrian government and Russia say they only target militants. Moscow and Damascus have said they seek to stop mortar attacks injuring dozens in the capital, and have accused insurgents in Ghouta of holding people as human shields. There was no immediate comment from the Syrian military. “We’re combating terrorism on our territories,” Syrian U.N. Ambassador Bashar Ja’afari told the Security Council.“Our government will reserve the right to respond as it deems appropriate in case those terrorist arms groups are targeting civilians in any part of Syria with even one single missile.” Ja’afari said his government interpreted the resolution as also applying to“Turkish forces in Afrin, and the operations of the anti-ISIL (Islamic State) coalition in Syria ... Israeli forces in Syria, especially the occupied Syrian Golan.” The truce demanded by the Security Council does not cover militants from Islamic State, al-Qaeda, and the Nusra Front. First responders searched for survivors after strikes on Kafr Batna, Douma and Harasta, the Civil Defence in eastern Ghouta said on Saturday. The rescue service, which operates in rebel territory, said it had documented at least 350 deaths in four days earlier this week. “Maybe there are many more,” said Siraj Mahmoud, a civil defence spokesman in the suburbs.“We weren’t able to count the martyrs yesterday because the warplanes are touring the skies.” As the bombs rain down, workers have struggled to pull people from the rubble, Mahmoud said.“But if we have to go out running on our legs and dig with our hands to rescue the people, we will still be here.” A witness in Douma said he woke up in the early hours on Saturday to the sound of a squadron of jets bombing nearby. The streets have mostly remained empty. The local opposition council said it was setting up emergency volunteer teams in several districts to reinforce shelters with sandbags and try to link them through tunnels. Several previous ceasefire attempts have quickly unraveled during the multi-sided conflict, which has killed hundreds of thousands and forced 11 million people out of their homes. Syrian state media said Ghouta factions fired mortars at districts of Damascus on Saturday, including near a school. Insurgent shelling wounded six people, it said, and the army heavily pounded militant targets in response. The Ghouta pocket has become the war’s latest flashpoint, after a string of rebel defeats and negotiated withdrawals. With Russian jets and Iran-backed militias, Assad’s military has restored state rule over the main cities across western Syria. Insurgents in eastern Ghouta have vowed not to accept such a fate, ruling out the kind of evacuation that ended rebellion in Aleppo and Homs after bitter sieges. Russia has blamed Nusra fighters, from al-Qaeda’s former Syria branch, for provoking the situation in Ghouta. The two main Islamist factions there in turn accuse their enemies of using the presence of a few hundred jihadist fighters as a pretext for attacks. 
967365604289208320	2018-02-24 11:48:27	https://t.co/eY73L0xLVK	Libya's NOC declares force majeure on 70,000 bpd El Feel oilfield https://t.co/eY73L0xLVK	 TUNIS (Reuters) - Libya’s National Oil Corporation (NOC) said on Saturday it had declared force majeure on the 70,000 barrels per day (bpd) El Feel oilfield after a protest by guards closed the field. El Feel was shut after guards withdrew from the field to push demands over pay and other benefits earlier this week. The NOC said force majeure was declared on Friday after“members of Fazzan group from the Petroleum Facility Guards (PFG) threatened workers, entered the administrative offices in the field, tampered with official papers of the field administration and fired in the air”. NOC Chairman Mustafa Sanalla was quoted in the NOC statement as saying the guards were attached to the ministry of defense, and it was up to the ministry to respond to their demands. “The NOC supplies the PFG members in the field with fuel and supplies but cannot supply hundreds of those who claim to be members of the PFG in areas far and away from the scope of the oil sector operations,” he said. The numbers of such claimants“are constantly growing”, the statement said. The field is operated by a joint venture between state-owned NOC and Italy’s Eni. Crude from El Feel is blended with condensate from the Wafa field to form the Mellitah blend, which is exported from the Mellitah terminal. Guards at Libyan oilfields are often drawn from local groups, and have repeatedly disrupted production over claims of late payment of salaries and demands for local development projects. Many at El Feel come from the Tebu ethnic group present in southwest Libya. “The NOC is in contact with all the social leaders of Tebu tribe to find a solution for the return of calm to the field and resume operations as soon as possible,” the statement said. 
967363520848416768	2018-02-24 11:40:10	https://t.co/r81tHtIgDs	China upset as Interpol removes wanted alert for exiled Uighur leader https://t.co/r81tHtIgDs	 BEIJING (Reuters) - China expressed dissatisfaction on Saturday at Interpol’s decision to lift a wanted alert for an exile from its Uighur minority, a man China accuses of being a terrorist. Uighurs are a largely Muslim people who live in the far western region of Xinjiang, where hundreds of people have died in the past few years, mostly in unrest between its 10 million Uighurs and the ethnic majority Han Chinese. China has blamed much of the unrest on separatist Islamist militants. Rights groups and exiles say anger over tightening Chinese controls on the religion and culture of Uighurs is more to blame. The London-based rights group Fair Trials said Interpol had confirmed it had deleted a wanted alert, known as a red notice, for Dolkun Isa, president of the Munich-based World Uyghur Congress. A red notice is an international alert for a wanted person but is not an international arrest warrant. “China expresses its dissatisfaction at Interpol revoking the red notice for Dolkun Isa,” China’s Foreign Ministry said in a statement.“Dolkun Isa is a terrorist as determined by the Chinese government.” China had full, cast-iron proof of criminality for the issuing of the red notice by Interpol, it added, saying it would have further communication with Interpol on the matter. In a statement to Reuters, Interpol said it did not comment on specific cases except in special circumstances and with approval of the member country concerned. “With regard to your request in relation to this individual, we would advise you to contact the authorities which you believe had requested a red notice,” it said. Fair Trials quoted Isa, a German national since 2006, as saying the red notice should not have been issued. “Such a serious allegation from any state must be thoroughly scrutinized to determine its legitimacy – something that was regrettably not done here,” he said. Dilxat Raxit, spokesman for the World Uyghur Congress, said the accusations against Isa were purely political. “China is unable to produce any actual evidence of its accusations against him,” he said in a statement. Isa, a former Xinjiang student activist, says he condemns all terrorism. Diplomatic sources have previously told Reuters that China frequently asks European countries to arrest Isa, but has never provided evidence of the crimes it says he has committed. In 2016, Interpol, the international police organization, elected a senior Chinese public security official, Meng Hongwei, as president, prompting concern among rights groups that China could use the position to its advantage, something China and Interpol have denied. 
967356183567912962	2018-02-24 11:11:01	https://t.co/vOnbCbS5He	Senior Chinese politician under investigation for disciplinary violations: Xinhua https://t.co/vOnbCbS5He	 BEIJING (Reuters) - A senior Chinese politician has been removed from his administrative positions and is under investigation for suspected“serious disciplinary violations”, state media Xinhua said on Saturday. Yang Jing will be kept under observation for one year, Xinhua said, citing the Communist Party’s graft buster, the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection (CCDI). It said the steps had been approved by the Central Committee, the ruling Communist Party’s governing body, and the CCDI. Yang is secretary of the Central Committee, State Councillor and Secretary General of the State Council. He allegedly violated party discipline, had“inappropriate” relationships with illegal business owners, used his political influence to conduct illegal activities, and his family members allegedly took bribes, Xinhua reported. 
967352848219627521	2018-02-24 10:57:46	https://t.co/TDaNqFxpns	The first 5G Olympics? Not quite, say bemused spectators https://t.co/TDaNqFxpns @LianaBaker @JANEUNHYE… https://t.co/UZKDmm1xOV	 PYEONGCHANG, South Korea (Reuters) - The Pyeongchang Winter Games was supposed to be the coming-out party for 5G, the next generation of wireless technology — but few people noticed. And some of those who did were unimpressed. “It was okay,” South Korean spectator Lim Seol-hwa said, after visiting a truck outfitted with the technology, one of several demonstrations of 5G’s applications at Games venues. “It was quite real and interesting to try. It would have been better if we could have actually tried it with our own phone.” South Korea’s largest telecom, KT Corp, had promoted Pyeongchang as the first“5G Olympic Games in the world”, arousing interest from investors, other telecoms firms and networking companies curious to see if the technology is viable and how exactly it would be applied. KT’s marketing also led some Games spectators this month to believe their phones could use super-fast 5G — though that was never a possibility given 5G-compatible handsets have yet to be sold. In KT’s 5G demonstrations, company representatives show videos demonstrating the speed and capability of 5G, using real-time, 360-degree video of athletes competing. It’s a feat that would be impossible on current 4G technology without buffering. The 5G speeds reached in the trials were four times faster than 4G, according to chip maker Intel Corp, which partnered with KT. It allowed for crisp streaming of the Games’ action from all angles with no buffering. KT also staged a“5G Zone” at venues allowing passers-by to also analyze video in short time slices. About 100 cameras installed around the Olympic ice arena gave 360-degree views for people watching on special tablets, Games organizers said. While the 5G Zone at the Gangneung ice hockey area was promoted on Pyeongchang’s Olympics website, it was not available to attendees during hockey games and was based in an area reserved for Olympic families, making it hard to find. American hockey fan Ben Dower was one spectator who had failed to spot the trial. “I don’t really know what 5G is,” said Dower, who traveled from Washington to watch a game between the United States and neutral Russian athletes.“I’ve heard of the term but I just don’t know how it’s different from 4G.” KT spokeswoman Jiyoung Lee said KT had limited marketing rights at the Games and that this in turn had limited its ability to promote 5G as much as the company would have liked. A spokeswoman for the Pyeongchang Games organisers said in a statement that“KT has exercised their marketing and promotion rights to the fullest through various efforts within Korea”. Makers of network equipment, device makers like Samsung Electronics and Apple Inc and chip designers such as Qualcomm Inc are counting on 5G to usher in a new wave of hardware upgrades — and income. Network operators in South Korea, Japan and the United States are preparing to launch 5G this year or in 2019, with China also likely to be an early adopter. The European Union wants European companies to start offering 5G in 2020. “Unfortunately, 5G is being over-hyped everywhere. Carriers are desperate not to appear as though they are falling behind,” said Craig Moffett, a research analyst at MoffettNathanson. “The reality is that true 5G is still a ways off.” KT spokeswoman Lee said it was“not right to say we’re making any hype on the 5G service now”. KT, which wants to be among the first to roll out 5G, is also demonstrating at the Games how 5G can be used in future in smart cities, such as in autonomous vehicles. One marketing expert, Rob Prazmark, chief executive of 21 Sports and Entertainment, who attended the Pyeongchang Games, said KT’s efforts reminded him of how Philips used the 1992 Games in Albertville to introduce high-definition TV broadcasting, but it took many more years for HD TV to catch on. However, Jang Jae-hyeon, an analyst at LG Economic Research Institute, said KT had made a decent start. “It’s still meaningful that KT really showed people what they have instead of a lab test,” Jang said. 
967346739157127168	2018-02-24 10:33:29	https://t.co/aegPyKafAe	Death toll from Somalia blasts rises to 45: government official https://t.co/aegPyKafAe	 MOGADISHU (Reuters) - The death toll from twin car bomb blasts in the Somali capital late on Friday has risen to 45 from the initially reported 18, a senior government official said on Saturday. Al Qaeda-linked al Shabaab militants claimed responsibility for the attack near the president’s residence and a hotel close by. “The death toll from last night’s blasts has risen to 45, and 36 others were injured,” the official, who asked not to be named, told Reuters. Separately, a police officer said he was sure of 36 deaths. “At least 15 people including a military officer and a local official died outside the palace last night. And more than that were injured. They were mostly palace guards and guards of officials who were at the scene. The death toll may rise,” Major Mohamed Abdullahi told Reuters on Saturday. “At the hotel, at least 21 died. So the total I have is 36 dead and more others injured.” The ambulance services had put the toll at 18 on Friday, and updated it to 21 early on Saturday. Reuters pictures showed at least five vehicles destroyed outside the hotel, whose perimeter wall was partly destroyed in the blast. Al Shabaab said its attackers had killed 35 soldiers and five of its fighters were also killed. “Five including the two drivers martyred from our side. We killed 35 soldiers ... in last night’s operations. The other mujahideen came back safely,” Abdiasis Abu Musab, al Shabaab’s military operations spokesman, said. The group wants to overthrow the Somali government and impose its own harsh interpretation of Islamic law. It has killed hundreds of civilians across East Africa and thousands of Somalis in a decade-long insurgency. In October, more than 500 people were killed in twin bomb blasts in Mogadishu. Those attacks were the deadliest since al Shabaab began an insurgency in 2007. Al Shabaab did not claim responsibility for that incident. 
967342615451570176	2018-02-24 10:17:06	https://t.co/4iapAHl0PN	South Koreans pray Garlic Girls can score crushing victory https://t.co/4iapAHl0PN by Hyun Oh @JANEUNHYE… https://t.co/z70C0OcbCu	 sUISEONG/GANGNEUNG, South Korea (Reuters) - Ninety-two-year-old Kim Won-hee doesn’t know much about the sport of curling, but she and millions of other South Koreans are counting on her granddaughter, skipper of the“Garlic Girls”, to lead the nation to an historic gold medal on Sunday. The nation has embraced its women’s curling team like no other local athlete, inspired by their journey from a garlic-growing county to the pinnacle of the Winter Olympics, the first Asian team to make the sport’s gold-medal playoff. The Garlic Girls’ skipper, Kim Eun-jung, 27, and her four teammates are famous for their girl-next-door looks, but the skip has her own special brand of celebrity — thanks to a pair of Harry Potter spectacles and her death-stare concentration. That steely determination seems to run in the family. “She has to win the gold medal,” her grandmother told Reuters Television in her home in central Uiseong, which has a banner over the main road reading:“We Support National Curling Player Kim Eun-jung” “The gold medal is what we need,” she stressed again, as she gripped a curling broom with the label“Team Kim”. On her side table sits a picture of her granddaughter, also holding a curling broom, with her family in a garlic field. The team face Sweden on Sunday in a playoff that is destined to be South Korea’s biggest TV audience for curling and one of its largest for any moment of the Pyeongchang Winter Games. Four of the five team members grew up in garlic-growing Uiseong county, which decided a decade ago to build the country’s first curling rink. The skipper and one of her teammates, Kim Yeong-mi, were close high-school friends who started curling together as an after-class activity. Uiseong’s early adoption of the sport has led to the Garlic Girls blazing a trail for curling, a sport born centuries ago in Scotland and which has now caught fire in South Korea. Kim Eun-Jung’s family still farms garlic and her uncle Kim Kwang-il remembers her as a girl who worked hard at school, helped tend the fields and threw herself into curling. “I’m very proud and thankful. She’s a hard working girl in everything she does — studying, training, helping her family on the field,” the uncle said as he stood in a field where green garlic sprouts were partly covered against the winter cold. “I feel grateful but also I feel for her because of all the hard work she puts in.” At Uiseong Girls High School, alma mater for four of the Garlic Girls, more than 300 fans and a scrum of local media gathered before a big screen on Friday night to watch the team’s nail-biting victory against Japan. South Korea has produced many world-class athletes from women’s golfer Pak Se-ri to figure skater Kim Yuna, but few have come from as far left field as the Garlic Girls. Skipper Kim Eun-jung said Yuna was one of her inspirations to turn her fun pastime into an Olympic pursuit. “I still remember the moment when I watched Kim Yuna performing at the Vancouver Olympics while I was doing curling training,” she told reporters after the victory against Japan. “Back then I just thought what it would be like competing in the Olympics for me.” Her grandmother still doesn’t understand the sport well but is very proud of her famous youngster. “At first I didn’t even know what curling was but her parents were busy giving her rides there (to the rink) and back and she kept coming back with medals, but I couldn’t understand what it was. Granny didn’t know. “I still don’t understand what they are doing.” 
967338537350778881	2018-02-24 10:00:54	https://t.co/V1hpk3Mu8G	China's Communist Party to meet on reform ahead of government reshuffle https://t.co/V1hpk3Mu8G	 BEIJING (Reuters) - China’s ruling Communist Party will hold a three-day meeting of its top officials starting on Monday to discuss deepening of reform, and will also likely decide on key personnel decisions ahead of a government reshuffle next month. In a statement on Saturday following a meeting chaired by President Xi Jinping, who is also head of the party, the official Xinhua news agency said the party’s Central Committee would hold a plenary session from Feb. 26 to Feb. 28. The Central Committee is the largest of the party’s elite decision-making bodies, and is made up of 204 full members and about 170 alternate members. The meeting overseen by Xi discussed proposals about deepening of reform for government bodies, which will be put to the plenum for formal approval. It did not give details of what those reforms would entail. The statement said China needs to“further supply-side structural reform” and“deepen reform in keep areas”, and“boost consumption and effective investment”. It also said the government“needs to maintain the continuity and sustainability of its economic policy.” China will also continue to adopt a proactive fiscal policy and a prudent monetary policy to fulfill its 2018 economic and social development goals, Xinhua added. China’s economy grew 6.9 percent in 2017, the first annual acceleration in economic growth since 2010. This will be the third plenary session of the party since a party congress ended in October with a slew of new senior party posts announced. The overseas edition of the party’s People’s Daily said on its WeChat account that since 1978, third plenums have traditionally been about deepening reform, and everyone should“pay close attention” to what message on reform this plenum puts out. This year marks 40 years since China began landmark economic reforms following the chaos of the Cultural Revolution. While important party posts were unveiled at the party congress in October, government positions still need to be finally decided and formally voted on at the annual session of the largely rubber-stamp parliament which opens on March 5. Posts that parliament will need to give its official approval for include cabinet positions such as for premier and ministers and also the chiefs of regulators like the central bank. Liu He, a Harvard-trained economist who is a trusted confidant of Xi’s, has emerged as the front-runner to be the next governor of the central bank, the People’s Bank of China, according to three sources with knowledge of the situation. While the party makes such decisions, they need to be voted on by parliament, though as parliament is stacked with loyal party members they will not vote against party decisions. Parliament will also vote to amend the constitution to make reference to Xi’s political thought and to set up a constitutional framework for a new anti-corruption body. Plenums typically do not happen so close to the opening of parliament’s annual session nor so close together, though Xi has repeatedly shown a willingness to break with precedents since he took office more than five years ago. The last plenum was just over a month ago, which discussed the constitutional amendments. 
967338537296257024	2018-02-24 10:00:54	https://t.co/iMzT6NpBkR	South Sudan military officers may have committed war crimes: U.N. https://t.co/iMzT6NpBkR	 NAIROBI (Reuters) - U.N. investigators said on Friday they had identified more than 40 South Sudanese military officers who may be responsible for war crimes and crimes against humanity. It was a sharp departure from previous U.N. reports that documented crimes but not perpetrators. Oil-rich South Sudan gained independence from neighboring Sudan in 2011 but slid into civil war in December 2013. More than 4 million people, a third of the population, have been uprooted by violence. The investigators from the U.N. Commission on Human Rights in South Sudan said their findings are based on interviews with hundreds of witnesses, satellite imagery and nearly 60,000 documents dating to the outbreak of the war. Their report, released on Friday, makes the case for“individual command responsibility for widespread or systematic attacks on civilians” by senior military officers, including eight lieutenant generals, and by three state governors. A government spokesman said they were willing to hold people to account for any crimes.“The government will prosecute anyone responsible for any crimes. This is a responsible government,” foreign affairs spokesman Mawien Makol told Reuters. So far, there have been very few prosecutions of South Sudanese military or government officials for crimes against civilians. The U.N. report details what it calls“appalling instances of cruelty against civilians who have had their eyes gouged out, their throats slit, or been castrated.” It said such violence occurred during five major battles between government troops and rebels in 2016 and 2017. The report contains testimony from a mother who witnessed her son forced to rape his grandmother while his family was held hostage, and an 85-year-old woman who said she was gang-raped before watching the execution of her husband and son. It also documents what commission member Andrew Clapham called“a clear pattern of ethnic persecution, for the most part by government forces who should be pursued for crimes against humanity”. The conflict has pitted President Salva Kiir Mayardit’s ethnic Dinka community, to which most of his army commanders belong, against Nuer rebels under his ex-deputy Riek Machar. Whether the investigators’ evidence will result in prosecutions depends on the African Union. Under a 2015 peace deal that fell apart in 2016, the AU and South Sudan were supposed to set up a“hybrid court”, consisting of South Sudanese and other African judges, to try atrocities. A year ago, the U.N. commission said the AU was making itself complicit in South Sudan’s bloodshed by failing to set up the court. It called again on Friday for the court to be established. “The court could be set up straight away and the prosecutor could begin working on indictments,” said commission chief Yasmin Sooka.“Under the peace agreement those indicted can no longer hold or stand for office.” Elections are due this year, according to the 2015 peace pact. But governments, including the United States, are trying - so far to no avail - to get the warring sides to observe a ceasefire before any vote is held. 
967335434488565760	2018-02-24 09:48:34	https://t.co/CFMf4PUzzV	Philippine Catholics protest drug killings, death penalty https://t.co/CFMf4PUzzV	 MANILA (Reuters) - Around a thousand Catholics in the Philippines marched in Manila on Saturday to protest President Rodrigo Duterte’s bloody war on drugs and his efforts to reinstate the death penalty. The protests come a day after students in the capital and provincial universities held demonstrations against Duterte, and a day before the 32nd anniversary of the“People Power” revolution that drove dictator Ferdinand Marcos into exile. Catholic devotees prayed the rosary and sang hymns as bishops and the Philippines’ own cardinal read sermons against what they say are not“pro-life” policies in the government. The protesters carried banners and placards with the massage“Protect and Defend the Sanctity of Life and Marriage,”“End Impunity” and“Stop the Killings.” Despite criticism of the Philippine leader’s bloody war on drugs campaign, Duterte remains wildly popular and a trusted public official in the Southeast Asian nation. The Social Weather Station’s (SWS) latest quarterly poll shows Duterte’s trust rating bounced back to“excellent” in December from“very high” three months before. Another survey by the privately-run pollster gave his government the best rating so far for a Philippine administration since surveys started in the 1980s. The Catholic Church protested the pending bills in Congress introducing divorce and re-imposing capital punishment. The majority of the Philippines’ 105 million people are Catholic. Despite the popularity of the anti-drugs crackdown, some sectors of the church have become increasingly vocal on the drugs killings, with the church calling for justice and offering sanctuary to drug users. “The threat is still there. We still hear news of extrajudicial killings. And still the bill of the death penalty is in Congress,” said Broderick Pabillo, Manila auxillary bishop. More than 4,000 suspected drug dealers have been killed since Duterte took office in June 2016. Police said the killings resulted from self-defense during raids and sting operations. 
967335187129479170	2018-02-24 09:47:35	https://t.co/9tZ81IUHOA	Apple moves to store iCloud keys in China, raising human rights fears https://t.co/9tZ81IUHOA https://t.co/jPBLnw6Iqc	 SAN FRANCISCO/BEIJING (Reuters) - When Apple Inc begins hosting Chinese users’ iCloud accounts in a new Chinese data center at the end of this month to comply with new laws there, Chinese authorities will have far easier access to text messages, email and other data stored in the cloud. That’s because of a change to how the company handles the cryptographic keys needed to unlock an iCloud account. Until now, such keys have always been stored in the United States, meaning that any government or law enforcement authority seeking access to a Chinese iCloud account needed to go through the U.S. legal system. Now, according to Apple, for the first time the company will store the keys for Chinese iCloud accounts in China itself. That means Chinese authorities will no longer have to use the U.S. courts to seek information on iCloud users and can instead use their own legal system to ask Apple to hand over iCloud data for Chinese users, legal experts said. Human rights activists say they fear the authorities could use that power to track down dissidents, citing cases from more than a decade ago in which Yahoo Inc handed over user data that led to arrests and prison sentences for two democracy advocates. Jing Zhao, a human rights activist and Apple shareholder, said he could envisage worse human rights issues arising from Apple handing over iCloud data than occurred in the Yahoo case. In a statement, Apple said it had to comply with recently introduced Chinese laws that require cloud services offered to Chinese citizens be operated by Chinese companies and that the data be stored in China. It said that while the company’s values don’t change in different parts of the world, it is subject to each country’s laws. “While we advocated against iCloud being subject to these laws, we were ultimately unsuccessful,” it said. Apple said it decided it was better to offer iCloud under the new system because discontinuing it would lead to a bad user experience and actually lead to less data privacy and security for its Chinese customers. As a result, Apple has established a data center for Chinese users in a contractual arrangement with state-owned firm Guizhou - Cloud Big Data Industry Co Ltd. The firm was set up and funded by the provincial government in the relatively poor southwestern Chinese province of Guizhou in 2014. The Guizhou company has close ties to the Chinese government and the Chinese Communist Party. The Apple decision highlights a difficult reality for many U.S. technology companies operating in China. If they don’t accept demands to partner with Chinese companies and store data in China then they risk losing access to the lucrative Chinese market, despite fears about trade secret theft and the rights of Chinese customers. Apple says the joint venture does not mean that China has any kind of“backdoor” into user data and that Apple alone – not its Chinese partner – will control the encryption keys. But Chinese customers will notice some differences from the start: their iCloud accounts will now be co-branded with the name of the local partner, a first for Apple. And even though Chinese iPhones will retain the security features that can make it all but impossible for anyone, even Apple, to get access to the phone itself, that will not apply to the iCloud accounts. Any information in the iCloud account could be accessible to Chinese authorities who can present Apple with a legal order. Apple said it will only respond to valid legal requests in China, but China’s domestic legal process is very different than that in the U.S., lacking anything quite like an American“warrant” reviewed by an independent court, Chinese legal experts said. Court approval isn’t required under Chinese law and police can issue and execute warrants. “Even very early in a criminal investigation, police have broad powers to collect evidence,” said Jeremy Daum, an attorney and research fellow at Yale Law School’s Paul Tsai China Center in Beijing. “(They are) authorized by internal police procedures rather than independent court review, and the public has an obligation to cooperate.” Guizhou - Cloud Big Data and China’s cyber and industry regulators did not immediately respond to requests for comment. The Guizhou provincial government said it had no specific comment. There are few penalties for breaking what rules do exist around obtaining warrants in China. And while China does have data privacy laws, there are broad exceptions when authorities investigate criminal acts, which can include undermining communist values,“picking quarrels” online, or even using a virtual private network to browse the Internet privately. Apple says the cryptographic keys stored in China will be specific to the data of Chinese customers, meaning Chinese authorities can’t ask Apple to use them to decrypt data in other countries like the United States. Privacy lawyers say the changes represent a big downgrade in protections for Chinese customers. “The U.S. standard, when it’s a warrant and when it’s properly executed, is the most privacy-protecting standard,” said Camille Fischer of the Electronic Frontier Foundation. Apple has given its Chinese users notifications about the Feb. 28 switchover to the Chinese data center in the form of emailed warnings and so-called push alerts, reminding users that they can choose to opt out of iCloud and store information solely on their device. The change only affects users who set China as their country on Apple devices and doesn’t affect users who select Hong Kong, Macau or Taiwan. Apple doesn’t require an iCloud account to set up and use an iPhone. But if the user enables iCloud during set up, the default settings on the iPhone will automatically create an iCloud back-up. Apple declined to comment on whether it would change its default settings to make iCloud an opt-in service, rather than opt-out, for Chinese users. Apple said it will not switch customers’ accounts to the Chinese data center until they agree to new terms of service and that more than 99.9 percent of current users have already done so. Until now, Apple appears to have handed over very little data about Chinese users. From mid-2013 to mid-2017, Apple said it did not give customer account content to Chinese authorities, despite having received 176 requests, according to transparency reports published by the company. By contrast, Apple has given the United States customer account content in response to 2,366 out of 8,475 government requests. Those figures are from before the Chinese cyber security laws took effect and also don’t include special national security requests in which U.S. officials might have requested data about Chinese nationals. Apple, along with other companies, is prevented by law from disclosing the targets of those requests. Apple said requests for data from the new Chinese datacenter will be reflected in its transparency reports and that it won’t respond to“bulk” data requests. Human rights activists say they are also concerned about such a close relationship with a state-controlled entity like Guizhou-Cloud Big Data. Sharon Hom, executive director of Human Rights in China, said the Chinese Communist Party could also pressure Apple through a committee of members it will have within the company. These committees have been pushing for more influence over decision making within foreign-invested companies in the past couple of years. (Corrects paragraph 7 to read“contractual arrangement” instead of“joint venture”; corrects to show that Apple does not require an iCloud account to set up an iPhone) 
967332589915791360	2018-02-24 09:37:16	https://t.co/UpIThO4xUZ	Olympics: Curling - Sth Koreans pray Garlic Girls can score crushing victory https://t.co/UpIThO4xUZ https://t.co/tA8zlWVaf5	 sUISEONG/GANGNEUNG, South Korea (Reuters) - Ninety-two-year-old Kim Won-hee doesn’t know much about the sport of curling, but she and millions of other South Koreans are counting on her granddaughter, skipper of the“Garlic Girls”, to lead the nation to an historic gold medal on Sunday. The nation has embraced its women’s curling team like no other local athlete, inspired by their journey from a garlic-growing county to the pinnacle of the Winter Olympics, the first Asian team to make the sport’s gold-medal playoff. The Garlic Girls’ skipper, Kim Eun-jung, 27, and her four teammates are famous for their girl-next-door looks, but the skip has her own special brand of celebrity — thanks to a pair of Harry Potter spectacles and her death-stare concentration. That steely determination seems to run in the family. “She has to win the gold medal,” her grandmother told Reuters Television in her home in central Uiseong, which has a banner over the main road reading:“We Support National Curling Player Kim Eun-jung” “The gold medal is what we need,” she stressed again, as she gripped a curling broom with the label“Team Kim”. On her side table sits a picture of her granddaughter, also holding a curling broom, with her family in a garlic field. The team face Sweden on Sunday in a playoff that is destined to be South Korea’s biggest TV audience for curling and one of its largest for any moment of the Pyeongchang Winter Games. Four of the five team members grew up in garlic-growing Uiseong county, which decided a decade ago to build the country’s first curling rink. The skipper and one of her teammates, Kim Yeong-mi, were close high-school friends who started curling together as an after-class activity. Uiseong’s early adoption of the sport has led to the Garlic Girls blazing a trail for curling, a sport born centuries ago in Scotland and which has now caught fire in South Korea. Kim Eun-Jung’s family still farms garlic and her uncle Kim Kwang-il remembers her as a girl who worked hard at school, helped tend the fields and threw herself into curling. “I’m very proud and thankful. She’s a hard working girl in everything she does — studying, training, helping her family on the field,” the uncle said as he stood in a field where green garlic sprouts were partly covered against the winter cold. “I feel grateful but also I feel for her because of all the hard work she puts in.” At Uiseong Girls High School, alma mater for four of the Garlic Girls, more than 300 fans and a scrum of local media gathered before a big screen on Friday night to watch the team’s nail-biting victory against Japan. South Korea has produced many world-class athletes from women’s golfer Pak Se-ri to figure skater Kim Yuna, but few have come from as far left field as the Garlic Girls. Skipper Kim Eun-jung said Yuna was one of her inspirations to turn her fun pastime into an Olympic pursuit. “I still remember the moment when I watched Kim Yuna performing at the Vancouver Olympics while I was doing curling training,” she told reporters after the victory against Japan. “Back then I just thought what it would be like competing in the Olympics for me.” Her grandmother still doesn’t understand the sport well but is very proud of her famous youngster. “At first I didn’t even know what curling was but her parents were busy giving her rides there (to the rink) and back and she kept coming back with medals, but I couldn’t understand what it was. Granny didn’t know. “I still don’t understand what they are doing.” 
967330215776210944	2018-02-24 09:27:50	https://t.co/jaJjk6IxM9	China's Communist Party to meet ahead of government reshuffle https://t.co/jaJjk6IxM9	 BEIJING (Reuters) - China’s ruling Communist Party will hold a three-day meeting of its top officials starting on Monday to discuss deepening of reform, and will also likely decide on key personnel decisions ahead of a government reshuffle next month. In a statement on Saturday following a meeting chaired by President Xi Jinping, who is also head of the party, the official Xinhua news agency said the party’s Central Committee would hold a plenary session from Feb. 26 to Feb. 28. The Central Committee is the largest of the party’s elite decision-making bodies, and is made up of 204 full members and about 170 alternate members. The meeting overseen by Xi discussed proposals about deepening of reform for government bodies, which will be put to the plenum for formal approval. It did not give details of what those reforms would entail. The statement said China needs to“further supply-side structural reform” and“deepen reform in keep areas”, and“boost consumption and effective investment”. It also said the government“needs to maintain the continuity and sustainability of its economic policy.” China will also continue to adopt a proactive fiscal policy and a prudent monetary policy to fulfill its 2018 economic and social development goals, Xinhua added. China’s economy grew 6.9 percent in 2017, the first annual acceleration in economic growth since 2010. This will be the third plenary session of the party since a party congress ended in October with a slew of new senior party posts announced. The overseas edition of the party’s People’s Daily said on its WeChat account that since 1978, third plenums have traditionally been about deepening reform, and everyone should“pay close attention” to what message on reform this plenum puts out. This year marks 40 years since China began landmark economic reforms following the chaos of the Cultural Revolution. While important party posts were unveiled at the party congress in October, government positions still need to be finally decided and formally voted on at the annual session of the largely rubber-stamp parliament which opens on March 5. Posts that parliament will need to give its official approval for include cabinet positions such as for premier and ministers and also the chiefs of regulators like the central bank. Liu He, a Harvard-trained economist who is a trusted confidant of Xi’s, has emerged as the front-runner to be the next governor of the central bank, the People’s Bank of China, according to three sources with knowledge of the situation. While the party makes such decisions, they need to be voted on by parliament, though as parliament is stacked with loyal party members they will not vote against party decisions. Parliament will also vote to amend the constitution to make reference to Xi’s political thought and to set up a constitutional framework for a new anti-corruption body. Plenums typically do not happen so close to the opening of parliament’s annual session nor so close together, though Xi has repeatedly shown a willingness to break with precedents since he took office more than five years ago. The last plenum was just over a month ago, which discussed the constitutional amendments. 
967326521189953537	2018-02-24 09:13:09	https://t.co/SuVogfGIeq	Russian bobsledder Nadezhda Sergeeva admits anti-doping violation - CAS https://t.co/SuVogfGIeq by @mitchphilllips… https://t.co/UGQaXpYvGL	 PYEONGCHANG, South Korea (Reuters) - Russian bobsledder Nadezhda Sergeeva has admitted an anti-doping violation and has been disqualified from the Winter Olympics, the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) said on Saturday. As the International Olympic Committee (IOC) were meeting to discuss Russia’s possible Olympic reinstatement, CAS said in a statement that Sergeeva had tested positive in an out-of-competition test for the banned heart condition product trimetazidine two days before her race. Sergeeva finished 12th with Anastasia Kocherzhova in the women’s bobsleigh competition in Pyeongchang on Wednesday. “The athlete has admitted the anti-doping rule violation; she is disqualified from the women’s bobsleigh event,” it said. “The results obtained by the team at the same event are disqualified with all resulting consequences; the athlete is excluded from Pyeongchang 2018; her accreditation shall be withdrawn. “These proceedings shall continue before the CAS between the IBSF (International Bobsleigh and Skeleton Federation) and the athlete after the end of the Games; the IOC is no longer a party to this procedure. “The athlete has accepted a provisional suspension beyond the period of the Games and reserved her‘rights to seek the elimination or reduction of the ineligibility period’ following the conclusion of the Games.” Russian bobsleigh official Sergei Zhurkin told reporters at the Olympic sliding center:“At this moment she can’t say where she made a mistake. “In my opinion, maybe since the dose is very small that even means that she didn’t drink the pill. As the doctors said, she could have got sprayed or smelled something or licked something. This is how minimal the dose is. “Possibly she kept the pills that are allowed in the same container that was, somewhere, at some point, tainted. “These are just my guesses. It’s hard to say now. The doctors are investigating and probably all the medications that she had will be sent into the investigation as well as the container in which they were kept.” However, Stanislav Pozdnyakov, head of the Russian delegation in Pyeongchang, said the positive test was a result of negligence by Sergeeva, who had“let the team down”. Pozdnyakov said he had apologized to the IOC for the Russian’s two doping violations but said they did not have a systematic character. Saturday’s announcement comes after Russian curler Alexander Krushelnitsky agreed to hand back his mixed-team bronze medal after testing positive for meldonium, which can aid in endurance. It also came while the IOC’s executive board was meeting to discuss whether to lift the suspension of Russia’s Olympic committee and allow them to march with the Russian flag at Sunday’s closing ceremony. If the suspension is not lifted, the athletes will march behind the Olympic flag and in neutral uniforms, as they did for the opening ceremony. 
967319954516299776	2018-02-24 08:47:03	https://t.co/8gbMmeooaS	Switzerland pip Austria to win inaugural team gold https://t.co/8gbMmeooaS by @nickmulvenney #PyeongChang2018. More… https://t.co/vhzBYVUO8B	 PYEONGCHANG, South Korea (Reuters) - Pyeongchang individual medalists Wendy Holdener and Ramon Zenhaeusern led the way as Switzerland beat Austria 3-1 in a final showdown of traditional Alpine powerhouses to win the inaugural team gold at the Winter Olympics on Saturday. Austria, without their double gold medalist Marcel Hirscher, took silver with the bronze going to Norway when they edged France on time differential after a 2-2 draw in the“small” final at the Yongpyong Alpine Centre. Norway’s 38th medal in all sports at the Pyeongchang Games saw the Scandinavian nation surpass the tally of the United States at the 2010 Vancouver Games to become the most successful nation in terms of total medals at a single Winter Olympics. The final event in the Alpine schedule brought mixed sex competition and parallel slalom to the Games for the first time and the knockout format ensured plenty of thrills, even if some of the sport’s bigger names had declined to take part. Men’s giant slalom and combined champion Hirscher was among them, deciding to focus instead on his bid for a record seventh successive World Cup overall title, but Austria still swept through their three ties to reach the final. They more than met their match in the Swiss, however, with men’s slalom silver medalist Zenhaeusern leading the fightback after they had gone 1-0 down in the title match when Denise Feierabend lost to Katharina Liensberger. The“two-meter man” would have beaten Michael Matt even if the Austrian, bronze medalist behind Zenhaeusern in the slalom, had not missed a gate to be disqualified. Holdener, who won silver in the slalom and bronze in the combined, then took up the Swiss standard to comfortably better Katharina Gallhuber, a bronze medalist in the slalom, by a tenth of a second to put the Swiss 2-1 up. The gold medal came down to the men’s clash between Daniel Yule and Marco Schwartz and it was secured when the Austrian made an error halfway down the slope and skied out. “We had a cool team, the spirit was really there. We knew we had a good chance of a medal and we went for it,” Holdener told reporters. “For me it was really nice after a silver and bronze here, now I have one of every color. A really special three weeks for me.” The first new event since super-G joined the Alpine program at Calgary three decades ago, each tie had two heats for men and two for women racers with the times of the fastest of each sex for each nation combined to decide draws. “I think it’s a really fun event. It’s new and we’re still working out the kinks,” American Megan McJames said.“But both racing someone head-on-head and being able to train and race with the boys is super fun.” The United States, without Mikaela Shiffron, Lindsey Vonn and Ted Ligety, were, however, knocked out in the first round on overall time by Britain after a 2-2 draw in their tie. Sweden were among the favorites with both Pyeongchang slalom champions, Andre Myhrer and Frida Hansdotter, in their team but they were thrashed 4-0 by a clinical Austrian outfit in the quarter-finals. “We had a tough draw with Sweden in the second so I thought we did very well,” Matt said. “The course is short so you have to be more precise than the slalom and GS. It’s a cool event that should be continued.” Norway also ended the Olympics of the British skiers on time differential in the last eight despite Dave Ryding winning the final heat for a 2-2 draw. The Norwegians were unable to make it past the Austrians in the semi-finals, however, and it took a brilliant final run by Leif Kristian Nestvold-Haugen to beat Clement Noel by three 10ths of a second to secure the bronze and claim the record. “It’s very humbling,” Nestvold-Haugen said. “Even underneath the skisuit I get goosebumps talking about it, that the Alpine team of Norway could get that 38th medal.” 
967301512882982912	2018-02-24 07:33:46	https://t.co/jHesELCmDw	Australian PM declines to offer Trump any advice on gun control https://t.co/jHesELCmDw	 MELBOURNE (Reuters) - Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has declined to offer U.S. President Donald Trump any advice on gun control days after the latest mass shooting at a U.S. school, despite Australia’s success in cutting gun violence. Australia has some of the world’s toughest gun control laws, introduced after its worst mass murder, when a gunman killed 35 people at Port Arthur in the island state of Tasmania in 1996. Australia has had no mass shootings since then. But Turnbull, who met Trump for talks in Washington on Friday, said he was not going to offer the United States any advice on the issue, which is dividing Americans. “It’s a completely different context historically, legally and so forth,” Turnbull told a news conference following talks in the White House, adding that he was satisfied with Australia’s gun control. “We certainly don’t presume to provide policy or political advice on that matter here,” Turnbull said, according to a transcript of the news conference released by the prime minister’s office. The issue of gun control in the United States became the focus of renewed debate on Feb. 14, when a former student killed 17 people at school in Florida with a semi-automatic AR-15 rifle he had bought legally. Australia has banned all semi-automatic rifles and all semi-automatic and pump-action shotguns, and has a restrictive system of licensing and ownership controls. Australia’s system has been held up by many as an example of how gun controls in the United States should be tightened. Trump has suggested arming teachers as a way of curbing gun violence in schools. On bilateral relations, Turnbull said his meeting with Trump had“deepened” the relationship between the allies. The two leaders discussed North Korea, with Turnbull expressing supported for U.S. sanctions and economic ties. Turnbull praised Trump’s recent tax cuts for businesses, something he is trying to replicate in Australia although he is struggling to gain the support needed from opposition parties. Relations between the two got off to a rocky start in February 2017 when Trump berated Turnbull over a bilateral refugee agreement, before abruptly ending their telephone conversation, according to an leaked transcript of the call. 
967299370742935552	2018-02-24 07:25:16	https://t.co/LX0zHaAxyN	Militants attack Afghan army post killing 18 soldiers https://t.co/LX0zHaAxyN	 LASHKAR GAH, Afghanistan (Reuters) - A series of militant attacks in Afghanistan killed more than 20 people, officials said on Saturday, ahead of an international meeting next week aimed at building diplomatic support for hoped-for peace talks with the Taliban. Taliban militants attacked an Afghan army post overnight on Friday, killing 18 government soldiers, while a suicide bomber in the capital killed three people and wounded five, and separate attacks in Helmand killed at least three others. The attacks came as a high-level NATO delegation visited Afghanistan, pledging support for President Ashraf Ghani’s government, which on Wednesday hosts the latest in a series of diplomatic meetings aimed at laying the groundwork for a possible political process involving the Taliban. Violence has intensified in Afghanistan since U.S. President Donald Trump in August unveiled a more aggressive strategy, with U.S.-led forces carrying out more air strikes, and the Taliban responding with bombs, ambushes and raids. The Taliban, fighting to drive out foreign forces and re-impose its version of strict Islamic law, said in a statement it had attacked a government army post overnight on Friday in the western province of Farah. Government officials confirmed the attack. “A large number of Taliban attacked an army outpost and we lost 18 soldiers and two were wounded,” said government spokesman Dawlat Waziri. On Saturday a bomber blew himself up on a road in Kabul near an office of the Afghan intelligence services, the latest in a spate of attacks in the city in which hundreds of people have been killed and wounded. Islamic State claimed responsibility in a message carried by its Amaq news agency. The capital has been on high alert since a Taliban suicide bomber blew up an explosive-packed ambulance on a busy street on Jan. 27, killing more than 100 people and wounding at least 235. A week earlier, militants had killed more than 20 people, including four Americans, in an attack on one of the city’s top hotels. The Taliban claimed that attack too. General John Nicholson, the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan, said NATO would help authorities improve security in the capital as well as aiding Afghan forces in pressuring the insurgents with air strikes. “We expect the enemy to continue with these horrendous attacks,” Nicholson said, but added there had been a“lowering of ambition” by the Taliban which he said had given up trying to seize cities or whole provinces in favor of soft civilian targets. “The Taliban cannot win and their best hope for the future is to engage in reconciliation,” Nicholson told reporters at a news conference in Kabul. Although there appears to be no immediate prospect of any negotiations with the insurgents, officials say low-level contacts, aimed at establishing the basis for future talks, have been going on behind the scenes. “Talks about those - beginning talks are certainly in the works in different forms,” Kay Bailey Hutchison, the U.S. permanent representative to NATO, said.“So don’t think that nothing is happening. A lot is happening in a very beginning stage ... of a way forward.” Islamic State’s Afghan affiliate, which first appeared near the border with Pakistan in 2015, has become increasingly active and has claimed several recent attacks, although Nicholson said its strength had been severely diminished and the movement had only between 1,500 and 2,000 fighters. “We have cut their numbers in half over the last two years,” he said. Most fighters were Pakistani militants, with no sign of the flood of foreign fighters seen in Syria and Iraq. 
967285550779641856	2018-02-24 06:30:21	https://t.co/qBMLPMFpCz	Dropbox files for IPO of up to $500 million https://t.co/qBMLPMFpCz https://t.co/PMCbfVPODW	 (Reuters) - Data-sharing business Dropbox Inc on Friday filed for an initial public offering of up to $500 million with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The San Francisco-based company, which started as a free service to share and store photos, music and other large files, competes with much larger technology firms such as Alphabet Inc’s (GOOGL.O) Google, Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O) and Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) as well as cloud-storage rival Box Inc (BOX.N). It plans to have its common stock listed on Nasdaq under the ticker symbol "DBX." (bit.ly/2omUnih) In its regulatory filing, Dropbox reported 2017 revenue of $1.11 billion, up 31 percent from $844.8 million a year earlier. The company’s net loss narrowed to $111.7 million in 2017 from $210.2 million in 2016. “With over a $1 billion in revenues it speaks to Dropbox’s success over the past few years and is an impressive number in a fertile space,” said Daniel Ives at research firm GBH Insights.“Dropbox’s business model has scaled successfully.” The company’s biggest challenge is explaining to Wall Street what differentiates Dropbox from its many competitors, Box Chief Executive Aaron Levie told Reuters on Friday. “If Dropbox continues to focus on their user experience, they’ll be able to compete successfully for consumers and professionals,” Levie said. Dropbox, which has 11 million paying users across 180 countries, said that about half of its 2017 revenue came from customers outside the United States. Goldman Sachs & Co, JPMorgan and Deutsche Bank Securities are some of the leading underwriters for the IPO. The amount of money a company says it plans to raise in its first IPO filing is usually a temporary placeholder. 
967272900964290560	2018-02-24 05:40:05	https://t.co/wfn1pnVTcV	NRA honors FCC chair with rifle for repealing 'net neutrality' https://t.co/wfn1pnVTcV https://t.co/pbQufvTi0r	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The National Rifle Association (NRA) on Friday honored the head of the Federal Communications Commission with a rifle after braving death threats and other opposition as he worked to undo the Obama administration’s 2015 net neutrality rules. FCC Chairman Ajit Pai was honored at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) in Oxon Hill, Maryland, by the NRA with the“Charlton Heston Courage Under Fire Award,” an honor named for the late actor who was an NRA president. The award is a Kentucky long rifle that will stay at the NRA’s museum in Fairfax, Virginia. The NRA was not allowed to bring the weapon on stage, said Carolyn Meadows, an NRA official. It was not immediately clear why the NRA was not able to present the long gun to the FCC chairman. The FCC, CPAC and the NRA did not immediately respond to questions. A Reuters reporter at the event said there were no visible prohibitions against weapons at the event but metal detectors were present before President Donald Trump’s address earlier on Friday. At the event, Pai defended his aggressive approach to undoing numerous telecommunications regulations put in place under former President Barack Obama. “Some people urged me to go for sacrifice bunts and singles and try to nibble around the edges — make some minor changes,” Pai said.“But I don’t play small ball.” Pai canceled his appearance in January at a large consumer electronics event in Las Vegas after receiving deaths threats, sources told Reuters. The repeal of the net neutrality rules was a victory for internet service providers like AT&T Inc (T.N), Comcast Corp (CMCSA.O) and Verizon Communications Inc (VZ.N), conferring power over what content consumers can access and allowing them to offer paid fast lanes for certain content. On the other side, technology companies including Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O) and Facebook Inc (FB.O) have thrown their weight behind the congressional bid to reverse the net neutrality repeal. On Thursday, 22 state attorneys general filed sued to block the repeal. Fight for the Future, a group that backs net neutrality, said in a tweet the NRA gave Pai an award that will“allow Internet service providers (ISPs) to censor websites and information about guns.” Several corporations have cut ties with the NRA after the group launched a counter-offensive against a student-led campaign for tighter U.S. gun ownership laws after a gunman killed 17 people at a Florida high-school. Insurer Chubb Ltd (CB.N) said on Friday that it would stop underwriting an NRA-branded insurance policy for gun owners that covers legal costs in self-defense shootings. Insurance company MetLife Inc (MET.N) ended an auto and home incentive program for NRA members, while several rental car companies announced they were ending discount programs for NRA members. (This version of the story corrects“Oxon Hills” to Oxon Hill.) 
967270436512976896	2018-02-24 05:30:17	https://t.co/wWEdJ4odS7	Apple moves to store iCloud keys in China, raising human rights fears https://t.co/wWEdJ4odS7 https://t.co/ZAM4gIKCrI	 SAN FRANCISCO/BEIJING (Reuters) - When Apple Inc begins hosting Chinese users’ iCloud accounts in a new Chinese data center at the end of this month to comply with new laws there, Chinese authorities will have far easier access to text messages, email and other data stored in the cloud. That’s because of a change to how the company handles the cryptographic keys needed to unlock an iCloud account. Until now, such keys have always been stored in the United States, meaning that any government or law enforcement authority seeking access to a Chinese iCloud account needed to go through the U.S. legal system. Now, according to Apple, for the first time the company will store the keys for Chinese iCloud accounts in China itself. That means Chinese authorities will no longer have to use the U.S. courts to seek information on iCloud users and can instead use their own legal system to ask Apple to hand over iCloud data for Chinese users, legal experts said. Human rights activists say they fear the authorities could use that power to track down dissidents, citing cases from more than a decade ago in which Yahoo Inc handed over user data that led to arrests and prison sentences for two democracy advocates. Jing Zhao, a human rights activist and Apple shareholder, said he could envisage worse human rights issues arising from Apple handing over iCloud data than occurred in the Yahoo case. In a statement, Apple said it had to comply with recently introduced Chinese laws that require cloud services offered to Chinese citizens be operated by Chinese companies and that the data be stored in China. It said that while the company’s values don’t change in different parts of the world, it is subject to each country’s laws. “While we advocated against iCloud being subject to these laws, we were ultimately unsuccessful,” it said. Apple said it decided it was better to offer iCloud under the new system because discontinuing it would lead to a bad user experience and actually lead to less data privacy and security for its Chinese customers. As a result, Apple has established a data center for Chinese users in a contractual arrangement with state-owned firm Guizhou - Cloud Big Data Industry Co Ltd. The firm was set up and funded by the provincial government in the relatively poor southwestern Chinese province of Guizhou in 2014. The Guizhou company has close ties to the Chinese government and the Chinese Communist Party. The Apple decision highlights a difficult reality for many U.S. technology companies operating in China. If they don’t accept demands to partner with Chinese companies and store data in China then they risk losing access to the lucrative Chinese market, despite fears about trade secret theft and the rights of Chinese customers. Apple says the joint venture does not mean that China has any kind of“backdoor” into user data and that Apple alone – not its Chinese partner – will control the encryption keys. But Chinese customers will notice some differences from the start: their iCloud accounts will now be co-branded with the name of the local partner, a first for Apple. And even though Chinese iPhones will retain the security features that can make it all but impossible for anyone, even Apple, to get access to the phone itself, that will not apply to the iCloud accounts. Any information in the iCloud account could be accessible to Chinese authorities who can present Apple with a legal order. Apple said it will only respond to valid legal requests in China, but China’s domestic legal process is very different than that in the U.S., lacking anything quite like an American“warrant” reviewed by an independent court, Chinese legal experts said. Court approval isn’t required under Chinese law and police can issue and execute warrants. “Even very early in a criminal investigation, police have broad powers to collect evidence,” said Jeremy Daum, an attorney and research fellow at Yale Law School’s Paul Tsai China Center in Beijing. “(They are) authorized by internal police procedures rather than independent court review, and the public has an obligation to cooperate.” Guizhou - Cloud Big Data and China’s cyber and industry regulators did not immediately respond to requests for comment. The Guizhou provincial government said it had no specific comment. There are few penalties for breaking what rules do exist around obtaining warrants in China. And while China does have data privacy laws, there are broad exceptions when authorities investigate criminal acts, which can include undermining communist values,“picking quarrels” online, or even using a virtual private network to browse the Internet privately. Apple says the cryptographic keys stored in China will be specific to the data of Chinese customers, meaning Chinese authorities can’t ask Apple to use them to decrypt data in other countries like the United States. Privacy lawyers say the changes represent a big downgrade in protections for Chinese customers. “The U.S. standard, when it’s a warrant and when it’s properly executed, is the most privacy-protecting standard,” said Camille Fischer of the Electronic Frontier Foundation. Apple has given its Chinese users notifications about the Feb. 28 switchover to the Chinese data center in the form of emailed warnings and so-called push alerts, reminding users that they can choose to opt out of iCloud and store information solely on their device. The change only affects users who set China as their country on Apple devices and doesn’t affect users who select Hong Kong, Macau or Taiwan. Apple doesn’t require an iCloud account to set up and use an iPhone. But if the user enables iCloud during set up, the default settings on the iPhone will automatically create an iCloud back-up. Apple declined to comment on whether it would change its default settings to make iCloud an opt-in service, rather than opt-out, for Chinese users. Apple said it will not switch customers’ accounts to the Chinese data center until they agree to new terms of service and that more than 99.9 percent of current users have already done so. Until now, Apple appears to have handed over very little data about Chinese users. From mid-2013 to mid-2017, Apple said it did not give customer account content to Chinese authorities, despite having received 176 requests, according to transparency reports published by the company. By contrast, Apple has given the United States customer account content in response to 2,366 out of 8,475 government requests. Those figures are from before the Chinese cyber security laws took effect and also don’t include special national security requests in which U.S. officials might have requested data about Chinese nationals. Apple, along with other companies, is prevented by law from disclosing the targets of those requests. Apple said requests for data from the new Chinese datacenter will be reflected in its transparency reports and that it won’t respond to“bulk” data requests. Human rights activists say they are also concerned about such a close relationship with a state-controlled entity like Guizhou-Cloud Big Data. Sharon Hom, executive director of Human Rights in China, said the Chinese Communist Party could also pressure Apple through a committee of members it will have within the company. These committees have been pushing for more influence over decision making within foreign-invested companies in the past couple of years. (Corrects paragraph 7 to read“contractual arrangement” instead of“joint venture”; corrects to show that Apple does not require an iCloud account to set up an iPhone) 
967263683276689408	2018-02-24 05:03:27	https://t.co/9rb59ZkbJA	Three bombs rock Myanmar's northwestern city Sittwe, policeman injured https://t.co/9rb59ZkbJA	 YANGON (Reuters) - Three bombs rocked the capital of Myanmar’s restive Rakhine State, Sittwe, early on Saturday, police said, adding that a policeman was slightly injured and the authorities were still working to determine who was behind the bombings. The blasts come only three days after a large bomb killed two bank employees and injured nearly two dozen other people in the northeastern city of Lashio, where several ethnic insurgent groups are fighting the Myanmar military. Sittwe is the capital of Myanmar’s violence-torn Rakhine where Rohingya Muslim insurgent attacks last year sparked a massive military response that pushed 688,000 Rohingya across the border into Bangladesh. Many of them recounted killings, rape and arson by Myanmar soldiers and police. One of the Sittwe bombs - which went off around 4:30 a.m. - exploded in the backyard of an outspoken state government secretary, Tin Maung Swe, police said. He is one of the highest-ranking officials in the local administration. The other two bombs exploded near the high court and a land record office. “There’re suspects, but now is not the time to talk. Police are trying to make sure about the suspects by analyzing the structure of the bombs,” police spokesman Colonel Myo Thu Soe, told Reuters by phone. Myo Thu Soe also said three other unexploded hand-made bombs were found in the city. The United Nations and the United States have called the crackdown on the Rohingya ethnic cleansing, but the government of Nobel laureate Aung San Suu Kyi has blocked U.N. investigators and other independent monitors from the conflict zone. Myanmar says its forces have been engaged in a legitimate campaign against Muslim“terrorists”. No one has claimed responsibility for the Saturday blasts. The twitter account of the Rohingya insurgents, the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army, did not post anything new as of Saturday mid-morning. Rakhine is also home to the Arakan Army, a Rakhine insurgent group. Tensions have increased in Rakhine since mid-January, when Myanmar police shot dead seven demonstrators, while 12 people were injured in Mrauk U township in the northern part of the state, after a local gathering celebrating an ancient Buddhist Arakan kingdom turned violent. Rakhine police chief Colonel Aung Myat Moe told Reuters that security was being tightened in the city and police were inspecting exit roads out of Sittwe. 
967257803592224768	2018-02-24 04:40:05	https://t.co/0x9Jxww2rU	Corporate partners cut cord with NRA as gun control debate rages https://t.co/0x9Jxww2rU https://t.co/jbMBXa4p1v	 NEW YORK (Reuters) - The fallout over last week’s shooting rampage at a Florida high school started to take its toll on the National Rifle Association’s roster of corporate partners on Friday as a half dozen companies severed marketing ties with the gun advocacy organization. The exodus of corporate names, ranging from a major insurer to car rental brands and a household moving company, occurred after the NRA launched a counter-offensive against a student-led campaign for tighter U.S. gun ownership laws. At the same time, gun control activists are stepping up pressure on Amazon.com Inc and other online streaming platforms to drop the online video channel NRATV, featuring gun-friendly programming produced by the NRA. Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America, founded after 20 first-graders were shot and killed at a Connecticut school in 2012, sent letters to Apple Inc, AT&T Inc, Amazon, Alphabet Inc’s Google and Roku Inc on Friday, asking them to drop NRATV from their platforms. “We have been just disgusted by NRATV since its beginning,” Shannon Watts, founder of the Moms Demand Action group, told Reuters.“It tries to pit Americans against one another, all in an attempt to further their agenda of selling guns.” AT&T said it does not carry NRATV. None of the other companies immediately responded to requests for comment. The issue of gun control, and the NRA’s role in opposing it, became the focus of renewed national debate on Feb. 14, when a former student killed 17 people at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, with an AR-15 assault rifle he had purchased legally. The U.S. Constitution’s Second Amendment protects the right of Americans to bear arms. The NRA, which has long used campaign donations and effective lobbying to command political influence, argues that stricter gun control would erode individual rights. The group has not commented on companies cutting ties. Angry student survivors of the shooting have confronted politicians from state lawmakers to U.S. President Donald Trump himself, demanding stricter gun control laws. In response, the NRA and Trump have suggested arming teachers who have received training to deter attackers, a proposal that has been met with skepticism by teachers unions and gun violence experts. Before the corporate defections, nearly two dozen companies nationwide had offered incentives to NRA members, according to ThinkProgress.com, a news site owned by the Center for American Progress Action Fund. The attrition started late Thursday when three rental car brands owned by Enterprise Holdings Inc said they were ending discount programs, and First National Bank of Omaha said it would not renew the NRA’s contract to issue a co-branded Visa card. By Friday, the list of defectors expanded to include Symantec Corp, which ended an discount program for its LifeLock identity theft product. Home security company SimpliSafe and Hertz Corp also terminated discount programs. Chubb Ltd said it would stop underwriting a NRA-branded insurance policy for gun owners that covers legal costs in self-defense shootings. Another insurer, MetLife Inc, also said it had ended an auto and home incentive program for NRA members. And North American Van Lines said it was scrapping its an affiliate relationship with the NRA. David Hogg, one of the student survivors of last week’s attack who launched the #NeverAgain anti-gun violence movement, said the students would target any company with ties to the NRA, in addition to lawmakers who accept donations. About a dozen other companies with marketing ties to the NRA, including FedEx Corp and Hertz, which offer discount programs, did not respond to requests for comment. Activists have also called on public pension funds to divest from gun maker stocks, which were broadly lower on Friday. Meanwhile, an online campaign using the Twitter hashtag #StopNRAmazon picked up steam, putting pressure on Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos to drop the channel. Many of those tweeting are in the entertainment industry. “Ironic how the @NRA likes to point a finger at what kids watch on TV ... while they spew vile rhetoric on NRAtv, streamed on @Amazon and aimed solely at boosting gun sales,” wrote screenwriter Randi Mayem Singer. Moms Demand Action, which sent the letters to the streaming platform, also posted an online petition using the hashtag #DumpNRATV. “To be affiliated with them, whether you are a company or a lawmaker, it is not going to pay off in the long run,” said Watts, the group’s founder, signaling the start of a broader campaign.“Doing business with the NRA is clearly bad business.” The target of its ire is NRATV, which describes itself as“America’s Most Patriotic Team on a Mission to Take Back The Truth.” The channel features programming that leans heavily on speeches by NRA chief executive Wayne LaPierre and spokeswoman Dana Loesch. Yet another campaign, using the hashtag #BoycottNRA, was the top trending topic on Twitter on Friday morning. The push is the latest effort by social activists to use social media to apply economic pressure to force change. Last April, Fox News parted ways with television host Bill O’Reilly when sponsors started to drop his show in the wake of sexual harassment allegations against him. Similarly the National Football League announced a tougher policy on handling domestic violence accusations against players when its marketing partners applied pressure for changes. (This version of the story corrects first paragraph to say last week’s rampage, not this week’s) 
967255329791774720	2018-02-24 04:30:16	https://t.co/iZeeOd44sK	Commentary: How to stop social media from supercharging hate speech https://t.co/iZeeOd44sK https://t.co/hTxLnXUOQa	 Donald Trump’s retweets of anti-Muslim videos first circulated by an anti-immigrant, far-right British party were just the tip of the iceberg. From Myanmar to the United States, controversial posts by political leaders and public figures have sparked a growing and increasingly global debate about how social media may be facilitating the spread of hatred and discrimination. But this discussion is only the latest in a larger debate that is as old as the internet itself: who should decide the limits of freedom of expression online, and how should they do it? We have come a long way from the days when Facebook, YouTube and Twitter were hailed as enablers of free speech and democracy. Such platforms have undeniably helped to democratize the public sphere. Individuals can amass tens of thousands of followers, and earn millions of views, without relying on the media, public relations agencies, or governments. Activists can organize, disseminate information and mobilize more effectively than ever before. It is a testament to the power of social media that many countries are imposing stricter controls or even blocking their access entirely. We must bear the positive aspects of that power in mind when we consider how best to tackle its flip side: the way social platforms can be used to spread abuse, vitriol and hatred more rapidly than ever before. In 2017, politicians in many countries deployed social media to spread hate-filled agendas. Amnesty International’s latest annual report on the state of the world’s human rights documents a global rise in state-sponsored hate, and chronicles the variety of ways governments and leaders are increasingly peddling hateful rhetoric and policies that seek to demonize already marginalized groups; President Trump’s transparently-hateful travel ban on citizens from half a dozen Muslim-majority countries was one of the most prominent examples. As access to social media expands worldwide, it is increasingly being used by governments to promote hateful rhetoric, to control their citizens, and to silence any opposition. From xenophobic statements by politicians against LGBTI and Roma people in Bulgaria, anti-Rohingya propaganda posted on Facebook by senior military officers and government spokespeople in Myanmar, and the use of troll networks against government critics in the Philippines, those in power are learning how to use social media as yet another tool of repression. These findings present many dilemmas. To what extent are social media companies such as Facebook and Twitter – who have responded only belatedly to the torrent of hate speech and“fake news”– at fault? Should governments take action? What can we do to preserve the good that social media can offer while countering its more corrosive effects? There are no simple answers. The right to free expression protects ideas that many people find offensive, and there are many instances where racist, sexist, xenophobic or other hateful material is not prohibited under human rights law. Nevertheless, freedom of expression comes with responsibilities, and there are cases under human rights law – such as incitement to violence or child sex abuse imagery – where it can legitimately be restricted. Complexities tend to arise because the definition of“offense” is always subjective: one person’s free speech is another’s vicious diatribe. Any attempt at regulation must also consider the fact that the right to be able to say things to which others – including those in positions of power – will vehemently object is one of the foundations of an open society. Take that away and you take away the free press and any kind of government accountability. For all their potential for abuse, social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter provide a space for expression and access to information that is much freer than anything available in the past. Yet, this freedom is fragile – for example, Amnesty’s research has shown that online abuse can have a silencing effect on its targets. So what’s the solution? There are three types of actions that can be taken to counter hate on social media and the internet more generally: legal enforcement, content moderation, and education. States should have in place laws that prohibit advocacy of hatred, and take legal action only in the very clearly-defined cases allowed by international human rights law. Specifically this is when there is a clear show of intent to incite others to discrimination, hostility or violence against a particular group. Nevertheless, many governments have threatened social media companies with strict rules on intermediary liability, which means that companies may be held liable for content posted on their platforms. The problem is that intermediary liability can easily be used to restrict freedom of expression and to force companies to censor their users for fear of legal consequences. Regardless of government regulation, companies have a responsibility to avoid causing or contributing to human rights harms. Content moderation by social media companies is therefore an important part of the solution: it does not require legislation and therefore does not open the doors to unjustified restrictions on freedom of expression. All major platforms have community standards and rules of conduct in place to deal with advocacy of hatred and discrimination, which would work well so long as they did not conflict with human rights law. Making them effective will require social media companies to consistently uphold these rules, and to devote sufficient resources to addressing violations. This means improving the tools available to users to report abusive content, employing and training content moderators, and measures to identify and restrict troll networks. It also requires transparency about the rate at which these rules and standards are violated, including information about types of abuse and actions taken. Reducing the spread of hate on social media also requires education. This is perhaps the most important intervention: legal enforcement and content moderation can only treat the symptoms of online abuse. Whether it is through school programs, or campaigns on social media itself, the only viable long-term way to reduce racism, sexism and bigotry online is by understanding and addressing the roots of discrimination and hate in our societies. 
967237824129978368	2018-02-24 03:20:42	https://t.co/bnMT0CnYgI	Merkel's Bavarian allies warn SPD to stick to deal on migrants https://t.co/bnMT0CnYgI	 BERLIN (Reuters) - Top officials in the Bavarian sister party of Chancellor Angela Merkel’s conservatives on Saturday warned the center-left Social Democrats (SPD) that failure to stick to agreements on migrants could cause the collapse of the potential new German government. SPD members, who have the final say on the coalition agreement for Europe’s largest economy, must vote by March 2 in a postal ballot, with results to be made public on March 4. Bavarian premier Horst Seehofer, who heads Bavaria’s CSU, told the Augsburger Allgemeine newspaper that new legislation was planned to make it easier to return failed asylum seekers to Tunisia, Morocco and Algeria, and to set up migrant centers in border areas until asylum applications could be processed. If the SPD refused to support these laws after agreeing to a coalition,“that would be the end of the government”, Seehofer told the newspaper. He said it would be unacceptable if the SPD did not stick to the agreements made with conservatives. Seehofer, who is expected to become interior minister, told the paper the legislation would be brought in quickly - before the Bavarian state election on Oct. 14. Bavaria’s CSU conservative party, which lost 10 percentage points in September’s national election, has vowed to recapture votes lost to the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) party with a hardline stance on migration and by emphasizing traditional conservative values. As part of the coalition talks, SPD politicians reluctantly agreed to limit future migration to a range of 180,000 to 220,000 after the influx of over a million people in 2015 and 2016. It remains uncertain if SPD members will approve the renewed tie-up with conservatives. If they do not, Germany may well see Merkel form a minority government rather than brave a new election at a time when the anti-immigrant AfD has improved its position in the polls from September’s election. The AfD became the first far-right party to enter parliament in over half a century, buoyed by widespread frustration about Merkel’s decision in 2015 to open the doors to many mainly Muslim migrants. Seehofer also criticized Merkel for her plan to announce ministerial posts for her Christian Democratic Union (CDU) ahead of a party meeting on Feb. 26. “Posts should only be distributed when a government is in place,” he said. He declined to say which politicians from his party would likely get ministerial posts. Bavarian Finance Minister Markus Soeder, who is due to succeed Seehofer as premier, told the Funke Mediengruppe newspaper group the SPD faced a“historic downfall” if members voted against the coalition and a new election was called. He said some SPD politicians were oblivious to the views of working class Germans, the party’s traditional base, especially on the issue of migration. “Many (workers) have the impression that we need to limit migration and that we can’t spend billions on refugees and forget our own population,” he said. A new poll conducted for broadcaster ZDF showed the conservatives with 33 percent support, a gain of 2 points, while the SPD dropped two percentage points to 17 percent. Two-thirds of conservatives and SPD supporters backed a renewal of the coalition that has ruled Germany since 2013, and 78 percent of SPD supporters said they expected members to back a coalition in the postal ballot, the poll showed. 
967235095290630146	2018-02-24 03:09:51	https://t.co/IKbsGJ6jF9	Exclusive: U.S. prepares high-seas crackdown on North Korea sanctions evaders - sourceshttps://t.co/IKbsGJ6jF9 https://t.co/syHaWgS0re	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration and key Asian allies are preparing to expand interceptions of ships suspected of violating sanctions on North Korea, a plan that could include deploying U.S. Coast Guard forces to stop and search vessels in Asia-Pacific waters, senior U.S. officials said. Washington has been talking to regional partners, including Japan, South Korea, Australia and Singapore, about coordinating a stepped-up crackdown that would go further than ever before in an attempt to squeeze Pyongyang’s use of seagoing trade to feed its nuclear missile program, several officials told Reuters. While suspect ships have been intercepted before, the emerging strategy would expand the scope of such operations but stop short of imposing a naval blockade on North Korea. Pyongyang has warned it would consider a blockade an act of war. The strategy calls for closer tracking and possible seizure of ships suspected of carrying banned weapons components and other prohibited cargo to or from North Korea, according to the officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity. Depending on the scale of the campaign, the United States could consider beefing up the naval and air power of its Pacific Command, they said. The U.S.-led initiative, which has not been previously reported, shows Washington’s increasing urgency to force North Korea into negotiations over the abandonment of its weapons programs, the officials said. North Korea may be only a few months away from completing development of a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland, despite existing international sanctions that, at times, have been sidestepped by smuggling and ship-to-ship transfers at sea of banned goods, according to officials. “There is no doubt we all have to do more, short of direct military action, to show (North Korean leader) Kim Jong Un we mean business,” said a senior administration official. The White House declined official comment. The effort could target vessels on the high seas or in the territorial waters of countries that choose to cooperate. It was unclear, however, to what extent the campaign might extend beyond Asia. Washington on Friday slapped sanctions on dozens more companies and vessels linked to North Korean shipping trade and urged the United Nations to blacklist a list of entities, a move it said was aimed at shutting down North Korea’s illicit maritime smuggling activities to obtain oil and sell coal. Tighter sanctions plus a more assertive approach at sea could dial up tensions at a time when fragile diplomacy between North and South Korea has gained momentum. It would also stretch U.S. military resources needed elsewhere, possibly incur massive new costs and fuel misgivings among some countries in the region. The initiative, which is being developed, would be fraught with challenges that could risk triggering North Korean retaliation and dividing the international community. China and Russia, which have blocked U.S. efforts at the United Nations to win approval for use of force in North Korea interdiction operations, are likely to oppose new actions if they see the United States as overstepping. A Chinese official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said such steps should only be taken under United Nations auspices. China’s Foreign Ministry, in a statement to Reuters, said they did not know anything about the plan, but that in principle China believes U.N. resolutions on North Korea should be fully and thoroughly implemented. “At the same time, we hope relevant countries act in accordance with Security Council resolutions and international law,” it added, without elaborating. But Washington is expected to start gradually ratcheting up such operations soon even if discussions with allies have not been completed, according to the senior U.S. official. U.S. experts are developing legal arguments for doing more to stop sanctions-busting vessels, citing the last U.N. Security Council resolution which they say opened the door by calling on states to inspect suspect ships on the high seas or in their waters. Washington is also drawing up rules of engagement aimed at avoiding armed confrontation at sea, the officials said. A Japanese ruling party lawmaker briefed by the government said discussions with the United States were focused on the need for stepped up cooperation on surveillance and information-sharing between Washington, Tokyo and Seoul regarding ship-to-ship transfers suspected of violating sanctions, and on the need to notify authorities in ports of origin. The lawmaker as well as a Japanese defense ministry official involved in policy planning said that under current U.N. sanctions, the agreement of the flag state and ship captain was necessary to conduct inspections on the high seas. “I think it is unlikely that the U.N. will strengthen the sanctions so that inspections on high seas are possible without agreement,” the Japanese defense official said. “From the viewpoint of the country in question, that would be an act of war,” he said, referring to North Korea. U.S. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin told reporters in Washington on Friday the United States does not rule out boarding ships for inspections. But U.S. officials said privately that such action, especially the use of boarding crews, would be decided on a case-by-case and with utmost caution. Some U.S. officials believe the risk could be minimized if Coast Guard cutters, which carry less firepower and technically engage in law-enforcement missions, are used in certain cases rather than warships. The Coast Guard declined to address whether it might deploy ships to the Asia-Pacific region but acknowledged its ties to countries there.“Future ship deployments would depend on U.S. foreign policy objectives and the operational availability of our assets,” said spokesman Lieutenant Commander Dave French. A senior South Korean government official said there had been discussions over“intensified maritime interdictions,” including at a foreign ministers’ meeting in Vancouver last month where U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson pressed counterparts on the issue. “We are discussing with various countries including the U.S. and South Korea how to fully implement the sanctions, but I have not heard talk of creating a framework or a coalition,” said the Japanese defense ministry official involved in policy planning. Japan’s foreign ministry, in reply to a question from Reuters, repeated Tokyo’s call for“maximum pressure” on Pyongyang. The ministry declined to comment on specific discussions with other countries, but said Japan continued its“close collaboration with the U.S., ROK (South Korea) and the international community including China and Russia to secure the effectiveness of U.N. Security Council Resolutions” to achieve the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula. The Trump administration has also sought greater cooperation from Southeast Asian countries, which may have little military capability to assist but are seen as sources of intelligence on ship movements, U.S. officials said. “The more partners we have, the more resources we have to dedicate to the effort,” said Chris Ford, assistant secretary of state for international security and nonproliferation. He declined to talk about discussions with specific countries. Washington is especially interested in detecting of ship-to-ship transfers at sea of banned goods, something North Korea has increasingly resorted to as vessels have faced greater scrutiny of their cargo in Asian ports, the officials said. Reuters reported in December that Russian tankers had supplied fuel to North Korea at sea in a violation of sanctions. Washington also said at the time it had evidence that vessels from several countries, including China, had engaged in shipping oil products and coal. China denied the allegation. U.S. interception of ships close to Chinese waters is something likely to be avoided, in favor of informing Chinese authorities of banned cargo onboard and asking them do the inspection, one official said. “It’s probably impossible to stop everything, but you can raise the cost to North Korea,” said David Shear, former deputy secretary of defense for Asia under President Barack Obama. 
967230925087047680	2018-02-24 02:53:17	https://t.co/G8Uke9rKUj	'Peace Games' are no game-changer for South Koreans https://t.co/G8Uke9rKUj	 GANGNEUNG, South Korea/SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea’s self-styled“Peace Games” have been a sporting success but public reaction suggests it may have failed its bigger test — to generate the support its president needs to make bold moves to improve ties with old enemy North Korea. South Korean President Moon Jae-in has been using the Games, which end on Sunday, to help galvanize the public behind his risky policy of re-engagement with the North, an approach that in the past has ended ultimately in disappointment. A government official voiced surprise at how young South Koreans, seen among Moon’s core supporters, declined to embrace some of his peace push, which featured a joint women’s ice hockey team made up of players from South and North. “When Seoul pursued rapprochement with Pyongyang in the early 2000s, most people were hopeful and by and large behind the government. After a decade of up and downs, we just don’t have that anymore,” the official said on condition of anonymity. “It won’t be easy to seek a fundamental change if that means going against public opinion,” the official added. The failure of the peace message to resonate among young South Koreans was conspicuous at the Pyeongchang Winter Games, especially when North Korea’s cheerleading squad turned up at some of the events to wave unity flags and chant“We are one!”. “I and frankly most of my friends don’t feel that we are the same people,” university student Lee Seung-hyun, 20, said after watching the cheerleaders as they swayed to old Korean folk tunes, in between K-pop tunes playing over loudspeakers. “I am turned off when North Korean cheerleaders chant‘We are one!’ That feels like forcing a sense of unity that isn’t really there.” Opinion polls showed the public warming to the joint women’s ice hockey team after an initial backlash, but that too appears to have made no lasting impact. A Gallup Korea opinion poll released on Friday, in the final days of the Games, showed a still divided public, with about 50 percent of respondents supporting the team. “Let’s be realistic. These are minor developments that lack substance,” James Kim, a research fellow at Seoul’s Asan Institute for Policy Studies, said of Moon’s unity symbolism. “Ultimately, without a major breakthrough between now and the closing ceremony, the situation before and after the Olympics is basically unchanged.” Even if the Games failed to shift more public support behind Moon, it still brought some tangible results: he coaxed the North out of its isolation to participate in the Games and held the first high-level talks between the two Koreas in two years. His re-engagement with the North also won apparent endorsement from U.S. Vice President Mike Pence, who attended the opening ceremony. Pence said later that Washington would be open to talks with the North without pre-conditions, even as it stepped up its“maximum pressure campaign”. Washington is imposing its largest set of sanctions on North Korea to pressure it to drop its nuclear missile program. The United States and Asian allies will expand ship interceptions to prevent sanctions violations, U.S. officials said. If this failed, U.S. President Donald Trump said“phase two” could be“very, very unfortunate for the world”. But for Moon, who has been invited to a summit in Pyongyang with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, garnering public support at home will be crucial to moving further down the peace path. That task became even more challenging this week when North Korea announced its delegation to attend Sunday’s closing ceremony would be led by an official blamed for the 2010 sinking of a South Korean navy ship that killed 46 sailors. Family members of the dead sailors and opposition parties angrily denounced Moon’s decision to host Kim Yong Chol, vice-chairman of the ruling Workers’ Party’s Central Committee. Government officials and experts acknowledge that the Games revealed that Seoul no longer has the broad public backing it enjoyed when it last pursued a bold reconciliation. In 2005, during the so-called Sunshine policy of engagement with the North, South Korea’s Samsung featured a North Korean dancer and a K-pop singer in a cellphone commercial — the kind of step no company appears willing to take now. Major Olympic sponsors have avoided the“Peace Olympics” in their marketing, given the United States and Japan both accuse the North of using the Games for crude propaganda. “Public attitudes have cooled significantly as North Korea has continued to ratchet up threats with its persistent nuclear and missile tests,” said Shin Beom-chul, a professor at the Korea National Diplomatic Academy in Seoul. The gulf that Moon is trying to bridge is cultural as well as political, with North and South physically divided for generations, since the end of their 1950-53 war. Daniel Na, a 34-year-old businessman, took his wife and three-year-old daughter to watch speed skating on Thursday, where the North’s cheerleaders performed their well-drilled routines. “It’s been entertaining and weird at the same time to watch them,” he said.“I’m normally indifferent to politics, but there’s definitely uneasiness that North Korea is getting away with something.” 
967226772524818432	2018-02-24 02:36:47	https://t.co/cWQfD3cM1U	Google raises price of YouTube TV, adds sports, Turner https://t.co/cWQfD3cM1U https://t.co/Abm72QIUqq	 (Reuters) - Alphabet Inc’s Google is raising the price of its YouTube TV online service for new customers as it adds channels from Time Warner Inc’s Turner, National Basketball League and Major League Baseball, the company said Wednesday. Less than one year after launching YouTube TV, the company is increasing its pricing to $40 per month from $35 per month as it adds Turner’s channels, which include TNT, CNN and TBS, and soon will be adding MLB Network and NBA TV, the company said. Google is expanding its offering at a time when a growing number of competing services, such as Dish Network Corp’s Sling TV, AT&T’s DirecTV Now and Hulu, are vying to win over the growing number of viewers who are cancelling their cable subscriptions to watch their favorite shows online. The four largest cable and satellite companies lost 1.5 million pay TV customers in 2017. DirectTV Now has over 2 million subscribers, according to AT&T. Sling TV, Hulu and YouTube TV do not disclose how many users they have, but research firm BTIG estimates they respectively had 2.1 million, 500,000 and 350,000 as of the end of 2017. The costs for these competing offerings range from $20 for Sling TV’s most basic offering of 30 channels to $39.99 for Hulu’s one with more than 50 channels and its library of shows and movies, which costs $7.99 separately. Google is betting that its strong sports offering will help win over more subscribers, said Heather Moosnick, director of content partnerships, YouTube TV. “Sports is really one of the key offerings that a millennial would be willing to pay for a live TV service,” she said. To that end, Google has targeted sports fans with its TV ads this year. Ninety-six percent of YouTube TV’s ads on television so far this year have appeared during sports programming, including the Super Bowl, according to iSpot.tv, which tracks TV ads. When Google launched YouTube TV last April it was cautious with how much content it was offering so that it could keep the price low enough to entice cord cutters or people considering cutting the cord, Moosnick said. At launch YouTube TV offered almost 50 channels in five markets. With these additions, YouTube TV will have almost 60 channels, and be in 100 markets, Moosnick said. The new pricing will take effect for new users who sign up after March 13, the company said. 
967224076988223489	2018-02-24 02:26:04	https://t.co/Xs2z5XnK8D	Vatican child abuse investigator meets with accused Chilean bishop https://t.co/Xs2z5XnK8D	 SANTIAGO (Reuters) - A Vatican investigator sent to Chile by Pope Francis to interview sex abuse victims met on Friday with Chilean Bishop Juan Barros about accusations that he covered-up sexual abuse of minors committed by a priest. The investigator, Spanish priest Jordi Bertomeu, declined to share details of the interview with Barros, but told reporters the meeting was“cordial and friendly”. Earlier in the day, the Vatican’s lead investigator, Archbishop Charles Scicluna, was released from a hospital in Santiago after undergoing emergency gallbladder surgery, and may conduct more interviews. Scicluna has recovered well and will remain in the country to rest, Episcopal Conference spokesman Jaime Coiro said. Scicluna’s assistant, Bertomeu, was enlisted to replace him in scheduled interviews with sex abuse victims through Friday. The investigators are in Chile to look into accusations that Barros hid information about the sexual abuse of minors by his mentor, Father Fernando Karadima. Barros has said he was unaware of any wrongdoing by Karadima. 
967212504442200065	2018-02-24 01:40:05	https://t.co/IccB95VInH	Dropbox files for IPO of up to $500 million https://t.co/IccB95VInH https://t.co/6cjvIYD0T9	 (Reuters) - Data-sharing business Dropbox Inc on Friday filed for an initial public offering of up to $500 million with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The San Francisco-based company, which started as a free service to share and store photos, music and other large files, competes with much larger technology firms such as Alphabet Inc’s (GOOGL.O) Google, Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O) and Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) as well as cloud-storage rival Box Inc (BOX.N). It plans to have its common stock listed on Nasdaq under the ticker symbol "DBX." (bit.ly/2omUnih) In its regulatory filing, Dropbox reported 2017 revenue of $1.11 billion, up 31 percent from $844.8 million a year earlier. The company’s net loss narrowed to $111.7 million in 2017 from $210.2 million in 2016. “With over a $1 billion in revenues it speaks to Dropbox’s success over the past few years and is an impressive number in a fertile space,” said Daniel Ives at research firm GBH Insights.“Dropbox’s business model has scaled successfully.” The company’s biggest challenge is explaining to Wall Street what differentiates Dropbox from its many competitors, Box Chief Executive Aaron Levie told Reuters on Friday. “If Dropbox continues to focus on their user experience, they’ll be able to compete successfully for consumers and professionals,” Levie said. Dropbox, which has 11 million paying users across 180 countries, said that about half of its 2017 revenue came from customers outside the United States. Goldman Sachs & Co, JPMorgan and Deutsche Bank Securities are some of the leading underwriters for the IPO. The amount of money a company says it plans to raise in its first IPO filing is usually a temporary placeholder. 
967210026711638016	2018-02-24 01:30:14	https://t.co/6eJ4N2Fi94	NRA honors FCC chair with rifle for repealing 'net neutrality' https://t.co/6eJ4N2Fi94 https://t.co/2mdj6VM3sL	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The National Rifle Association (NRA) on Friday honored the head of the Federal Communications Commission with a rifle after braving death threats and other opposition as he worked to undo the Obama administration’s 2015 net neutrality rules. FCC Chairman Ajit Pai was honored at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) in Oxon Hill, Maryland, by the NRA with the“Charlton Heston Courage Under Fire Award,” an honor named for the late actor who was an NRA president. The award is a Kentucky long rifle that will stay at the NRA’s museum in Fairfax, Virginia. The NRA was not allowed to bring the weapon on stage, said Carolyn Meadows, an NRA official. It was not immediately clear why the NRA was not able to present the long gun to the FCC chairman. The FCC, CPAC and the NRA did not immediately respond to questions. A Reuters reporter at the event said there were no visible prohibitions against weapons at the event but metal detectors were present before President Donald Trump’s address earlier on Friday. At the event, Pai defended his aggressive approach to undoing numerous telecommunications regulations put in place under former President Barack Obama. “Some people urged me to go for sacrifice bunts and singles and try to nibble around the edges — make some minor changes,” Pai said.“But I don’t play small ball.” Pai canceled his appearance in January at a large consumer electronics event in Las Vegas after receiving deaths threats, sources told Reuters. The repeal of the net neutrality rules was a victory for internet service providers like AT&T Inc (T.N), Comcast Corp (CMCSA.O) and Verizon Communications Inc (VZ.N), conferring power over what content consumers can access and allowing them to offer paid fast lanes for certain content. On the other side, technology companies including Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O) and Facebook Inc (FB.O) have thrown their weight behind the congressional bid to reverse the net neutrality repeal. On Thursday, 22 state attorneys general filed sued to block the repeal. Fight for the Future, a group that backs net neutrality, said in a tweet the NRA gave Pai an award that will“allow Internet service providers (ISPs) to censor websites and information about guns.” Several corporations have cut ties with the NRA after the group launched a counter-offensive against a student-led campaign for tighter U.S. gun ownership laws after a gunman killed 17 people at a Florida high-school. Insurer Chubb Ltd (CB.N) said on Friday that it would stop underwriting an NRA-branded insurance policy for gun owners that covers legal costs in self-defense shootings. Insurance company MetLife Inc (MET.N) ended an auto and home incentive program for NRA members, while several rental car companies announced they were ending discount programs for NRA members. (This version of the story corrects“Oxon Hills” to Oxon Hill.) 
967205146383052800	2018-02-24 01:10:51	https://t.co/wHH2f7R3Qk	Saudi, UAE, Qatari leaders to visit Trump in March, April https://t.co/wHH2f7R3Qk	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senior Saudi, Emirati and Qatari leaders will meet with U.S. President Donald Trump in the next couple of months, U.S. officials said, amid efforts by Washington to try to resolve a dispute between the Gulf neighbors. Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, Abu Dhabi Crown Prince Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed al-Nahyan of the United Arab Emirates and Qatar’s Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani are all planning to have bilateral visits with Trump in March and April, a senior U.S. official said. The agenda will include setting up a Gulf Cooperation Council summit, the official said, which Washington hopes will be held later this year, as well as Middle East peace and Iran. The UAE, along with Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and Egypt, cut off travel and trade ties with Qatar last June, accusing it of supporting terrorism and their arch-rival Iran. Doha denies the charges and says the countries aim to curtail its sovereignty. Washington is hoping to lay the groundwork for a summit by the summer. “We would hope the dispute is resolved before the summit to allow maximum focus on other strategic concerns like Iran,” another U.S. official said. Qatar is host to U.S. and international forces at Al Udeid Air Base, which is home to the Combined Air Operations Center. The center coordinates an array of data and intelligence from satellites, drones, radar and U.S. planes flying over hot spots in the Middle East and bombing Islamic State positions. 
967197155529281536	2018-02-24 00:39:06	https://t.co/f8uHvCGlRR	Chileans are losing faith as the Vatican scrambles to contain sex abuse scandal: https://t.co/f8uHvCGlRR via… https://t.co/cr9fWEQt3p	 SANTIAGO (Reuters) - To understand why Chile, one of Latin America’s most socially conservative nations, is losing faith in the Roman Catholic Church, visit Providencia, a middle-class area of Santiago coming to terms with a decades-old clergy sex abuse scandal. Providencia is home to El Bosque, the former parish of priest Fernando Karadima, who was found guilty in a Vatican investigation in 2011 of abusing teenage boys over many years, spurring a chain of events leading to this week’s visit by a Vatican investigator. A Chilean judge in the same year determined the Vatican’s canonical sentence was valid but Karadima was not prosecuted by the civil justice system because the statute of limitations had expired. So many Chileans were shocked in 2015 when Pope Francis appointed as a bishop a clergyman accused of covering up for Karadima, and defended that choice in a visit to Chile last month. Chile remains largely conservative on social issues. It only legalized divorce in 2004, making it one of the last countries in the world to do so. Chile’s ban on abortion, one of the strictest in the world, was lifted in 2017 for special circumstances only. Same-sex marriage remains illegal. Yet El Bosque, like many other Chilean parishes, no longer has the large crowds attending Mass that it did in the 1970s and 1980s, when Karadima was a pillar of the Providencia community. “Karadima did a lot of damage to the Catholic Church,” said Ximena Jara Novoa, 65, a hairdresser who lives in a neighboring community but has worked in Providencia for 45 years. She once counted Karadima’s mother and sister as clients. “If I had been from this neighborhood, I would not let my son go to church anymore,” she said in an interview. A poll by Santiago-based thinktank Latinobarometro in January 2017 showed the number of Chileans calling themselves Catholics had fallen to 45 percent, from 74 percent in 1995. In the same survey, Pope Francis, who hails from neighboring Argentina and is the first Latin American pontiff, was ranked by Chileans asked to evaluate him at 5.3 on a scale of zero to 10, compared to a 6.8 average in Latin America. The pope surprised many Chileans last month by defending the appointment of Bishop Juan Barros, who considered Karadima his mentor and is accused by several men of covering up sexual abuse of minors committed by the priest. Barros, of the southern diocese of Osorno, has said he was unaware of any wrongdoing by Karadima. Just before leaving Chile, the pope testily told a Chilean reporter:“The day I see proof against Bishop Barros, then I will talk. There is not a single piece of evidence against him. It is all slander. Is that clear?” The comments were widely criticized and just days after his return to Rome, Francis made a remarkable U-turn and ordered a Vatican investigation into the accusations. Residents of Providencia, once dotted with mansions belonging to the most powerful families in Santiago but now home to largely upscale high-rise apartments, said the abuse of children by the charismatic Karadima was an open secret as far back as the 1970s. “It was always rumored, everything was talked about. People knew,” Novoa said quietly. But challenging the powerful Church in the once predominately Catholic society was not previously accepted. That is changing. The Vatican special envoy sent by the pope is due to hear testimony from more than 20 sex abuse victims before he leaves Santiago. Archbishop Charles Scicluna, the Vatican’s most experienced sex abuse investigator, also spent four hours in New York speaking to Juan Carlos Cruz, one of Karadima’s most vocal accusers. On Thursday, a group of people who say they were sexually abused by members of the Marist Brothers congregation in Santiago asked Vatican officials to investigate their cases, too. The Vatican’s defense of Barros has been compounded by the perceived lack of punishment of Karadima. Miguel Angel Lopez, a professor at the University of Chile who grew up in Providencia and met Karadima several times when the priest visited his Catholic school, said the legal loophole that allowed the clergyman to escape punishment had infuriated Chileans. “The fact that Karadima didn’t go to jail is one of the reasons people don’t trust the Church much,” Lopez said.“They were very angry.” 
967194939007397889	2018-02-24 00:30:17	https://t.co/Joc9NZx3cP	Corporate partners cut cord with NRA as gun control debate rages https://t.co/Joc9NZx3cP https://t.co/ewLmkMH66S	 NEW YORK (Reuters) - The fallout over last week’s shooting rampage at a Florida high school started to take its toll on the National Rifle Association’s roster of corporate partners on Friday as a half dozen companies severed marketing ties with the gun advocacy organization. The exodus of corporate names, ranging from a major insurer to car rental brands and a household moving company, occurred after the NRA launched a counter-offensive against a student-led campaign for tighter U.S. gun ownership laws. At the same time, gun control activists are stepping up pressure on Amazon.com Inc and other online streaming platforms to drop the online video channel NRATV, featuring gun-friendly programming produced by the NRA. Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America, founded after 20 first-graders were shot and killed at a Connecticut school in 2012, sent letters to Apple Inc, AT&T Inc, Amazon, Alphabet Inc’s Google and Roku Inc on Friday, asking them to drop NRATV from their platforms. “We have been just disgusted by NRATV since its beginning,” Shannon Watts, founder of the Moms Demand Action group, told Reuters.“It tries to pit Americans against one another, all in an attempt to further their agenda of selling guns.” AT&T said it does not carry NRATV. None of the other companies immediately responded to requests for comment. The issue of gun control, and the NRA’s role in opposing it, became the focus of renewed national debate on Feb. 14, when a former student killed 17 people at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, with an AR-15 assault rifle he had purchased legally. The U.S. Constitution’s Second Amendment protects the right of Americans to bear arms. The NRA, which has long used campaign donations and effective lobbying to command political influence, argues that stricter gun control would erode individual rights. The group has not commented on companies cutting ties. Angry student survivors of the shooting have confronted politicians from state lawmakers to U.S. President Donald Trump himself, demanding stricter gun control laws. In response, the NRA and Trump have suggested arming teachers who have received training to deter attackers, a proposal that has been met with skepticism by teachers unions and gun violence experts. Before the corporate defections, nearly two dozen companies nationwide had offered incentives to NRA members, according to ThinkProgress.com, a news site owned by the Center for American Progress Action Fund. The attrition started late Thursday when three rental car brands owned by Enterprise Holdings Inc said they were ending discount programs, and First National Bank of Omaha said it would not renew the NRA’s contract to issue a co-branded Visa card. By Friday, the list of defectors expanded to include Symantec Corp, which ended an discount program for its LifeLock identity theft product. Home security company SimpliSafe and Hertz Corp also terminated discount programs. Chubb Ltd said it would stop underwriting a NRA-branded insurance policy for gun owners that covers legal costs in self-defense shootings. Another insurer, MetLife Inc, also said it had ended an auto and home incentive program for NRA members. And North American Van Lines said it was scrapping its an affiliate relationship with the NRA. David Hogg, one of the student survivors of last week’s attack who launched the #NeverAgain anti-gun violence movement, said the students would target any company with ties to the NRA, in addition to lawmakers who accept donations. About a dozen other companies with marketing ties to the NRA, including FedEx Corp and Hertz, which offer discount programs, did not respond to requests for comment. Activists have also called on public pension funds to divest from gun maker stocks, which were broadly lower on Friday. Meanwhile, an online campaign using the Twitter hashtag #StopNRAmazon picked up steam, putting pressure on Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos to drop the channel. Many of those tweeting are in the entertainment industry. “Ironic how the @NRA likes to point a finger at what kids watch on TV ... while they spew vile rhetoric on NRAtv, streamed on @Amazon and aimed solely at boosting gun sales,” wrote screenwriter Randi Mayem Singer. Moms Demand Action, which sent the letters to the streaming platform, also posted an online petition using the hashtag #DumpNRATV. “To be affiliated with them, whether you are a company or a lawmaker, it is not going to pay off in the long run,” said Watts, the group’s founder, signaling the start of a broader campaign.“Doing business with the NRA is clearly bad business.” The target of its ire is NRATV, which describes itself as“America’s Most Patriotic Team on a Mission to Take Back The Truth.” The channel features programming that leans heavily on speeches by NRA chief executive Wayne LaPierre and spokeswoman Dana Loesch. Yet another campaign, using the hashtag #BoycottNRA, was the top trending topic on Twitter on Friday morning. The push is the latest effort by social activists to use social media to apply economic pressure to force change. Last April, Fox News parted ways with television host Bill O’Reilly when sponsors started to drop his show in the wake of sexual harassment allegations against him. Similarly the National Football League announced a tougher policy on handling domestic violence accusations against players when its marketing partners applied pressure for changes. (This version of the story corrects first paragraph to say last week’s rampage, not this week’s) 
967186539582312448	2018-02-23 23:56:55	https://t.co/RrfBjQ5HAm	Commentary: How to stop social media from supercharging hate speech https://t.co/RrfBjQ5HAm https://t.co/2A1R7n6MG2	 Donald Trump’s retweets of anti-Muslim videos first circulated by an anti-immigrant, far-right British party were just the tip of the iceberg. From Myanmar to the United States, controversial posts by political leaders and public figures have sparked a growing and increasingly global debate about how social media may be facilitating the spread of hatred and discrimination. But this discussion is only the latest in a larger debate that is as old as the internet itself: who should decide the limits of freedom of expression online, and how should they do it? We have come a long way from the days when Facebook, YouTube and Twitter were hailed as enablers of free speech and democracy. Such platforms have undeniably helped to democratize the public sphere. Individuals can amass tens of thousands of followers, and earn millions of views, without relying on the media, public relations agencies, or governments. Activists can organize, disseminate information and mobilize more effectively than ever before. It is a testament to the power of social media that many countries are imposing stricter controls or even blocking their access entirely. We must bear the positive aspects of that power in mind when we consider how best to tackle its flip side: the way social platforms can be used to spread abuse, vitriol and hatred more rapidly than ever before. In 2017, politicians in many countries deployed social media to spread hate-filled agendas. Amnesty International’s latest annual report on the state of the world’s human rights documents a global rise in state-sponsored hate, and chronicles the variety of ways governments and leaders are increasingly peddling hateful rhetoric and policies that seek to demonize already marginalized groups; President Trump’s transparently-hateful travel ban on citizens from half a dozen Muslim-majority countries was one of the most prominent examples. As access to social media expands worldwide, it is increasingly being used by governments to promote hateful rhetoric, to control their citizens, and to silence any opposition. From xenophobic statements by politicians against LGBTI and Roma people in Bulgaria, anti-Rohingya propaganda posted on Facebook by senior military officers and government spokespeople in Myanmar, and the use of troll networks against government critics in the Philippines, those in power are learning how to use social media as yet another tool of repression. These findings present many dilemmas. To what extent are social media companies such as Facebook and Twitter – who have responded only belatedly to the torrent of hate speech and“fake news”– at fault? Should governments take action? What can we do to preserve the good that social media can offer while countering its more corrosive effects? There are no simple answers. The right to free expression protects ideas that many people find offensive, and there are many instances where racist, sexist, xenophobic or other hateful material is not prohibited under human rights law. Nevertheless, freedom of expression comes with responsibilities, and there are cases under human rights law – such as incitement to violence or child sex abuse imagery – where it can legitimately be restricted. Complexities tend to arise because the definition of“offense” is always subjective: one person’s free speech is another’s vicious diatribe. Any attempt at regulation must also consider the fact that the right to be able to say things to which others – including those in positions of power – will vehemently object is one of the foundations of an open society. Take that away and you take away the free press and any kind of government accountability. For all their potential for abuse, social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter provide a space for expression and access to information that is much freer than anything available in the past. Yet, this freedom is fragile – for example, Amnesty’s research has shown that online abuse can have a silencing effect on its targets. So what’s the solution? There are three types of actions that can be taken to counter hate on social media and the internet more generally: legal enforcement, content moderation, and education. States should have in place laws that prohibit advocacy of hatred, and take legal action only in the very clearly-defined cases allowed by international human rights law. Specifically this is when there is a clear show of intent to incite others to discrimination, hostility or violence against a particular group. Nevertheless, many governments have threatened social media companies with strict rules on intermediary liability, which means that companies may be held liable for content posted on their platforms. The problem is that intermediary liability can easily be used to restrict freedom of expression and to force companies to censor their users for fear of legal consequences. Regardless of government regulation, companies have a responsibility to avoid causing or contributing to human rights harms. Content moderation by social media companies is therefore an important part of the solution: it does not require legislation and therefore does not open the doors to unjustified restrictions on freedom of expression. All major platforms have community standards and rules of conduct in place to deal with advocacy of hatred and discrimination, which would work well so long as they did not conflict with human rights law. Making them effective will require social media companies to consistently uphold these rules, and to devote sufficient resources to addressing violations. This means improving the tools available to users to report abusive content, employing and training content moderators, and measures to identify and restrict troll networks. It also requires transparency about the rate at which these rules and standards are violated, including information about types of abuse and actions taken. Reducing the spread of hate on social media also requires education. This is perhaps the most important intervention: legal enforcement and content moderation can only treat the symptoms of online abuse. Whether it is through school programs, or campaigns on social media itself, the only viable long-term way to reduce racism, sexism and bigotry online is by understanding and addressing the roots of discrimination and hate in our societies. 
967184198221131778	2018-02-23 23:47:36	https://t.co/a8c6rM78rx	Commentary: Even in world’s oldest democracies, citizens may be losing control https://t.co/a8c6rM78rx https://t.co/EUXXt5iP74	 We know by now what illiberal democracies are. They are countries like Russia, Hungary and Poland, where the formal rules of democratic elections are preserved – though at times with credible claims of vote-rigging, especially in Russia – but where an authoritarian government so dominates the political and social space, so weakens the institutions of civil society, the news media, and the academy, and so plays on popular fears of foreigners and internal minorities, that choice is effectively skewed in one direction. They are illiberal, it’s often claimed, because there is no depth to the democracy. When democratic procedures were adopted by the Eastern and Central European states following the collapse of communist rule in the Soviet Union and the countries of the Soviet bloc from the end of the 1980s, they were overlaid on populations with no previous experience of civic participation, and little understanding of democratic principles. Few of these states have had any more than a brief and often crisis-ridden experience of a polity in which democracy, rule of law and respect for independent institutions were the norm. Today, it seems, old spectres are emerging from their temporary entombment, as anti-Semitism rises again, and recent social and sexual shifts in both law and public opinion in Western states – such as acceptance of same-sex marriages – are shunned. But there’s a new descriptive phrase for our present condition, which is disorienting for those of us who live in societies which do have a substantial democratic history. It is “undemocratic liberalism,” and it comes, like much else that is new, from a Harvard professor, Yascha Mounk, whose book, “People vs. Democracy,” portrays the power of the electorate – assumed to be the final decider in Western societies – as increasingly undercut by special interests and elite maneuvering. In an article for The Atlantic, boldly titled “America is Not a Democracy,” Mounk, citing recent research by political scientists Martin Gilens and Benjamin Page, argued that “economic elites and narrow interest groups … succeeded in getting their favored policies adopted about half of the time…as for the views of ordinary citizens, they had virtually no independent effect at all.” The claim has received dismal underpinning this past week. The massacre of 17 people at a Florida high school caused an outcry by those Americans who support more gun control. A Gallup poll late last year found that a majority of Americans support stronger gun control and, though it is unlikely to be placated by President Trump’s suggestion that teachers be armed, it is unlikely to prevail, once this latest tragedy recedes from memories. Another Harvard professor, Dani Rodrik, has taken Mounk’s conclusion a step further: he believes that bureaucracy and technocracy are now replacing meaningful democratic decision-making. The European Union, he writes, is a prime example of this phenomenon: “decision-making increasingly takes place at considerable distance from the public…the Brexiteers’ call to ‘take back control’ captured the frustration many European voters feel.” The U.S. gun lobby and the National Rifle Association – which was a major contributor to President Trump’s campaign – are perennial and common targets for liberals. But Mounk’s and Rodrik’s warnings point to liberal elites (such as that which created and runs the EU) – economists, financial institutions, policy institutions and even academics – as well.“When elites have sufficient power,” writes Rodrik, “they have little interest in reflecting the preferences of the public at large.” The Brexit campaign was conducted under the slogan of“Take Back Control,” one that seemed to resonate strongly enough to obtain a majority in a country where most politicians and nearly all experts (though not most of the news media) were arguing for Remain (in the EU). Taking back control, for people everywhere, is a message in a bottle which they can fill with their own meaning: for it is a condition of our contemporary lives that control seems to be what we are losing. For an older generation – and for many in all generations – the advent of and our increasing envelopment within a digital universe is deeply puzzling. A UK poll in September 2016 showed that nine out of ten citizens did not know what companies did with the data they had (sometimes unknowingly) shared when they conducted transactions on the internet. A bewildering array of threats to one’s privacy enter into our lives through social media – local and personal examples of the alleged Russian invasions of election campaigns in North America and Europe. Discussion of the future revolves increasingly around dystopian visions, such as that put forth by Yuval Harari in Homo Deus, which describes a world where a minority of human “gods,” possessed of enormously augmented capacities which artificial intelligence (AI) has bequeathed them, rule the majority of the ignorant masses. “Once artificial intelligence surpasses human intelligence,” Harari writes, “it might simply exterminate mankind.” At a few steps back from our fate at the hands of machines we’ve fashioned are the forecasts of mass unemployment – also a result of artificial intelligence, the kind which drives our cars (before killing us). Influential voices – such as Moshe Vardi, professor of computational engineering at Rice University, and the theoretical physicist Stephen Hawking – forecast tens of millions of jobs lost: this time, it seems, the substitution of old work by new work won’t…work. What to make of this? Though AI may, in the pessimists’ view, may eventually make every kind of job, from carpenter to consultant, obsolete, it’s the working-class jobs that will go first. Self-driving trucks will throw truckers out of millions of cabs: are there enough hamburgers to flip to take up the slack (and will hamburger-flipping anyway not already be done by bright young robots?) Thus those who already feel least in control of their lives and the world around them now believe a world still more radically insecure awaits them and their children – even if the latter get a university education. From the way in which our supposedly democratic societies function, to the future of our children and ourselves, someone – or something – now seems to have pre-empted our efforts to freely choose, and to have stilled our voices. The often well-meaning substitution by technology of human actions and voices which, together, had caused or demanded change is the underlying political dilemma of our times. Our current quandary is vast, complex and demanding of radical solutions – just when politics seem at their weakest. 
967182204081229824	2018-02-23 23:39:41	https://t.co/tekp4RAqC6	Exclusive: U.S. prepares high-seas crackdown on North Korea sanctions evaders - sources https://t.co/tekp4RAqC6	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration and key Asian allies are preparing to expand interceptions of ships suspected of violating sanctions on North Korea, a plan that could include deploying U.S. Coast Guard forces to stop and search vessels in Asia-Pacific waters, senior U.S. officials said. Washington has been talking to regional partners, including Japan, South Korea, Australia and Singapore, about coordinating a stepped-up crackdown that would go further than ever before in an attempt to squeeze Pyongyang’s use of seagoing trade to feed its nuclear missile program, several officials told Reuters. While suspect ships have been intercepted before, the emerging strategy would expand the scope of such operations but stop short of imposing a naval blockade on North Korea. Pyongyang has warned it would consider a blockade an act of war. The strategy calls for closer tracking and possible seizure of ships suspected of carrying banned weapons components and other prohibited cargo to or from North Korea, according to the officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity. Depending on the scale of the campaign, the United States could consider beefing up the naval and air power of its Pacific Command, they said. The U.S.-led initiative, which has not been previously reported, shows Washington’s increasing urgency to force North Korea into negotiations over the abandonment of its weapons programs, the officials said. North Korea may be only a few months away from completing development of a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland, despite existing international sanctions that, at times, have been sidestepped by smuggling and ship-to-ship transfers at sea of banned goods, according to officials. “There is no doubt we all have to do more, short of direct military action, to show (North Korean leader) Kim Jong Un we mean business,” said a senior administration official. The White House declined official comment. The effort could target vessels on the high seas or in the territorial waters of countries that choose to cooperate. It was unclear, however, to what extent the campaign might extend beyond Asia. Washington on Friday slapped sanctions on dozens more companies and vessels linked to North Korean shipping trade and urged the United Nations to blacklist a list of entities, a move it said was aimed at shutting down North Korea’s illicit maritime smuggling activities to obtain oil and sell coal. Tighter sanctions plus a more assertive approach at sea could dial up tensions at a time when fragile diplomacy between North and South Korea has gained momentum. It would also stretch U.S. military resources needed elsewhere, possibly incur massive new costs and fuel misgivings among some countries in the region. The initiative, which is being developed, would be fraught with challenges that could risk triggering North Korean retaliation and dividing the international community. China and Russia, which have blocked U.S. efforts at the United Nations to win approval for use of force in North Korea interdiction operations, are likely to oppose new actions if they see the United States as overstepping. A Chinese official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said such steps should only be taken under United Nations auspices. China’s Foreign Ministry, in a statement to Reuters, said they did not know anything about the plan, but that in principle China believes U.N. resolutions on North Korea should be fully and thoroughly implemented. “At the same time, we hope relevant countries act in accordance with Security Council resolutions and international law,” it added, without elaborating. But Washington is expected to start gradually ratcheting up such operations soon even if discussions with allies have not been completed, according to the senior U.S. official. U.S. experts are developing legal arguments for doing more to stop sanctions-busting vessels, citing the last U.N. Security Council resolution which they say opened the door by calling on states to inspect suspect ships on the high seas or in their waters. Washington is also drawing up rules of engagement aimed at avoiding armed confrontation at sea, the officials said. A Japanese ruling party lawmaker briefed by the government said discussions with the United States were focused on the need for stepped up cooperation on surveillance and information-sharing between Washington, Tokyo and Seoul regarding ship-to-ship transfers suspected of violating sanctions, and on the need to notify authorities in ports of origin. The lawmaker as well as a Japanese defense ministry official involved in policy planning said that under current U.N. sanctions, the agreement of the flag state and ship captain was necessary to conduct inspections on the high seas. “I think it is unlikely that the U.N. will strengthen the sanctions so that inspections on high seas are possible without agreement,” the Japanese defense official said. “From the viewpoint of the country in question, that would be an act of war,” he said, referring to North Korea. U.S. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin told reporters in Washington on Friday the United States does not rule out boarding ships for inspections. But U.S. officials said privately that such action, especially the use of boarding crews, would be decided on a case-by-case and with utmost caution. Some U.S. officials believe the risk could be minimized if Coast Guard cutters, which carry less firepower and technically engage in law-enforcement missions, are used in certain cases rather than warships. The Coast Guard declined to address whether it might deploy ships to the Asia-Pacific region but acknowledged its ties to countries there.“Future ship deployments would depend on U.S. foreign policy objectives and the operational availability of our assets,” said spokesman Lieutenant Commander Dave French. A senior South Korean government official said there had been discussions over“intensified maritime interdictions,” including at a foreign ministers’ meeting in Vancouver last month where U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson pressed counterparts on the issue. “We are discussing with various countries including the U.S. and South Korea how to fully implement the sanctions, but I have not heard talk of creating a framework or a coalition,” said the Japanese defense ministry official involved in policy planning. Japan’s foreign ministry, in reply to a question from Reuters, repeated Tokyo’s call for“maximum pressure” on Pyongyang. The ministry declined to comment on specific discussions with other countries, but said Japan continued its“close collaboration with the U.S., ROK (South Korea) and the international community including China and Russia to secure the effectiveness of U.N. Security Council Resolutions” to achieve the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula. The Trump administration has also sought greater cooperation from Southeast Asian countries, which may have little military capability to assist but are seen as sources of intelligence on ship movements, U.S. officials said. “The more partners we have, the more resources we have to dedicate to the effort,” said Chris Ford, assistant secretary of state for international security and nonproliferation. He declined to talk about discussions with specific countries. Washington is especially interested in detecting of ship-to-ship transfers at sea of banned goods, something North Korea has increasingly resorted to as vessels have faced greater scrutiny of their cargo in Asian ports, the officials said. Reuters reported in December that Russian tankers had supplied fuel to North Korea at sea in a violation of sanctions. Washington also said at the time it had evidence that vessels from several countries, including China, had engaged in shipping oil products and coal. China denied the allegation. U.S. interception of ships close to Chinese waters is something likely to be avoided, in favor of informing Chinese authorities of banned cargo onboard and asking them do the inspection, one official said. “It’s probably impossible to stop everything, but you can raise the cost to North Korea,” said David Shear, former deputy secretary of defense for Asia under President Barack Obama. 
967178014609035264	2018-02-23 23:23:02	https://t.co/HsZKi48UnX	North Korea's 'Army of Beauties' aren't your ordinary cheerleaders: https://t.co/HsZKi48UnX Full coverage from… https://t.co/xfAvcThP4I	 PYEONGCHANG, South Korea (Reuters) - They cheer, dance and sing in perfect unison. But these are not your ordinary cheerleaders. Charm offensive North Korea’s“Army of Beauties”, an all-female cheerleading team, have fascinated and perplexed South Koreans since the squad arrived at the Olympic winter games in Pyeongchang. The 229 cheerleaders are part of a roughly 400-strong delegation of artists, musicians and 22 athletes sent from the North amid a thaw in cross-border tensions over Pyongyang’s weapons programs. While South Korea saw an opportunity for“reconciliation and unity,” Japan urged the world not to be naive about the North’s “charm offensive.” Culture clash The cheerleaders have been a fixture at games played by the unified Korean women’s ice hockey team, which features 12 players from the North. But they struggled to connect with young South Koreans at the team’s first game – an 8-0 shutout by Switzerland. The North Koreans in red jumpsuits and singing old pop songs contrasted with mini-skirted dancers from the South who got the crowd bopping to rap, rock and K-pop music. Some fans were unnerved when the squad put on a man’s mask in perfect unison.”They were fresh but a bit weird to me,” said university student Kang Gwang-mo. “Unify the Motherland” The squad made a surprise appearance at a South Korean men’s hockey game, cheering at their first Olympic event not featuring a Northern athlete. Unlike the women, the men’s team was not a South-North combination. The 150 cheerleaders sported white, red and blue outfits, waved flags showing the outline of an undivided Korean peninsula, and shouted encouragement such as“Unify the Motherland” and “Win, win, our athletes win.” The Czech Republic edged out South Korea 2-1. Détente on ice North Korean figure skating pair Ryom Tae Ok and Kim Ju Sik won over the home crowd’s hearts despite falling well short of a medal. Ryom, 19, said she was nervous before their skate, but the sight of the cheerleaders and applauding South Korean fans“encouraged me a lot.” Marching songs The squad’s appearances outside the Olympic venues have been tightly controlled. One day they visited a beach and had lunch at a local restaurant. They also put on joint performances with a North Korean marching band that played a mix of Korean folk music and marching songs. Police kept spectators and journalists from getting too close.“They didn’t look free even during their free time, which looked strange,” said Heo Soo, a 27-year-old South Korean after watching a performance. The squad was the only show at the Jeongseon Alpine Centre on a day when high winds wreaked havoc on the women’s slalom. Long after the race was postponed, the cheerleaders and a group of blue-capped, pro-unification South Koreans stayed on, cheering and singing as other spectators shot videos and pictures. “WE ARE…” yelled the North Koreans, sporting sunglasses and all dressed in red ski jackets and white and red hats. “ONE!” replied the smaller group of South Koreans. Fake Kim and the“goal” The united Korean team scored a historic first Olympic goal in their 4-1 loss to Japan. It sent the crowd and cheerleaders into a frenzy. Later in the game, the cheerleaders were briefly wowed by the apparent, sudden arrival of their leader, Kim Jong Un. He turned out to be an Australian impersonator who identified himself only as Howard. Some squad members immediately averted their gaze as he smiled and waved. Others struggled to stifle a quick laugh. In North Korea, anyone impersonating a member of the ruling family would be considered blasphemous. The North Korean cheer squad is expected to attend the closing ceremony of the Pyeonchang Games on Sunday. 
967174614173528065	2018-02-23 23:09:31	https://t.co/TqYWUvx4ra	Trump, Australia's Turnbull seek common ground on trade, China https://t.co/TqYWUvx4ra	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull held talks on Friday at the White House where the two leaders sought to put aside previous tensions, but divisions on trade remained. Trump pulled the United States out of the original 12-member Trans-Pacific Partnership - which was backed by Turnbull - soon after taking office last year and he repeated his opposition to the deal during a joint press conference on Friday. “The Trans-Pacific Partnership was not a good deal for us,” Trump said, stressing that he would rejoin a deal that was better for the United States, but prefers bilateral deals over pacts involving many countries. Trump has argued the trade deal would hurt U.S. workers. Australia and the other remaining members of the pact published an amended version of the agreement this week and are expected to sign the new deal in March. China’s rising global power was also on the agenda for the White House talks with Turnbull. Trump has been a harsh critic of China’s trade policies, while Australia has typically taken a less confrontational approach with China, its largest trading partner. “There are people that want to try to paint the United States and its allies like Australia as being against China in some sort of rerun of the Cold War,” Turnbull told reporters.“But ... that is not accurate.” Trump said that U.S. ties with Beijing have improved, but warned that the relationship could be derailed over trade disputes. “That can be the only thing that can get in the way of a truly long-term great relationship, because we have all the ingredients for friendship,” he said. Turnbull’s visit to the White House followed tense interactions between the two leaders last year, when they clashed over a refugee swap deal. But Trump praised U.S.-Australia ties on Friday. “The relationship we have with Australia is a terrific relationship and probably stronger now than ever before,” Trump said in brief public remarks at the Oval Office ahead of his meeting with the Australian prime minister. Turnbull told the news conference that he and Trump had agreed on new initiatives to deepen security and economic ties. “We’re seeking to expand transparent and competitive global energy markets, cooperating on high-quality infrastructure investment in the United States and in the region - we’ve spent a lot of time talking about infrastructure, especially urban infrastructure,” Turnbull told reporters. 
967170290802462722	2018-02-23 22:52:21	https://t.co/mEr2BKlt7D	U.N. Security Council delays vote on Syria ceasefire resolution https://t.co/mEr2BKlt7D	 UNITED NATIONS/BEIRUT (Reuters) - The U.N. Security Council on Friday delayed a vote on a demand for a 30-day ceasefire in Syria, where pro-government warplanes have been pounding the last rebel bastion near Damascus in one of the deadliest bombing campaigns of the seven-year civil war. A draft resolution aimed at ending the carnage in the eastern Ghouta district and elsewhere in Syria will be put up for a vote in the 15-member council at noon (1700 GMT) on Saturday, Kuwait’s U.N. Ambassador Mansour Ayyad Al-Otaibi said. The 24-hour delay followed a flurry of last-minute negotiations on the text drafted by Sweden and Kuwait after Russia, a veto-holding ally of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, proposed new amendments on Friday. “Unbelievable that Russia is stalling a vote on a ceasefire allowing humanitarian access in Syria,” U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Nikki Haley posted on Twitter. Talks have centered on the paragraph demanding a cessation of hostilities for 30 days to allow aid access and medical evacuations. A proposal for the truce to start 72 hours after the resolution’s adoption has been watered-down to instead demand it start“without delay” in a bid to win Russian support. Diplomats, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Moscow does not want to specify when a truce should start. It was not immediately clear how Russia would vote on Saturday. A resolution needs nine votes in favor and no vetoes by Russia, China, the United States, Britain and France to be adopted. “We’re not going to give up. ... I hope that we will adopt something forceful, meaningful, impactful tomorrow,” Olof Skoog, Sweden’s U.N. ambassador, told reporters. Previous ceasefires, however, have had a poor record of ending fighting in Syria, where Assad’s forces have gained the upper hand. The towns and farms of eastern Ghouta have been under government siege since 2013, with shortages of food, water and electricity that worsened last year. Earlier on Friday, the densely populated enclave was bombed for a sixth straight day, witnesses said. The civilian casualties and devastation there are among the worst in Syria since the government captured rebel-held parts of Aleppo in 2016. At least 462 people have been killed, including at least 99 children, and many hundreds injured, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group said on Friday. Syrian state media reported one person was killed and 58 injured in rebel shelling of sites in Damascus, including a hospital. Clouding any potential ceasefire is the Syrian government’s frequently used tactic of pushing rebels to surrender their strongholds after long sieges and military offensives. Insurgents in eastern Ghouta have vowed not to accept such a fate, ruling out an evacuation of fighters, their families and other civilians of the kind that ended rebellions in Aleppo and Homs after heavy bombardment in earlier years. “We refuse categorically any initiative that includes getting the residents out of their homes and moving them elsewhere,” Ghouta rebel factions wrote in a letter to the Security Council. Eastern Ghouta has 400,000 people spread over a larger area than other enclaves the government has recaptured. Late on Thursday, government aircraft dropped leaflets urging civilians to depart and hand themselves over to the Syrian army, marking corridors through which they could leave safely. Leading up to the Security Council vote, all eyes have been on Russia. Moscow has a history of standing in the way of Security Council measures that would harm Assad’s interests. Germany and France were among the nations to ratchet up the pressure on Russia, with German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron asking Russian President Vladimir Putin to support the resolution. Earlier, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said Moscow wanted guarantees that rebel fighters will not shoot at residential areas in Damascus. Damascus and Moscow say they only target militants. They have said their main aim is to stop rebel shelling of the capital, and have accused insurgents in Ghouta of holding residents as human shields. The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said government planes and artillery hit Douma, Zamalka and other towns across the enclave in the early hours of Friday. There was no immediate comment from the Syrian military. Medical charities say more than a dozen hospitals were hit, making it nearly impossible to treat the wounded. A witness in Douma who asked not to be identified said by telephone that the early morning bombing was the most intense so far. Another resident, in the town of Hamouriyeh, said the assault had continued“like the other days.” “Whenever the bombing stops for some moments, the Civil Defence vehicles go out to the targeted places. They work to remove the debris from the road,” Bilal Abu Salah said. The Civil Defence there said its rescuers rushed to help the wounded after strikes on Hamouriyeh and Saqba. The emergency service, which operates in rebel territory, says it has pulled hundreds of people out from under rubble in recent days. Hamza Birqdar, the military spokesman for the Jaish al-Islam rebel faction, said it had thwarted nine attacks by pro-government militias trying to storm a front in the southeast of Ghouta. 
967167201819201536	2018-02-23 22:40:04	https://t.co/vTeODxsjjW	Curling: Uiseong celebrate more Garlic Girls' success https://t.co/vTeODxsjjW https://t.co/Kpb4pa8ZBf	 sUISEONG/GANGNEUNG, South Korea (Reuters) - Ninety-two-year-old Kim Won-hee doesn’t know much about the sport of curling, but she and millions of other South Koreans are counting on her granddaughter, skipper of the“Garlic Girls”, to lead the nation to an historic gold medal on Sunday. The nation has embraced its women’s curling team like no other local athlete, inspired by their journey from a garlic-growing county to the pinnacle of the Winter Olympics, the first Asian team to make the sport’s gold-medal playoff. The Garlic Girls’ skipper, Kim Eun-jung, 27, and her four teammates are famous for their girl-next-door looks, but the skip has her own special brand of celebrity — thanks to a pair of Harry Potter spectacles and her death-stare concentration. That steely determination seems to run in the family. “She has to win the gold medal,” her grandmother told Reuters Television in her home in central Uiseong, which has a banner over the main road reading:“We Support National Curling Player Kim Eun-jung” “The gold medal is what we need,” she stressed again, as she gripped a curling broom with the label“Team Kim”. On her side table sits a picture of her granddaughter, also holding a curling broom, with her family in a garlic field. The team face Sweden on Sunday in a playoff that is destined to be South Korea’s biggest TV audience for curling and one of its largest for any moment of the Pyeongchang Winter Games. Four of the five team members grew up in garlic-growing Uiseong county, which decided a decade ago to build the country’s first curling rink. The skipper and one of her teammates, Kim Yeong-mi, were close high-school friends who started curling together as an after-class activity. Uiseong’s early adoption of the sport has led to the Garlic Girls blazing a trail for curling, a sport born centuries ago in Scotland and which has now caught fire in South Korea. Kim Eun-Jung’s family still farms garlic and her uncle Kim Kwang-il remembers her as a girl who worked hard at school, helped tend the fields and threw herself into curling. “I’m very proud and thankful. She’s a hard working girl in everything she does — studying, training, helping her family on the field,” the uncle said as he stood in a field where green garlic sprouts were partly covered against the winter cold. “I feel grateful but also I feel for her because of all the hard work she puts in.” At Uiseong Girls High School, alma mater for four of the Garlic Girls, more than 300 fans and a scrum of local media gathered before a big screen on Friday night to watch the team’s nail-biting victory against Japan. South Korea has produced many world-class athletes from women’s golfer Pak Se-ri to figure skater Kim Yuna, but few have come from as far left field as the Garlic Girls. Skipper Kim Eun-jung said Yuna was one of her inspirations to turn her fun pastime into an Olympic pursuit. “I still remember the moment when I watched Kim Yuna performing at the Vancouver Olympics while I was doing curling training,” she told reporters after the victory against Japan. “Back then I just thought what it would be like competing in the Olympics for me.” Her grandmother still doesn’t understand the sport well but is very proud of her famous youngster. “At first I didn’t even know what curling was but her parents were busy giving her rides there (to the rink) and back and she kept coming back with medals, but I couldn’t understand what it was. Granny didn’t know. “I still don’t understand what they are doing.” 
967164750835699714	2018-02-23 22:30:20	https://t.co/lis8FZgDYk	U.S. M&amp;A lending hits early year high with jumbo loans https://t.co/lis8FZgDYk https://t.co/VNOqqqc7mT	 NEW YORK (LPC) - A flurry of huge US acquisitions is pushing high-grade M&A lending to early year highs as blue-chip firms take advantage of US tax reform and try to fight off the threat of online retail giant Amazon. Looser US tax rules could produce a record year for M&A deals. About US$120bn of M&A loans have been completed or are in process so far this year, including a record US$100bn loan backing Broadcom’s hostile bid for rival Qualcomm. This compares with US$203bn of loans completed in 2017, according to Thomson Reuters LPC data. In a bid to fight off Broadcom, Qualcomm increased its own bid to buy NXP Semiconductors to US$44bn and said that it intended to fund the additional consideration with cash and new debt. In an eventful week, Broadcom also reduced its bid for Qualcomm to US$117bn from US$121bn, after objecting to Qualcomm’s NXP bid. Broadcom’s record loan, which has required the biggest-ever bank commitments of more than US$10bn each from some lenders, has been receiving a positive response from lenders undaunted by its size. “The Broadcom/Qualcomm deal shows that you can raise US$100bn pretty easily, and banks are clamoring to get in,” a senior banker said. Another jumbo multibillion dollar loan is looming for drugstore operator Walgreens to back its potential purchase of drug distributor AmerisourceBergen to boost its 26% stake. General Mills’ US$8bn acquisition of Blue Buffalo Pet Products is also backed by a bridge loan provided by Goldman Sachs. “Deals beget deals,” the senior banker said. “To me, the single biggest change is that you’ve got clarity on tax and regulatory rules.” M&A deals backing Wyndham Worldwide Corp’s purchase of La Quinta Holdings’ hotel operations and Hubbell’s acquisition of Aclara Technologies have already been completed this year. The swelling pipeline also includes large financings backing the merger of beverage companies Dr Pepper Snapple Group and Keurig Green Mountain as well as Energizer Holdings’ buy of Spectrum Brands’ battery and portable lighting business. M&A activity was muted in 2017 due to uncertainty about whether the Trump administration could push through the biggest overhaul of the US tax system in more than 30 years, but the bill was signed in late December. The US corporate tax rate was cut to 21% from 35%, which helps to boost profits and better position some companies to pull the trigger on takeovers. “There was uncertainty around tax at the end of the year, which made it hard to do a large deal, but now that there’s clarity, some of that pent up demand for assets is going to come out,” said another senior banker. “It’s pretty broad-based: healthcare, pharma, tech, industrials.” Fear of online retailer Amazon is also driving consolidation that is reshaping entire sectors, spurred by the giant retailer’s acquisition of upscale grocer Whole Foods Market last year. “Amazon comes in and buys Whole Foods, and suddenly all hell breaks loose in grocery retail and everyone has to respond,” the first senior banker said. “There’s now Walgreens with AmerisourceBergen, seeking scale to compete with Amazon, which wants to get into the drug delivery chain. There are ripple effects everywhere.” February’s stock market volatility appears to have subsided enough to keep the deal machine active as borrowing costs remain low and the economy gathers pace. Credit is plentiful and liquid banks are eager to lend and rack up related fees. “The market is there in spades in terms of financing, and banks are beating each other up to participate in these financings,” the first senior banker said. While some companies are accelerating growth by making acquisitions, others, including General Electric and Honeywell International, will be shedding businesses to streamline and enhance profits. Those spinoffs will also create demand for loans to support the new entities, helping to boost income earned from arranging the funding. Lenders of the US$100bn in loans for Broadcom’s proposed purchase of Qualcomm stand to pull in as much as US$300m to US$400m from upfront arrangement fees, according to Freeman Consulting Services. If the US$31bn bridge-to-bond portion is replaced by bonds, there could be an added US$150m to US$200m earned on underwriting. If the deal materializes, these tallies alone will surpass fee income of just under US$300m earned by banks on all US investment-grade syndicated lending in last year’s first quarter, Freeman’s data show. 
967152105701236738	2018-02-23 21:40:05	https://t.co/glntb5lC0c	Legal hurdles, not Amazon, key concern for U.S. dental supply firms https://t.co/glntb5lC0c https://t.co/UhNt22qO2d	 (Reuters) - Henry Schein Inc (HSIC.O) and Patterson Cos Inc (PDCO.O) have bigger things to worry about than Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) potentially disrupting the niche dental-equipment market they dominate in the United States. Their stocks, as well as those of other U.S. drug and medical equipment suppliers, have taken a beating in the past year as speculation over Amazon expanding its considerable reach gained momentum. But investors and analysts told Reuters that the larger overhang on the two dental suppliers, and privately held Benco Dental Supply, is a recent complaint filed against them by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. The complaint alleges that the three companies broke antitrust law by conspiring to refuse discounts to dentists. The administrative trial is scheduled to begin on Oct. 16. The trial could last years, and even a quick settlement could force the companies to ramp up discounts to customers and in turn pressure their margins, investors and analysts said. “I think for now I would avoid investing in that particular industry, and kind of keep a careful watch,” said Michael Arone, chief investment strategist at State Street Global Advisors, which owns shares in Henry Schein and Patterson. All three companies have issued public statement denying the FTC’s allegations. Patterson declined to comment further. Henry Schein, in a letter it sent customers on Thursday, said the FTC was“essentially asking us to stop doing something that we believe we never did in the first place.” A spokeswoman for Benco Dental said the company expected "to fully resolve this issue in a way that clarifies the integrity of our people and processes." (bit.ly/2FlQLof) Henry Schein shares have lost nearly a fourth of their value, while Patterson’s stock is down 30 percent since May, roughly when speculation of Amazon’s entry into their market started. After Henry Schein reported quarterly results on Tuesday, several analysts cut their price targets on its stock, mainly due to the risks associated with the FTC complaint. “While the FTC allegation is for injunctive relief and seeks no monetary damages or fines, there is no clear timeline to a resolution of the matter,” Evercore ISI analyst Ross Muken said in a research note. He lowered his rating on Henry Schein to“in-line” from“outperform” and said he expected gains in the company’s stock to remain muted until further clarity on the complaint, possibly in late 2018 or early 2019. The companies are likely to settle, legal experts said. In a similar complaint in 2015, a small Meridian, Idaho-based provider of drug-and-alcohol testing services settled with the FTC months after the regulator filed a complaint alleging the company was colluding with a rival to keep prices high. (bit.ly/2opA7Ma) Antitrust lawyers, however, said the FTC’s complaint against the dental suppliers was more serious than usual and did not rely on just circumstantial evidence. “It appears the FTC has evidence of an explicit agreement between at least two of these so-called competitors and that is a stronger case than what you often typically see,” said Nicholas Gravante, an antitrust lawyer at Boies Schiller Flexner. Gravante is not involved with the complaint. Still, Wall Street analysts mostly remain bullish about these companies’ businesses, even with the looming threat of Amazon, which they said could take a while to play out. Last week, the Wall Street Journal reported that the ecommerce giant was looking to expand its business-to-business marketplace that already sells professional medical products and hospital consumables such as gloves. Analysts said the dental companies were shielded by their long-standing relationships with dentists, while their narrow-margin business model may make it tough for Amazon to undercut them. “I think Amazon is certainly a threat, certainly a negative, but not to the extent to which stocks like Henry Schein sold off,” said Kevin Kedra, an analyst at Gabelli & Co. Gabelli owns less than 1 percent of Henry Schein shares and about 2 percent of Patterson. 
967149634610257925	2018-02-23 21:30:16	https://t.co/1ICH3cwjRJ	Dropbox files for IPO of up to $500 million https://t.co/1ICH3cwjRJ https://t.co/OpRzrRBuv4	 (Reuters) - Data-sharing business Dropbox Inc on Friday filed for an initial public offering of up to $500 million with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The San Francisco-based company, which started as a free service to share and store photos, music and other large files, competes with much larger technology firms such as Alphabet Inc’s (GOOGL.O) Google, Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O) and Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) as well as cloud-storage rival Box Inc (BOX.N). It plans to have its common stock listed on Nasdaq under the ticker symbol "DBX." (bit.ly/2omUnih) In its regulatory filing, Dropbox reported 2017 revenue of $1.11 billion, up 31 percent from $844.8 million a year earlier. The company’s net loss narrowed to $111.7 million in 2017 from $210.2 million in 2016. “With over a $1 billion in revenues it speaks to Dropbox’s success over the past few years and is an impressive number in a fertile space,” said Daniel Ives at research firm GBH Insights.“Dropbox’s business model has scaled successfully.” The company’s biggest challenge is explaining to Wall Street what differentiates Dropbox from its many competitors, Box Chief Executive Aaron Levie told Reuters on Friday. “If Dropbox continues to focus on their user experience, they’ll be able to compete successfully for consumers and professionals,” Levie said. Dropbox, which has 11 million paying users across 180 countries, said that about half of its 2017 revenue came from customers outside the United States. Goldman Sachs & Co, JPMorgan and Deutsche Bank Securities are some of the leading underwriters for the IPO. The amount of money a company says it plans to raise in its first IPO filing is usually a temporary placeholder. 
967147198180884485	2018-02-23 21:20:35	https://t.co/2AzXPfkfr9	Over 100 Central American migrants rescued from truck in northern Mexico https://t.co/2AzXPfkfr9	 MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - More than 100 Central American migrants, including dozens of minors, were rescued from a truck found abandoned in a violent region of northern Mexico near the U.S. border, authorities said on Friday. The migrants, from Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador, were suffering from dehydration and asphyxiation when soldiers came across the truck in Tamaulipas, where migrants often attempt illegal border crossings. Every year, thousands of Central Americans seeking to flee violence and poverty in their homeland use Mexico as a conduit to the United States, often transported by human traffickers in dangerous conditions that can be fatal. Mexico’s migration institute INM said soldiers patrolling in the city of Camargo in Tamaulipas heard yells for help from within the truck’s trailer, where they discovered 103 migrants, including 36 minors, who had been crammed together for about 12 hours. A photo sent by the INM appeared to show some of the migrants’ belongings in the back of the truck, including a small, pink backpack, duffel bags and trash strewn across the floor. A dozen of the minors were traveling alone and will receive legal aid to apply for refugee status in Mexico, the INM said. It did not specify when the migrants were found. U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday urged Mexico to do more to prevent violent illegal immigrants from El Salvador from entering the United States, again pushing his long-proposed border wall but stopping short of his previous claims that Mexico would fund it. In a Twitter post, Trump said U.S. law enforcement was removing Salvadoran gang members but that they continued to return, adding:“El Salvador just takes our money, and Mexico must help MORE with this problem. We need The Wall!” More than 800 Central American migrants have been found in truck trailers or safe houses in Mexico so far this year, according to a government document seen by Reuters. In July, 10 people died after a truck stuffed with more than 100 Guatemalan and Mexican migrants was abandoned in a Texas parking lot. 
967144057188253696	2018-02-23 21:08:06	https://t.co/WhGDY6DZQY	Roommates' delight at skicross one-two https://t.co/WhGDY6DZQY by @TarrantJack #PyeongChang2018. More from the Wint… https://t.co/a9lIEiPmEt	 PYEONGCHANG, South Korea (Reuters) - As Canada secured their third consecutive title in the women’s ski cross on Friday, the moment was extra special for gold medalist Kelsey Serwa as the woman next to her on the podium was best friend Brittany Phelan. The two women share a room in the Olympic village and have been close friends ever since Phelan made the switch from Alpine skiing four years ago. Phelan said that Serwa, who won silver in Sochi, had taught her the invaluable lessons that led to Friday’s podium finish. “She is my teammate and best friend and somebody who has really taught me everything about this sport,” said Phelan, who was keen to stress their friendship went out the window when the event began. “We gave each other a couple of fist bumps at the start and we are obviously super happy to see both of us in the final but once the gate drops you go as hard as you can and fight for the finish line.” Serwa said the relationship was hardly one way. “She has taught me as much back,” the 28-year-old said. “We bounce ideas off each other all the time, we do video together, we train together. There are no secrets between us. “Before the race we have this stupid chant and pounded knuckles. That is all we need to get each other fired up and it says everything in three words.” 
967143718070509569	2018-02-23 21:06:45	https://t.co/JmS6aWBzZ8	U.S. imposes more North Korea sanctions, Trump warns of 'phase two' https://t.co/JmS6aWBzZ8	 WASHINGTON/SEOUL (Reuters) - The United States said on Friday it was imposing its largest package of sanctions to pressure North Korea to give up its nuclear and missile programs, and President Donald Trump warned of a“phase two” that could be“very, very unfortunate for the world” if the steps did not work. In addressing the Trump administration’s biggest national security challenge, the U.S. Treasury sanctioned one person, 27 companies and 28 ships, according to a statement on the U.S. Treasury Department’s website. The United States also proposed a list of entities to be blacklisted under separate U.N. sanctions, a move“aimed at shutting down North Korea’s illicit maritime smuggling activities to obtain oil and sell coal.” North Korea has been developing nuclear-tipped missiles capable of reaching the U.S. mainland and Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un have exchanged taunts that have raised fears of war. In August, Trump threatened to go beyond sanctions by bringing“fire and fury like the world has never seen,” although his administration has repeatedly said it prefers a diplomatic solution to the crisis. Speaking at a news conference with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, Trump made apparent reference to military options his administration has repeatedly said remain on the table. “If the sanctions don’t work, we’ll have to go phase two,” Trump said.“Phase two may be a very rough thing, may be very, very unfortunate for the world. But hopefully the sanctions will work.” The sanctions’ targets include a Taiwan passport holder, as well as shipping and energy firms in mainland China, Hong Kong, Taiwan and Singapore. The actions block assets held by the firms and individuals in the United States and prohibit U.S. citizens from dealing with them. The U.S. Treasury said the sanctions were designed to disrupt North Korean shipping and trading companies and vessels and further isolate Pyongyang. They are also aimed at ships located, registered or flagged in North Korea, China, Singapore, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Marshall Islands, Tanzania, Panama and the Comoros. Last month, three Western European intelligence sources told Reuters that North Korea shipped coal to Russia last year and that it was then delivered to South Korea and Japan in a likely violation of U.N. sanctions. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin said the new sanctions would help prevent North Korea from skirting restrictions on trade in coal and other fuel through“evasive maritime activities.” “The president is clearly frustrated and rightly so over the efforts that have failed in the past and also over the uptick in testing and the advances we’ve seen in the North Korean program,” a senior administration official told reporters. At another briefing, Mnuchin stood next to enlarged photos he said showed December 2017 images that revealed ship-to-ship transfers of fuel and other products destined for North Korea in an attempt to evade sanctions. He said he could not rule out the prospect of the United States boarding and inspecting North Korean ships. Mnuchin said virtually all shipping currently being used by North Korea was now under sanction and the U.S. government had “issued an advisory alerting the public to the significant sanctions risks to those continuing to enable shipments of goods to and from North Korea.” Mnuchin said the number of sanctions steps taken by the United States against Pyongyang since 2005 was now 450 with approximately half imposed in the last year. Christopher Ford, assistant secretary of state for international security and non-proliferation, told reporters sanctions already had affected North Korea’s weapons programs and this was shown by the lengths North Korea was going to try to evade sanctions. Jonathan Schanzer of the Washington think tank Foundation for the Defense of Democracies said Friday’s move was“the largest tranche of DPRK (North Korea) sanctions” released by the Treasury Department. “The only thing missing here today is action against Chinese banks,” he said.“We know they continue to undermine our efforts to isolate North Korea.” Tougher sanctions may jeopardize the latest detente between the two Koreas, illustrated by the North’s participation in the Winter Olympics in the South, amid preparations for talks about a possible summit between North Korea’s Kim and South Korean President Moon Jae-in. Nevertheless, South Korea welcomed the U.S. sanctions saying they would“alert those who are illegally trading with North Korea and therefore bolster the international community to carry out resolutions from the U.N. Security Council”. Japan also supported the new sanctions, Defence Minister Itsunori Onodera said, according to the Kyodo news agency. Taiwan said it was in touch with the United States and would investigate its citizens and entities suspected of helping North Korea. It also called on Taiwan firms and citizens not to break U.N. sanctions. Reuters was unable to locate contact details for the Chinese companies listed in the new U.S. sanctions. In a commentary carried by Korean Central News Agency on Saturday, North Korea said it never intended to aim its nuclear weapons at South Korea, adding the weapons will only be aimed at the United States. North Korea last year conducted dozens of missile launches and its sixth and largest nuclear test in defiance of U.N. Security Council resolutions. It defends the weapons programs as essential to deter U.S. aggression. It has been more than two months since North Korea’s last missile test. Kim said he wants to boost the“warm climate of reconciliation and dialogue” with South Korea, which hosts 28,500 U.S. troops, after a high-level delegation, including his sister, returned from the Olympics. In an extension of that rapprochement, the North agreed on Friday to hold working-level talks on Tuesday for the Pyeongchang Winter Paralympics on the North’s side of the border village of Panmunjom. In December, the United Nations approved a U.S.-drafted measure limiting North Korea’s access to refined petroleum products and crude oil, which North Korea said amounted to an act of war. In January, Washington announced a round of sanctions and urged China and Russia to expel North Koreans raising funds for the programs. The U.N. Security Council banned North Korean exports of coal on Aug. 5 under sanctions intended to cut off an important source of the foreign currency Pyongyang needs to fund its weapons programs. The new U.S. sanctions were announced while Trump’s daughter, Ivanka Trump, is visiting South Korea. At a dinner with Moon at Seoul’s presidential Blue House, Ivanka Trump said the United States wanted to“reaffirm our commitment to our maximum pressure campaign to ensure that the Korean Peninsula is denuclearized.” Moon said North Korea’s participation in the Olympics had“led to lowering of tensions on the peninsula and an improvement in inter-Korean relations” and were thanks to President Trump’s“strong support for inter-Korean dialogue.” Ivanka Trump’s visit to South Korea coincides with that of a sanctioned North Korean official, Kim Yong Chol, vice chairman of the North’s ruling Workers’ Party’s Central Committee blamed for the 2010 sinking of a South Korean navy ship that killed 46 sailors. His delegation will attend the closing ceremony and also meet Moon. The Blue House has said there are no official opportunities for U.S. and North Korean officials to meet. 
967139448885571585	2018-02-23 20:49:47	https://t.co/RHUwWzZEtI	Google raises price of YouTube TV, adds sports, Turner https://t.co/RHUwWzZEtI https://t.co/8iMj7jLowK	 (Reuters) - Alphabet Inc’s Google is raising the price of its YouTube TV online service for new customers as it adds channels from Time Warner Inc’s Turner, National Basketball League and Major League Baseball, the company said Wednesday. Less than one year after launching YouTube TV, the company is increasing its pricing to $40 per month from $35 per month as it adds Turner’s channels, which include TNT, CNN and TBS, and soon will be adding MLB Network and NBA TV, the company said. Google is expanding its offering at a time when a growing number of competing services, such as Dish Network Corp’s Sling TV, AT&T’s DirecTV Now and Hulu, are vying to win over the growing number of viewers who are cancelling their cable subscriptions to watch their favorite shows online. The four largest cable and satellite companies lost 1.5 million pay TV customers in 2017. DirectTV Now has over 2 million subscribers, according to AT&T. Sling TV, Hulu and YouTube TV do not disclose how many users they have, but research firm BTIG estimates they respectively had 2.1 million, 500,000 and 350,000 as of the end of 2017. The costs for these competing offerings range from $20 for Sling TV’s most basic offering of 30 channels to $39.99 for Hulu’s one with more than 50 channels and its library of shows and movies, which costs $7.99 separately. Google is betting that its strong sports offering will help win over more subscribers, said Heather Moosnick, director of content partnerships, YouTube TV. “Sports is really one of the key offerings that a millennial would be willing to pay for a live TV service,” she said. To that end, Google has targeted sports fans with its TV ads this year. Ninety-six percent of YouTube TV’s ads on television so far this year have appeared during sports programming, including the Super Bowl, according to iSpot.tv, which tracks TV ads. When Google launched YouTube TV last April it was cautious with how much content it was offering so that it could keep the price low enough to entice cord cutters or people considering cutting the cord, Moosnick said. At launch YouTube TV offered almost 50 channels in five markets. With these additions, YouTube TV will have almost 60 channels, and be in 100 markets, Moosnick said. The new pricing will take effect for new users who sign up after March 13, the company said. 
967137388232429569	2018-02-23 20:41:36	https://t.co/NqomA2yFlq	Pakistan could evict, rather than kill, militants: U.S. official https://t.co/NqomA2yFlq	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Pakistan need not kill or capture militants such as members of the Haqqani network that use its territory to launch attacks in Afghanistan but could push them across the border instead, a senior U.S. official said on Friday. Evicting the militants would put them at risk of attack from Afghan and U.S. forces trying to keep Afghanistan from becoming a launching pad for strikes on the West more than 16 years after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks on New York and Washington. The United States is pressuring Pakistan to cease providing sanctuary - which it denies giving - to Islamist militants unleashing chaos in neighboring Afghanistan. On Jan. 4, Washington said it would suspend some security aid to Islamabad to get it to end support for the Afghan Taliban and the allied Haqqani network whose attacks in Afghanistan have killed U.S., Afghan and other forces. The senior U.S. official said in an interview that since the aid suspension - which U.S. officials later said could affect as much as about $2 billion - the United States has not seen any sustained Pakistani effort against the militants. In the latest U.S.-led push to spur Pakistani action, a global money-laundering watchdog decided to put the country back on its terrorist financing watch list, a Pakistani government official and a diplomat told Reuters in Islamabad. The U.S. official dismissed suggestions pressure from Washington may backfire and suggested that Pakistan might start by taking smaller, tactical steps, including forcing such groups into Afghanistan before the spring fighting season begins. “I don’t think Pakistan is feeling its oats. I think it’s feeling pressure,” said the U.S. official, who spoke on condition of anonymity.“We have their attention.” The official said the United States did not have a specific timeline to assess Pakistani cooperation and would be looking to see if Islamabad would take“tactical steps” such as“actions against ... (the) Haqqanis, pushing them across the border. “They don’t have to arrest them or kill them ... just get them into Afghanistan, disrupt some of the infrastructure that exists, make it harder for them,” the official added.“We are about two months away from the fighting season, so now is the time to do some of this.” Some in the U.S. government doubt Pakistan will comply. In a Feb. 13 statement to Congress, U.S. Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats said Pakistan would maintain“its ties with militant groups, restricting counter-terrorism cooperation” with the United States. 
967134695778643968	2018-02-23 20:30:54	https://t.co/FsqMUKzJYs	Support for independence drops to four-year low in Catalonia https://t.co/FsqMUKzJYs	 MADRID (Reuters) - The number of Catalans in favor of their region becoming independent from Spain has dropped to a four-year low, a survey showed on Friday, casting renewed doubt over the secession campaign just as its leaders disagree on the way forward. Catalonia, a wealthy region in northern Spain, made a unilateral declaration of independence in October but the move was stopped by the Spanish authorities because it was against the country’s constitution. The region, which has its own language and extensive devolved powers, has since then been ruled directly by the central government in Madrid. Secessionist parties won a regional election in December but they have since then failed to agree on how the region should be ruled. Some in the independence camp want former regional head Carles Puigdemont to govern from Brussels where he is in self-imposed exile since October, a solution that faces many potential legal hurdles, while others would prefer to pick a candidate with a lower profile in order to ease tensions. The closely watched quarterly survey from the Centro d’Estudis d’Opinio showed 40.8 percent of Catalans backed a split from Spain from 48.7 percent in October. In the meantime, support for Catalonia remaining within Spain jumped to 53.9 percent from 43.6 percent, its highest level in four years. The new regional parliament is due to hold its first regular session next week to discuss how to break the deadlock. 
967132042482896896	2018-02-23 20:20:22	https://t.co/OAHLHKfcQ3	UK's May to set out Brexit wishes; EU says ideas so far are 'pure illusion' https://t.co/OAHLHKfcQ3	 LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May will outline her wishes for Britain’s post-Brexit ties with the European Union next week after winning support from key ministers, although European Council President Donald Tusk on Friday called the ideas floated so far“pure illusion”. EU leaders have repeatedly pressed May to detail her vision for future relations, but she has been hampered by divisions within her Conservative Party, with some backing continued close ties and others seeking a“clean break”. In an attempt to forge a common position, May hosted an eight-hour meeting of her so-called Brexit war committee on Thursday at her 16th-century country residence outside London. Few details of the discussions were released, but one source said May had accepted the argument of those ministers who wanted to diverge more quickly from EU rules and regulations. “It was a very positive meeting and a step forward, agreeing the basis of the prime minister’s speech on our future relationship,” May’s spokesman told reporters, adding that she would deliver her speech on March 2. “The prime minister has set out her plans clearly; we are working towards getting a deal that we believe will work for all parts of the UK and deliver as frictionless a border as possible and tariff-free trade.” Britain has little time to negotiate the terms of the divorce and the outlines of the future relationship before it leaves the EU on March 29 next year. “NO CHERRY-PICKING” The other 27 members of the EU, who together have about five times Britain’s economic might, have a strong incentive to deny the UK a deal so attractive that it might encourage others to follow the British example. The EU will not agree to the kind of“managed divergence” Britain is believed to favour in its future relationship, sources in Brussels said on Thursday. That plan would have Britain sticking to EU rules in some areas, diverging moderately in others and opting for very different solutions for the rest. The EU says this smacks of“cherry-picking”, or of Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson’s view that Britain can“have its cake and eat it”. “I am afraid that the UK position today is based on pure illusion,” Tusk told journalists after 27 EU leaders - all apart from May - met in Brussels. “It seems like the‘cake’ philosophy is still alive. From the very start it has been a key clear principle of the EU 27 that there can be no cherry-picking and no single market‘a la carte’.” He said the remaining EU states would adopt a joint stance on the post-Brexit relationship in a summit at the end of March, whether London provided input or not, and would be“extremely realistic in our assessment of possible new proposals”. Many businesses and investors complain that they still lack details on how trade will flow between the world’s biggest trading bloc and its sixth largest economy after Brexit. Chancellor Philip Hammond, the most pro-European of May’s senior team, said he felt a“real sense of momentum” towards agreeing a transition deal with the EU at the summit. But former prime minister Tony Blair said the government was not being realistic. “They’re basically still in‘have cake and eat it’ mode and it won’t work,” Blair said. If Britain wanted a close trading relationship with the EU, it would have to keep in line with EU rules and standards, he added. Opponents of Brexit in Britain are seeking to halt the process and even trigger a rerun of the shock 2016 referendum. Eloise Todd, the chief executive officer of‘Best for Britain’, which is about to launch a major campaign, said the odds of stopping Brexit were now close to 50-50. Rebel Conservative lawmaker Anna Soubry is seeking to amend the government’s trade bill to oblige Britain to form a customs union with the EU after Brexit, a move that would complicate May’s attempts to keep her party behind her. That chimes with the main opposition Labour Party, whose spokeswoman for foreign affairs said it would seek to join a new customs union with the EU after Brexit. “Technically, because we’re leaving the European Union, we can’t be in the customs union we are in now,” Emily Thornberry said.“We leave and then we have to negotiate a new agreement that, we think, is likely to be a customs union that will look pretty much like the current customs union.” Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, who says he supports leaving the EU, is due to give a speech on Brexit on Monday. His party has said it will have a strong emphasis on retaining the benefits of the EU’s single market and the customs union. 
967128073136197632	2018-02-23 20:04:35	https://t.co/ZczW4XSYri	EU's Tusk warns Poland must stop anti-Semitic remarks https://t.co/ZczW4XSYri	 BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Poland’s ruling party must do everything it can to stop anti-Semitic remarks that are hurting Poland’s standing in the world and putting its interests at risk, European Council President Donald Tusk told a news conference on Friday. Tusk, a former Polish prime minister, said after he met Poland’s Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki that discussions with other European leaders showed the situation of Warsaw was“very serious”. “I told the prime minister the situation ... has a direct impact on Polish interests, Poland’s reputation and Poland’s standing in the world,” Tusk said, adding that Morawiecki understood that. “There is only one solution. Everything needs to be done to stop ... the wave of bad opinions about Poland, which today resembles a tsunami, and the second wave of silly and indecent incidents, anti-Semitic statements in Poland,” he said. “The ruling party has all the instruments to stop both these waves if it really wants to. We have all worked hard ... over the last 30 years on good relations of Poland with the world, including Israel and the Jewish community. We cannot allow someone to ruin all that within a few weeks,” he said. “It is not too late for concrete action, just as it is not too late for common human decency,” he said. Poland angered Israel, the United States and Ukraine in February when it passed a law that imposes prison sentences of up to three years on anyone using the phrase“Polish death camps”, or for suggesting“publicly and against the facts” that the“Polish nation” or state was complicit in Nazi Germany’s crimes. Speaking to journalists at a conference of world leaders in Munich last Saturday, Morawiecki further angered international opinion by suggesting Jews themselves had a hand in the Holocaust. Asked to explain the law, Morawiecki said: “You’re not going to be seen as criminal if you say that there were Polish perpetrators, as there were Jewish perpetrators, as there were Russian perpetrators as well as Ukrainian perpetrators — not only German perpetrators.” Naming“Jewish perpetrators” in the same breath as Nazis triggered outrage in Israel and added to growing concern about the rise in nationalism in Poland and tacit government support for far-right views since the Law and Justice (PiS) government took power in late 2015. 
967126696129376257	2018-02-23 19:59:07	https://t.co/eHUQqnmTOD	Russian bobsledder Nadezhda Sergeeva tests positive for banned substance: federation https://t.co/eHUQqnmTOD  by… https://t.co/gRqR5cWp6P	 PYEONGCHANG, South Korea (Reuters) - A second Russian athlete has tested positive for a performance-enhancing drug at the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics, a major blow for the nation’s hopes of regaining its Olympic status and drawing a line under years of doping scandals. Bobsledder Nadezhda Sergeeva tested positive for a heart drug on Feb. 18, five days after a previous doping test returned a negative result for her, the Russian bobsleigh federation said in a statement on Friday. “On Feb. 13, her sample was clean. The team’s medical staff did not prescribe the drug to the athlete,” the federation said in a post on its official Facebook page. “The Bobsleigh Federation of Russia and the athlete herself understand the extent of their responsibility and understand how what has happened can have an impact on the fate of the whole team.” Earlier this week, Russian curling medalist Alexander Krushelnitsky agreed to hand back his mixed-team bronze medal after testing positive for meldonium, which can aid in endurance. Krushelnitsky’s case shocked the Russian athletes, who are competing at the Games as neutral athletes as punishment over allegations that the sporting powerhouse ran a systematic, state-backed doping program. Moscow denies this. But his case also raised doubts about whether the violation was intentional because meldonium would offer few benefits in curling, which does not involve intense physical exertion. At that point, there were still Russian hopes that the International Olympic Committee (IOC) would go ahead and lift its suspension of Russia’s Olympic committee and allow them to march with the Russian flag at Sunday’s closing ceremony. That prospect is now severely complicated by the second positive test of a Russian athlete. Russia now accounts for two out of four positive tests during the Games. The IOC did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The news came a few hours after hundreds of Russian fans roared in celebration when teenage figure skater Alina Zagitova delivered their team’s first gold medal. 
967125596173225988	2018-02-23 19:54:45	https://t.co/Y66rZjoE33	Mobile industry promises smarter everything at Barcelona show https://t.co/Y66rZjoE33 https://t.co/rSZMeNB17T	 FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Two words - artificial intelligence - promise to upstage familiar technology industry themes like 5G, the Internet of Things and virtual reality at next week’s Mobile World Congress, Europe’s biggest annual technology industry gathering. Telecom operators are looking to artificial intelligence as a potential money-spinner to combat stagnating mobile service revenues as once-lucrative features like text messaging have become commoditized and customer growth wanes as almost everyone who can afford a phone and a data plan already has one. Artificial intelligence, or AI, uses computers to perform tasks normally requiring human intelligence, such as taking decisions, recognizing text, speech and images, or translating foreign languages. Several big-name telecom providers are launching own-brand home digital assistants which are two-way speakers such as those used by Amazon’s Alexa or Google’s Home. France’s Orange has Djingo; Germany’s Deutsche Telekom Magenta and Spain’s Telefonica Aura, market research firm Ovum said. Device makers also spot a marketing opportunity for their latest glass-and-metal phones by including AI features inside to help cameras take smarter pictures or to anticipate the interests of their users. But the industry needs to show it can do more with AI than play buzzword bingo, Ben Wood, a consumer electronics analyst at CCS Insight, said. “Although we’re hugely enthusiastic about the technology itself, we’re increasingly concerned about the way in which it’s being marketed,” he said. Barcelona will feature a series of announcements by mobile operators which want to reinvent themselves as digital‘platforms’ – offering apps such as video messaging; music streaming or mobile video on demand on top of their traditional voice- and data-driven services. Turkcell, for example, aims to offer its Lifecell platform, which includes a range of apps for messaging, entertainment, music, TV and e-commerce, to foreign partners at the event. The industry also wants to do much more with the data it collects from its users which will give network operators insights into spending patterns. Processing new streams of data from networks of industrial or road sensors also holds promise. Yet this pits them against the likes of U.S. tech giants Amazon, Google or Facebook that have proven adept at recruiting users and exploiting their data to sell products, services or advertising. 4-EYED PHONES AND REAL 5G Asian smartphone makers will launch an array of new phones this weekend, but many are international versions of models already on sale in China, which with 1.4 billion subscribers is, by far, the world’s biggest mobile market. The big smartphone launch on Sunday evening by Samsung of its new flagship phone, the Galaxy S9, ahead of the conference will have a focus on dual camera features, Wood said. Cameras, the more the merrier, are all the rage, with some phone models boasting four to five built-in cameras, said. The exhibition halls in Barcelona will be full of talk of ultra-fast mobile video, connected cars, factory automation, digital health and smarter cities. Also, 5G, long the subject of arcane technical debates and an elusive search for concrete applications, is finally getting down to business. The first commercial 5G roll-outs begin this year and next in the United States, Korea and Japan, creating new revenue streams for operators and beaten-down equipment makers. But 5G remains an abstraction for consumers, Forrester analyst Thomas Husson wrote in a blog post ahead of the show. Early 5G devices are set to go on show next week after smartphone chip maker Qualcomm earlier this month announced 5G-ready chips with 18 network operators and 19 device makers, analysts said. 
967123743674896384	2018-02-23 19:47:23	https://t.co/WkGEGvBCIp	Corporate America under pressure to cut ties with NRA https://t.co/WkGEGvBCIp https://t.co/BaqiTyMZkp	 NEW YORK (Reuters) - The fallout over last week’s shooting rampage at a Florida high school started to take its toll on the National Rifle Association’s roster of corporate partners on Friday as a half dozen companies severed marketing ties with the gun advocacy organization. The exodus of corporate names, ranging from a major insurer to car rental brands and a household moving company, occurred after the NRA launched a counter-offensive against a student-led campaign for tighter U.S. gun ownership laws. At the same time, gun control activists are stepping up pressure on Amazon.com Inc and other online streaming platforms to drop the online video channel NRATV, featuring gun-friendly programming produced by the NRA. Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America, founded after 20 first-graders were shot and killed at a Connecticut school in 2012, sent letters to Apple Inc, AT&T Inc, Amazon, Alphabet Inc’s Google and Roku Inc on Friday, asking them to drop NRATV from their platforms. “We have been just disgusted by NRATV since its beginning,” Shannon Watts, founder of the Moms Demand Action group, told Reuters.“It tries to pit Americans against one another, all in an attempt to further their agenda of selling guns.” AT&T said it does not carry NRATV. None of the other companies immediately responded to requests for comment. The issue of gun control, and the NRA’s role in opposing it, became the focus of renewed national debate on Feb. 14, when a former student killed 17 people at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, with an AR-15 assault rifle he had purchased legally. The U.S. Constitution’s Second Amendment protects the right of Americans to bear arms. The NRA, which has long used campaign donations and effective lobbying to command political influence, argues that stricter gun control would erode individual rights. The group has not commented on companies cutting ties. Angry student survivors of the shooting have confronted politicians from state lawmakers to U.S. President Donald Trump himself, demanding stricter gun control laws. In response, the NRA and Trump have suggested arming teachers who have received training to deter attackers, a proposal that has been met with skepticism by teachers unions and gun violence experts. Before the corporate defections, nearly two dozen companies nationwide had offered incentives to NRA members, according to ThinkProgress.com, a news site owned by the Center for American Progress Action Fund. The attrition started late Thursday when three rental car brands owned by Enterprise Holdings Inc said they were ending discount programs, and First National Bank of Omaha said it would not renew the NRA’s contract to issue a co-branded Visa card. By Friday, the list of defectors expanded to include Symantec Corp, which ended an discount program for its LifeLock identity theft product. Home security company SimpliSafe and Hertz Corp also terminated discount programs. Chubb Ltd said it would stop underwriting a NRA-branded insurance policy for gun owners that covers legal costs in self-defense shootings. Another insurer, MetLife Inc, also said it had ended an auto and home incentive program for NRA members. And North American Van Lines said it was scrapping its an affiliate relationship with the NRA. David Hogg, one of the student survivors of last week’s attack who launched the #NeverAgain anti-gun violence movement, said the students would target any company with ties to the NRA, in addition to lawmakers who accept donations. About a dozen other companies with marketing ties to the NRA, including FedEx Corp and Hertz, which offer discount programs, did not respond to requests for comment. Activists have also called on public pension funds to divest from gun maker stocks, which were broadly lower on Friday. Meanwhile, an online campaign using the Twitter hashtag #StopNRAmazon picked up steam, putting pressure on Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos to drop the channel. Many of those tweeting are in the entertainment industry. “Ironic how the @NRA likes to point a finger at what kids watch on TV ... while they spew vile rhetoric on NRAtv, streamed on @Amazon and aimed solely at boosting gun sales,” wrote screenwriter Randi Mayem Singer. Moms Demand Action, which sent the letters to the streaming platform, also posted an online petition using the hashtag #DumpNRATV. “To be affiliated with them, whether you are a company or a lawmaker, it is not going to pay off in the long run,” said Watts, the group’s founder, signaling the start of a broader campaign.“Doing business with the NRA is clearly bad business.” The target of its ire is NRATV, which describes itself as“America’s Most Patriotic Team on a Mission to Take Back The Truth.” The channel features programming that leans heavily on speeches by NRA chief executive Wayne LaPierre and spokeswoman Dana Loesch. Yet another campaign, using the hashtag #BoycottNRA, was the top trending topic on Twitter on Friday morning. The push is the latest effort by social activists to use social media to apply economic pressure to force change. Last April, Fox News parted ways with television host Bill O’Reilly when sponsors started to drop his show in the wake of sexual harassment allegations against him. Similarly the National Football League announced a tougher policy on handling domestic violence accusations against players when its marketing partners applied pressure for changes. (This version of the story corrects first paragraph to say last week’s rampage, not this week’s) 
967121502511550465	2018-02-23 19:38:29	https://t.co/YUCUzfNZn8	Chileans lose faith as Vatican scrambles to contain sex abuse scandal https://t.co/YUCUzfNZn8	 SANTIAGO (Reuters) - To understand why Chile, one of Latin America’s most socially conservative nations, is losing faith in the Roman Catholic Church, visit Providencia, a middle-class area of Santiago coming to terms with a decades-old clergy sex abuse scandal. Providencia is home to El Bosque, the former parish of priest Fernando Karadima, who was found guilty in a Vatican investigation in 2011 of abusing teenage boys over many years, spurring a chain of events leading to this week’s visit by a Vatican investigator. A Chilean judge in the same year determined the Vatican’s canonical sentence was valid but Karadima was not prosecuted by the civil justice system because the statute of limitations had expired. So many Chileans were shocked in 2015 when Pope Francis appointed as a bishop a clergyman accused of covering up for Karadima, and defended that choice in a visit to Chile last month. Chile remains largely conservative on social issues. It only legalized divorce in 2004, making it one of the last countries in the world to do so. Chile’s ban on abortion, one of the strictest in the world, was lifted in 2017 for special circumstances only. Same-sex marriage remains illegal. Yet El Bosque, like many other Chilean parishes, no longer has the large crowds attending Mass that it did in the 1970s and 1980s, when Karadima was a pillar of the Providencia community. “Karadima did a lot of damage to the Catholic Church,” said Ximena Jara Novoa, 65, a hairdresser who lives in a neighboring community but has worked in Providencia for 45 years. She once counted Karadima’s mother and sister as clients. “If I had been from this neighborhood, I would not let my son go to church anymore,” she said in an interview. A poll by Santiago-based thinktank Latinobarometro in January 2017 showed the number of Chileans calling themselves Catholics had fallen to 45 percent, from 74 percent in 1995. In the same survey, Pope Francis, who hails from neighboring Argentina and is the first Latin American pontiff, was ranked by Chileans asked to evaluate him at 5.3 on a scale of zero to 10, compared to a 6.8 average in Latin America. The pope surprised many Chileans last month by defending the appointment of Bishop Juan Barros, who considered Karadima his mentor and is accused by several men of covering up sexual abuse of minors committed by the priest. Barros, of the southern diocese of Osorno, has said he was unaware of any wrongdoing by Karadima. Just before leaving Chile, the pope testily told a Chilean reporter:“The day I see proof against Bishop Barros, then I will talk. There is not a single piece of evidence against him. It is all slander. Is that clear?” The comments were widely criticized and just days after his return to Rome, Francis made a remarkable U-turn and ordered a Vatican investigation into the accusations. Residents of Providencia, once dotted with mansions belonging to the most powerful families in Santiago but now home to largely upscale high-rise apartments, said the abuse of children by the charismatic Karadima was an open secret as far back as the 1970s. “It was always rumored, everything was talked about. People knew,” Novoa said quietly. But challenging the powerful Church in the once predominately Catholic society was not previously accepted. That is changing. The Vatican special envoy sent by the pope is due to hear testimony from more than 20 sex abuse victims before he leaves Santiago. Archbishop Charles Scicluna, the Vatican’s most experienced sex abuse investigator, also spent four hours in New York speaking to Juan Carlos Cruz, one of Karadima’s most vocal accusers. On Thursday, a group of people who say they were sexually abused by members of the Marist Brothers congregation in Santiago asked Vatican officials to investigate their cases, too. The Vatican’s defense of Barros has been compounded by the perceived lack of punishment of Karadima. Miguel Angel Lopez, a professor at the University of Chile who grew up in Providencia and met Karadima several times when the priest visited his Catholic school, said the legal loophole that allowed the clergyman to escape punishment had infuriated Chileans. “The fact that Karadima didn’t go to jail is one of the reasons people don’t trust the Church much,” Lopez said.“They were very angry.” 
967119029285675008	2018-02-23 19:28:39	https://t.co/1FEddyVW5j	Ecuador says mediation with Britain over Assange has failed https://t.co/1FEddyVW5j	 QUITO (Reuters) - Ecuador blamed Britain on Friday for upending its efforts to mediate a solution for Wikileaks founder Julian Assange, who has lived in the Ecuadorean embassy in London since June 2012 to avoid extradition. Foreign Minister Maria Fernanda Espinosa said Ecuador had hoped to forge an agreement with Britain on Australian-born Assange, who entered the embassy to avoid being sent to Sweden to face allegations of sex crimes, which he has denied. “This has not prospered because to mediate, two parties are needed. Ecuador is willing but the other party is not,” she told reporters. Last week, a British judge refused to halt legal proceedings against Assange, 46. The Swedish case was dropped in May last year, but Britain still has a warrant out for Assange’s arrest over his breach of bail terms. Fernanda Espinosa said Ecuador shared Assange’s fears that he could be extradited to the United States if he left the embassy, given that he has published U.S. diplomatic and military secrets on WikiLeaks, an organization that makes public secret information or news leaks provided by anonymous sources. Ecuador will continue to provide shelter to Assange while he remains under threat and keep searching for ways to resolve the debacle, she said. There is no public record or evidence demonstrating that any U.S. criminal charges are pending against Assange, but he and his supporters believe U.S. prosecutors could have a sealed, and therefore secret, indictment against him. A U.S. government official told Reuters last week that federal prosecutors were still pursuing a criminal investigation against WikiLeaks. [nL8N1Q34YU] 
967119017784893442	2018-02-23 19:28:36	https://t.co/uBOoHH5Kol	EU leaders agree to spend more on migration, defense, security https://t.co/uBOoHH5Kol	 BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Union leaders agreed on Friday to spend more on common defense and security policy, as well as on“fighting illegal migration” in their next long-term budget after Britain leaves the bloc, the chairman of EU leaders, Donald Tusk, said. Speaking at a news conference after a meeting of 27 EU leaders in Brussels, Tusk said, however, that an ambitious deadline for reaching an agreement on the shape of the 2021-2027 budget by the end of the year seemed difficult. Tusk said many of the leaders were ready to contribute more money to the joint pot to compensate for the loss of revenue after Britain leaves in 2019, as well as to finance the new joint policies - but that others were less forthcoming. 
967119017755455489	2018-02-23 19:28:36	https://t.co/PoM5oYba5y	U.S. ready to open Jerusalem embassy in May: State Department https://t.co/PoM5oYba5y	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States said on Friday it will open its embassy to Israel in Jerusalem in May, a move from Tel Aviv that reverses decades of U.S. policy and is bound to trouble U.S. allies who have already objected. U.S. President Donald Trump announced last December that the United States recognized Jerusalem as Israel’s capital, infuriating even Washington’s Arab allies and dismaying Palestinians who want the eastern part of the city as their capital. No other country has recognized Jerusalem as Israel’s capital and Trump’s decision has sown discord between the United States and the European Union over Middle East peace efforts. “We are excited about taking this historic step, and look forward with anticipation to the May opening,” U.S. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said, noting that it will coincide with Israel’s 70th anniversary. The embassy in Jerusalem will be gradually expanded in existing consular facilities in the Arnona neighborhood, while the search for a permanent site has already begun for what Nauert called a“longer-term undertaking.” The interim embassy will have office space for the ambassador and a small staff and, by the end of 2019, a new embassy annex on the Arnona compound will be opened, Nauert said in a statement. The consulate in East Jerusalem will continue to serve Palestinians, and for security reasons U.S. Ambassador David Friedman will continue living in the residence in Herzliya, north of Tel Aviv, and commute to the relocated embassy, another official said, speaking on the condition of anonymity. A May opening is earlier than expected - U.S. Vice President Mike Pence told the Israeli parliament last month that the move would take place by the end of 2019. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu hailed Friday’s U.S. announcement as“a great day for the people of Israel”. Palestinians reacted to the news with anger. “This is an unacceptable step. Any unilateral move will not give legitimacy to anyone and will be an obstacle to any effort to create peace in the region,” said Nabil Abu Rdainah, a spokesman for the Palestinian President, Mahmoud Abbas, who is in the United States until Saturday. The status of Jerusalem — home to sites holy to the Muslim, Jewish and Christian religions — has been one of the thorniest issues in long-running Mideast peace efforts. In a speech on Friday to a gathering of conservatives in suburban Washington, Trump recalled his controversial decision, saying he withstood enormous pressure to make the move. “I put the word out that I may do it. I was hit by more countries and more pressure and more people calling, begging me ‘Don’t do it. Don’t do it. Don’t do it,’” Trump said. “I said we have to do it. It’s the right thing to do. It’s the right thing to do, we have to do it. And I did it.” Clashes erupted in Gaza and the West Bank earlier on Friday, in a weekly protest against Trump’s stance on Jerusalem. Palestinian health officials have said at least 20 Palestinians, most of them in Gaza, have been killed in protests against Trump’s decision since he announced it on Dec. 6. 
967117701540958209	2018-02-23 19:23:22	https://t.co/K5Va5E2E8k	Syria's eastern Ghouta bombed again before U.N. ceasefire vote https://t.co/K5Va5E2E8k	 UNITED NATIONS/BEIRUT (Reuters) - The U.N. Security Council on Friday delayed a vote on a demand for a 30-day ceasefire in Syria, where pro-government warplanes have been pounding the last rebel bastion near Damascus in one of the deadliest bombing campaigns of the seven-year civil war. A draft resolution aimed at ending the carnage in the eastern Ghouta district and elsewhere in Syria will be put up for a vote in the 15-member council at noon (1700 GMT) on Saturday, Kuwait’s U.N. Ambassador Mansour Ayyad Al-Otaibi said. The 24-hour delay followed a flurry of last-minute negotiations on the text drafted by Sweden and Kuwait after Russia, a veto-holding ally of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, proposed new amendments on Friday. “Unbelievable that Russia is stalling a vote on a ceasefire allowing humanitarian access in Syria,” U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Nikki Haley posted on Twitter. Talks have centered on the paragraph demanding a cessation of hostilities for 30 days to allow aid access and medical evacuations. A proposal for the truce to start 72 hours after the resolution’s adoption has been watered-down to instead demand it start“without delay” in a bid to win Russian support. Diplomats, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Moscow does not want to specify when a truce should start. It was not immediately clear how Russia would vote on Saturday. A resolution needs nine votes in favor and no vetoes by Russia, China, the United States, Britain and France to be adopted. “We’re not going to give up. ... I hope that we will adopt something forceful, meaningful, impactful tomorrow,” Olof Skoog, Sweden’s U.N. ambassador, told reporters. Previous ceasefires, however, have had a poor record of ending fighting in Syria, where Assad’s forces have gained the upper hand. The towns and farms of eastern Ghouta have been under government siege since 2013, with shortages of food, water and electricity that worsened last year. Earlier on Friday, the densely populated enclave was bombed for a sixth straight day, witnesses said. The civilian casualties and devastation there are among the worst in Syria since the government captured rebel-held parts of Aleppo in 2016. At least 462 people have been killed, including at least 99 children, and many hundreds injured, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group said on Friday. Syrian state media reported one person was killed and 58 injured in rebel shelling of sites in Damascus, including a hospital. Clouding any potential ceasefire is the Syrian government’s frequently used tactic of pushing rebels to surrender their strongholds after long sieges and military offensives. Insurgents in eastern Ghouta have vowed not to accept such a fate, ruling out an evacuation of fighters, their families and other civilians of the kind that ended rebellions in Aleppo and Homs after heavy bombardment in earlier years. “We refuse categorically any initiative that includes getting the residents out of their homes and moving them elsewhere,” Ghouta rebel factions wrote in a letter to the Security Council. Eastern Ghouta has 400,000 people spread over a larger area than other enclaves the government has recaptured. Late on Thursday, government aircraft dropped leaflets urging civilians to depart and hand themselves over to the Syrian army, marking corridors through which they could leave safely. Leading up to the Security Council vote, all eyes have been on Russia. Moscow has a history of standing in the way of Security Council measures that would harm Assad’s interests. Germany and France were among the nations to ratchet up the pressure on Russia, with German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron asking Russian President Vladimir Putin to support the resolution. Earlier, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said Moscow wanted guarantees that rebel fighters will not shoot at residential areas in Damascus. Damascus and Moscow say they only target militants. They have said their main aim is to stop rebel shelling of the capital, and have accused insurgents in Ghouta of holding residents as human shields. The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said government planes and artillery hit Douma, Zamalka and other towns across the enclave in the early hours of Friday. There was no immediate comment from the Syrian military. Medical charities say more than a dozen hospitals were hit, making it nearly impossible to treat the wounded. A witness in Douma who asked not to be identified said by telephone that the early morning bombing was the most intense so far. Another resident, in the town of Hamouriyeh, said the assault had continued“like the other days.” “Whenever the bombing stops for some moments, the Civil Defence vehicles go out to the targeted places. They work to remove the debris from the road,” Bilal Abu Salah said. The Civil Defence there said its rescuers rushed to help the wounded after strikes on Hamouriyeh and Saqba. The emergency service, which operates in rebel territory, says it has pulled hundreds of people out from under rubble in recent days. Hamza Birqdar, the military spokesman for the Jaish al-Islam rebel faction, said it had thwarted nine attacks by pro-government militias trying to storm a front in the southeast of Ghouta. 
967117701482246144	2018-02-23 19:23:22	https://t.co/1lrPbhhtBt	U.S. Treasury head says new Russia sanctions expected within weeks https://t.co/1lrPbhhtBt	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin said on Friday the Trump administration is working on new sanctions against Russia for a range of activities, including meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election, and he expects to brief the media on the actions within the next several weeks. “We are working on Russia sanctions. I can assure you that is in the process. I will be back here within the next several weeks to talk about that,” Mnuchin told reporters at the close of a White House briefing to discuss sanctions on North Korea. Republicans and Democrats in the U.S. Congress nearly unanimously passed a new sanctions bill against Russia last summer for meddling in the U.S. presidential race, a charge Moscow denies. When the law went into effect earlier this year with no announcement of new sanctions, President Donald Trump was roundly criticized for not punishing Moscow and was accused of being soft on his Russian counterpart, Vladimir Putin. Administration officials have said the sanctions measure, which targets those doing business with Russian defense and intelligence sectors, went into force on Jan. 29. Given long time frames involving major defense deals, they have said it was best to wait until after that date to begin taking punitive action rather than taking action retroactively. Trump has taken a sometimes skeptical approach to a finding by U.S. intelligence agencies last year that Moscow meddled in the election campaign to try to tilt the 2016 vote in his favor, and has chafed at a federal investigation into Russia’s role and any collusion by the Trump campaign. Moscow has denied election interference and Trump has denied any collusion. Mnuchin stressed that the Treasury Department did produce unclassified and classified reports related to the sanctions, as required under the 2017 law. The public version of the reports included a list of wealthy Russians - so-called oligarchs - said to be close to the Kremlin. “I’ve repeatedly said we are working on sanctions as a follow-up to that,” Mnuchin said. The Treasury secretary said the administration was continuing to look at the issue of election meddling and was working closely with the FBI, including giving the agency information related to a recent series of indictments against Russian individuals and organizations. “As appropriate, we will look at sanctioning individuals from the information they have,” Mnuchin said. Administration officials involved in work on sanctions have said the process is slow-moving for legal reasons and cannot be accelerated purely because of negative media coverage. Mnuchin said at least one person on the list of oligarchs close to the Kremlin had already been targeted under a separate U.S. sanctions program. 
967115631387652097	2018-02-23 19:15:09	https://t.co/GEUIzrluIp	Teen phenom Alina Zagitova gives Olympic Athletes from Russia first #PyeongChang2018 gold https://t.co/GEUIzrluIp b… https://t.co/pD1c9iBKD1	 GANGNEUNG, South Korea (Reuters) - Russian teenager Alina Zagitova edged compatriot Evgenia Medvedeva with a stunning free skate on Friday that earned the Olympic Athletes from Russia a first gold at the Pyeongchang Games. The 15-year-old, who led Medvedeva by just over one point after a record-setting short program on Wednesday, effortlessly executed every element of her jump-packed free skate, earning 156.65 points for the performance and 239.57 overall. Skating to Don Quixote by composer Leon Minkus in a flashy red tutu, Zagitova held on for her opening jump, a triple Lutz, and went on to land another six triple jumps. Medvedeva, who trains with Zagitova under the same coaches, won silver with a spectacular skate that put her 1.31 points behind Zagitova overall. The training partners embraced after the competition, exchanging congratulations. “I’m very happy that I was able to win a medal for our team,” Zagitova told reporters.“I think this is only the beginning. Everything is still ahead.” Skating last, Medvedeva was visibly disappointed after her second-place score was announced. But the 18-year-old said she had been satisfied with how she had skated. “I wanted to end these Olympics without any regrets. I was able to do that,” Medvedeva said.“A great sports life awaits me. And like today, I will leave everything on the ice. I won’t think of the past.” Russian President Vladimir Putin has sent the skaters and their coach Eteri Tutberidze telegrams congratulating them on“brilliant results and very beautiful performances at the 2018 Games”, the Kremlin said in a statement. The performances of Zagitova and Medvedeva in Pyeongchang reasserted the dominance of Russian women figure skaters on the international stage with third-placed Canadian Kaetlyn Osmond more than seven points behind Medvedeva on 231.02. “The Russian girls are impressive,” said Osmond, who helped Canada win gold in the team event.“They’re consistent and do everything that the sport is asking for. That’s just something that everyone else has to try to keep up with.” The Russian Olympic delegation in Pyeongchang last week said they were unhappy that Olympic gold had eluded Russian competitors in the first half of the Games, stressing it expected one of its female figure skaters to end the drought. Russians in Pyeongchang are competing as neutrals, a penalty imposed over allegations that the nation had systematically manipulated anti-doping testing at the 2014 Sochi Games. Some of Russia’s top athletes were not cleared to compete by the International Olympic Committee (IOC). With Friday’s figure skating medals, the OAR now have one gold, five silver and eight bronze medals and are 15th in the medals table with two days of competition remaining. A few months ago, it seemed that Medvedeva would easily clinch Olympic gold as she repeatedly extended her winning streak. But she suffered a foot fracture that sidelined her from the Grand Prix Final in December and gave Zagitova, competing in her first senior season, a chance to fill the void. Zagitova last month spoiled Medvedeva’s injury comeback at the European championships in Moscow, handing her a first defeat since November 2015 and establishing herself as a Pyeongchang gold medal favorite. In third after the short program, Osmond stepped out of her opening triple Lutz but recovered to cleanly complete her free skate. The 22-year-old Canadian said she has been trying to catch up with the Russian skaters. “I’m trying to close the gap as little as I can,” Osmond said.“It takes just doing what we can, pushing as hard as we can.” Italy’s Carolina Kostner, who was competing in her fourth and final Olympics and was sixth after the short program, stepped out of her triple flip and put her hand down, finishing fifth overall. The United States, long a figure skating powerhouse, did poorly, with its skaters in ninth through 11th place despite Team USA taking bronze in Pyeongchang. The country’s women last won a figure skating medal in 2006. 
967111542700462081	2018-02-23 18:58:54	https://t.co/3FVrqnwmcj	Two car bombs explode in Somali capital and kill 18 people https://t.co/3FVrqnwmcj	 MOGADISHU (Reuters) - The death toll from twin car bomb blasts in the Somali capital late on Friday has risen to 45 from the initially reported 18, a senior government official said on Saturday. Al Qaeda-linked al Shabaab militants claimed responsibility for the attack near the president’s residence and a hotel close by. “The death toll from last night’s blasts has risen to 45, and 36 others were injured,” the official, who asked not to be named, told Reuters. Separately, a police officer said he was sure of 36 deaths. “At least 15 people including a military officer and a local official died outside the palace last night. And more than that were injured. They were mostly palace guards and guards of officials who were at the scene. The death toll may rise,” Major Mohamed Abdullahi told Reuters on Saturday. “At the hotel, at least 21 died. So the total I have is 36 dead and more others injured.” The ambulance services had put the toll at 18 on Friday, and updated it to 21 early on Saturday. Reuters pictures showed at least five vehicles destroyed outside the hotel, whose perimeter wall was partly destroyed in the blast. Al Shabaab said its attackers had killed 35 soldiers and five of its fighters were also killed. “Five including the two drivers martyred from our side. We killed 35 soldiers ... in last night’s operations. The other mujahideen came back safely,” Abdiasis Abu Musab, al Shabaab’s military operations spokesman, said. The group wants to overthrow the Somali government and impose its own harsh interpretation of Islamic law. It has killed hundreds of civilians across East Africa and thousands of Somalis in a decade-long insurgency. In October, more than 500 people were killed in twin bomb blasts in Mogadishu. Those attacks were the deadliest since al Shabaab began an insurgency in 2007. Al Shabaab did not claim responsibility for that incident. 
967110205791178753	2018-02-23 18:53:35	https://t.co/9CnbMdJhEW	Trump to host Baltic Summit on April 3: White House https://t.co/9CnbMdJhEW	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will host the leaders of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania in a Baltic Summit on April 3, the White House said on Friday. The White House meeting with President Kersti Kaljulaid of Estonia, President Raimonds Vejonis of Latvia, and President Dalia Grybauskaite of Lithuania will“focus on how best to strengthen our security, business, trade, energy, and cultural partnerships,” Trump’s press secretary said. 
967110205782876162	2018-02-23 18:53:35	https://t.co/VeEQShDoAH	Trump says U.S.-Australia relations are strong https://t.co/VeEQShDoAH	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull held talks on Friday at the White House where the two leaders sought to put aside previous tensions, but divisions on trade remained. Trump pulled the United States out of the original 12-member Trans-Pacific Partnership - which was backed by Turnbull - soon after taking office last year and he repeated his opposition to the deal during a joint press conference on Friday. “The Trans-Pacific Partnership was not a good deal for us,” Trump said, stressing that he would rejoin a deal that was better for the United States, but prefers bilateral deals over pacts involving many countries. Trump has argued the trade deal would hurt U.S. workers. Australia and the other remaining members of the pact published an amended version of the agreement this week and are expected to sign the new deal in March. China’s rising global power was also on the agenda for the White House talks with Turnbull. Trump has been a harsh critic of China’s trade policies, while Australia has typically taken a less confrontational approach with China, its largest trading partner. “There are people that want to try to paint the United States and its allies like Australia as being against China in some sort of rerun of the Cold War,” Turnbull told reporters.“But ... that is not accurate.” Trump said that U.S. ties with Beijing have improved, but warned that the relationship could be derailed over trade disputes. “That can be the only thing that can get in the way of a truly long-term great relationship, because we have all the ingredients for friendship,” he said. Turnbull’s visit to the White House followed tense interactions between the two leaders last year, when they clashed over a refugee swap deal. But Trump praised U.S.-Australia ties on Friday. “The relationship we have with Australia is a terrific relationship and probably stronger now than ever before,” Trump said in brief public remarks at the Oval Office ahead of his meeting with the Australian prime minister. Turnbull told the news conference that he and Trump had agreed on new initiatives to deepen security and economic ties. “We’re seeking to expand transparent and competitive global energy markets, cooperating on high-quality infrastructure investment in the United States and in the region - we’ve spent a lot of time talking about infrastructure, especially urban infrastructure,” Turnbull told reporters. 
967106129540079616	2018-02-23 18:37:23	https://t.co/9v6aASqWwP	Nigeria's president calls mass schoolgirl abduction 'national disaster' https://t.co/9v6aASqWwP	 DAPCHI, Nigeria (Reuters) - Parents of schoolgirls newly abducted in northeastern Nigeria plan to join the Bring Back Our Girls movement that gained global prominence in a bid to win freedom for their girls, a community leader said on Friday. Islamist militant group Boko Haram is suspected to have kidnapped scores of girls on Monday from a school in Dapchi village, Yobe state. Most are thought to be teenagers. It would be the largest mass abduction since Boko Haram took more than 270 schoolgirls from the northeastern town of Chibok in 2014, sparking an online campaign that went viral and spurring several governments into action to try and find them. Many of those girls remain in captivity, though some have escaped or been ransomed. A roll-call at the school in Dapchi on Tuesday showed 91 students were absent, though estimates of the number of missing range from around 50 to more than 100. Parents said they have set up a committee in the village, which is around 100 kilometers (62 miles) from state capital Damaturu. “We have compiled 105 names of missing girls which we intend to give to the Bring Back Our Girls people in (the capital) Abuja,” said committee chair Bashir Alhaji Manzu, whose teenage daughter, Fatima Bashir, is missing. The group would present its case to President Muhammadu Buhari, he said, adding that the group was angry with the government’s response to the kidnapping. Boko Haram wants to create a state adhering to a strict interpretation of Islamic law. Its name roughly translates as “Western education is forbidden” in the Hausa language widely spoken in northeast Nigeria. The group has killed more than 20,000 people and put over 2 million to flight since its insurgency began in 2009. On Friday, Buhari said he was sending more troops and reconnaissance aircraft to look for them. “This is a national disaster,” he said. “We are sorry that this could have happened and share your pain.” Earlier this week Buhari sent security forces and a ministerial team to the area. “Some ministers came but they didn’t even speak with any parent, principal or teachers of the school,” he said. In a further sign of community anger, villagers confronted a convoy carrying Yobe state governor on Thursday when he said 76 girls reported to have been rescued were in fact still missing. Amina Usman, a 15-year-old student, was among the pupils who escaped the attack on Government Girls Technical College. She said she was washing when she heard gun fire and saw what appeared to be soldiers in vehicles. She fled when she realized that they were attackers and ran into the bush, later meeting a teacher and other escapees. “We met other girls and the teacher counted all of us. We were 65 girls in all .... I thought I will never see my parents or family again,” she said, adding that she was too scared to return to the school. Kachalla Bukar, whose 14-year-old daughter was among those missing, said he had been told the insurgents fooled some students into thinking they had come to offer protection. “When we went to school on Tuesday she was not among girls that have been found. Her colleagues ... gave us our daughter’s school box with her personal belonging .... That was when we realised our daughter is actually missing,” he said. 
967104728244129792	2018-02-23 18:31:49	https://t.co/m2EDzM6rAx	U.S. expects to open Jerusalem embassy in May, officials say https://t.co/m2EDzM6rAx	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States said on Friday it will open its embassy to Israel in Jerusalem in May, a move from Tel Aviv that reverses decades of U.S. policy and is bound to trouble U.S. allies who have already objected. U.S. President Donald Trump announced last December that the United States recognized Jerusalem as Israel’s capital, infuriating even Washington’s Arab allies and dismaying Palestinians who want the eastern part of the city as their capital. No other country has recognized Jerusalem as Israel’s capital and Trump’s decision has sown discord between the United States and the European Union over Middle East peace efforts. “We are excited about taking this historic step, and look forward with anticipation to the May opening,” U.S. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said, noting that it will coincide with Israel’s 70th anniversary. The embassy in Jerusalem will be gradually expanded in existing consular facilities in the Arnona neighborhood, while the search for a permanent site has already begun for what Nauert called a“longer-term undertaking.” The interim embassy will have office space for the ambassador and a small staff and, by the end of 2019, a new embassy annex on the Arnona compound will be opened, Nauert said in a statement. The consulate in East Jerusalem will continue to serve Palestinians, and for security reasons U.S. Ambassador David Friedman will continue living in the residence in Herzliya, north of Tel Aviv, and commute to the relocated embassy, another official said, speaking on the condition of anonymity. A May opening is earlier than expected - U.S. Vice President Mike Pence told the Israeli parliament last month that the move would take place by the end of 2019. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu hailed Friday’s U.S. announcement as“a great day for the people of Israel”. Palestinians reacted to the news with anger. “This is an unacceptable step. Any unilateral move will not give legitimacy to anyone and will be an obstacle to any effort to create peace in the region,” said Nabil Abu Rdainah, a spokesman for the Palestinian President, Mahmoud Abbas, who is in the United States until Saturday. The status of Jerusalem — home to sites holy to the Muslim, Jewish and Christian religions — has been one of the thorniest issues in long-running Mideast peace efforts. In a speech on Friday to a gathering of conservatives in suburban Washington, Trump recalled his controversial decision, saying he withstood enormous pressure to make the move. “I put the word out that I may do it. I was hit by more countries and more pressure and more people calling, begging me ‘Don’t do it. Don’t do it. Don’t do it,’” Trump said. “I said we have to do it. It’s the right thing to do. It’s the right thing to do, we have to do it. And I did it.” Clashes erupted in Gaza and the West Bank earlier on Friday, in a weekly protest against Trump’s stance on Jerusalem. Palestinian health officials have said at least 20 Palestinians, most of them in Gaza, have been killed in protests against Trump’s decision since he announced it on Dec. 6. 
967103381817954304	2018-02-23 18:26:28	https://t.co/TdJIwVDeou	Two car bombs explode in Somali capital killing 18 people https://t.co/TdJIwVDeou	 MOGADISHU (Reuters) - The death toll from twin car bomb blasts in the Somali capital late on Friday has risen to 45 from the initially reported 18, a senior government official said on Saturday. Al Qaeda-linked al Shabaab militants claimed responsibility for the attack near the president’s residence and a hotel close by. “The death toll from last night’s blasts has risen to 45, and 36 others were injured,” the official, who asked not to be named, told Reuters. Separately, a police officer said he was sure of 36 deaths. “At least 15 people including a military officer and a local official died outside the palace last night. And more than that were injured. They were mostly palace guards and guards of officials who were at the scene. The death toll may rise,” Major Mohamed Abdullahi told Reuters on Saturday. “At the hotel, at least 21 died. So the total I have is 36 dead and more others injured.” The ambulance services had put the toll at 18 on Friday, and updated it to 21 early on Saturday. Reuters pictures showed at least five vehicles destroyed outside the hotel, whose perimeter wall was partly destroyed in the blast. Al Shabaab said its attackers had killed 35 soldiers and five of its fighters were also killed. “Five including the two drivers martyred from our side. We killed 35 soldiers ... in last night’s operations. The other mujahideen came back safely,” Abdiasis Abu Musab, al Shabaab’s military operations spokesman, said. The group wants to overthrow the Somali government and impose its own harsh interpretation of Islamic law. It has killed hundreds of civilians across East Africa and thousands of Somalis in a decade-long insurgency. In October, more than 500 people were killed in twin bomb blasts in Mogadishu. Those attacks were the deadliest since al Shabaab began an insurgency in 2007. Al Shabaab did not claim responsibility for that incident. 
967102055650418688	2018-02-23 18:21:12	https://t.co/WX3y96O07t	German food bank draws fire over move to stop accepting new migrant clients https://t.co/WX3y96O07t	 BERLIN (Reuters) - A food bank in Germany’s Essen has temporarily stopped accepting new migrant customers saying it hopes more German“grandmothers and young single mothers” will come for food supplies, in a move that has drawn widespread criticism. The decision, which took effect in January but was only made public this week, was rejected by the food bank’s own founder and others, and set off a media storm, including stories in papers such as the mass-circulation daily Bild. Joerg Sartor, who heads the Essen branch of the Germany-wide“Tafel” group, said volunteers had noticed that some German clients had stopped coming as the percentage of migrants swelled. Migrants make up 23 percent of the city’s population but account for about 75 percent of the food bank’s 6,000 users, up from 35 to 40 percent before Germany took in waves of new arrivals in 2015 and 2016, he said. “We always have significantly more foreigners as clients than their representation in the community,” Sartor told Reuters TV.“But when we reached 75 percent we kept asking, why are certain Germany people not coming anymore - the grandmothers, the young single mothers.” The group implemented new rules requiring new clients to show a German identification card and documents showing they qualified for social benefits. Sartor insisted the decision was temporary and could be revisited in two months. He said some 15 to 16 migrant families had been turned away at recent sessions without complaints. But Sabine Werth, head of the nationwide Tafel group, said that while no-one had a specific right to receive food from any branch, it was wrong to exclude any particular group. Ralf Rosenbrock, who heads the German Equal Welfare Association, another charitable organization, was also critical. “The volunteer Tafel group in Essen is clearly overwhelmed by growing demand, but you can’t solve that by discriminating along ethnic lines,” he told Reuters TV. He said the federal government was to blame for policies that left many in poverty and lacking food. The Westdeutsche Allgemeine Zeitung newspaper reported that many older German clients had felt uncomfortable coming to the food bank given the large number of migrants, including many young single men. “When we opened the door in the morning, there was a lot of pushing and shoving without any regard to the granny in the line,” the paper quoted Sartor as saying. 
967098077395017729	2018-02-23 18:05:24	https://t.co/3MziX6gbZg	Venezuela eyes separate election dates for president, congress https://t.co/3MziX6gbZg	 CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela’s election council said on Friday it was considering holding legislative elections separately from the presidential vote scheduled for April 22, contradicting a proposal by President Nicolas Maduro to unify the two polls. Maduro this week had suggested moving up the legislative elections, which were not to be held until 2020, and holding them together with the presidential vote as well as elections for state and municipal legislatures. “Right now, we are not prepared to hold the presidential election together with other elections that are technically more complicated,” electoral authority chief Tibisay Lucena said in a televised broadcast.“The National Elections Council will evaluate a later date for the parliamentary elections.” The opposition in 2015 won a broad majority in the legislative elections, but Maduro’s allies on the Supreme Court stripped it of many of its powers and systematically shot down every piece of legislation it approved. Maduro last year led the creation of a legislative superbody called the Constituent Assembly, which has no formal checks on its powers. Its creation led many countries around the world to describe Maduro as a dictator, a charge Maduro dismisses as part of a campaign against him by the United States. The former bus driver and union organizer is broadly unpopular due to a crippling economic crisis that has left millions unable to afford basic food items and fueled an exodus of migrants. The best-known opposition leaders are either barred from holding office, in jail for leading protests, or in exile to avoid arrest. The main opposition coalition has said it will not participate in the vote, though other candidates could break with the coalition and run on their own. Maduro says the country is the victim of a U.S.-backed economic war and that the opposition’s refusal to participate is due to fear that they will lose. 
967095409612152832	2018-02-23 17:54:48	https://t.co/5BBHQu9udL	Canadian police charge suspected serial killer with sixth murder https://t.co/5BBHQu9udL	 TORONTO (Reuters) - Toronto police said on Friday that they have charged Bruce McArthur with a sixth murder, expanding the number of deaths blamed on the 66-year-old landscaper in a case that has shaken the city’s gay community. Authorities have charged McArthur with the murder of Skandaraj Navaratnam, a 40-year-old man who went missing in 2010 from a neighborhood in downtown Toronto that is known as the city’s gay village, according to Toronto detective Hank Idsinga. McArthur, who was arrested in January, has not filed a plea on any of the charges. His lawyer Calvin Rosemond declined to comment when reached by phone on Friday. Toronto police have been criticized by some in the gay community for taking years to solve disappearances dating back to at least 2010. Navaratnam’s remains were among those found in large planters at a north Toronto home where McArthur did landscaping work, Idsinga said at a press conference. Police have yet to identify three other individuals whose remains were found in the planters, Idsinga said. McArthur has also been charged with killing five other men: Selim Esen, Andrew Kinsman, Majeed Kayhan, Soroush Marmudi and Dean Lisowick. Police have said they will continue to search for evidence of more killings as they believe there are more victims. When the ground warms up, authorities intend to use police dogs to search for more evidence on the grounds of the home where the remains have been found, Idsinga said. 
967094108840976384	2018-02-23 17:49:37	https://t.co/Mk2IL5w088	Palestinians angry at reports of early U.S. Embassy move to Jerusalem https://t.co/Mk2IL5w088	 RAMALLAH, West Bank/GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinians reacted on Friday with anger to reports that the United States will move its embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem within months, saying this could destroy the prospect of a two-state solution to the Israel-Palestinian conflict. Clashes erupted in Gaza and the occupied West Bank earlier on Friday in a weekly protest against U.S. President Donald Trump’s stance on Jerusalem, which has also angered Arab political and religious leaders across the region and dismayed European allies. Palestinians claim East Jerusalem — seized by Israel in 1967 and later annexed — as the capital of a future state. Saeb Erekat, the Palestinian’s chief negotiator in peace talks that have been frozen since 2014, said the U.S. move showed a“determination to violate international law, destroy the two-state solution and provoke the feelings of the Palestinian people as well as of all Arabs, Muslims and Christians around the globe”. Erekat, who is also secretary-general of the Palestine Liberation Organisation, said:“Trump and his team have disqualified the U.S. from being part of the solution between Israelis and Palestinians; rather, the world now sees that they are part of the problem.” Trump announced in December that the United States would recognize Jerusalem as Israel’s capital, setting in motion the embassy move and contravening decades of policy by the international community. A U.S. official told Reuters on Friday that the United States was expected to open its embassy to Israel in Jerusalem in May. This would be shortly after Israel’s 70th anniversary. “This is an unacceptable step. Any unilateral move will not give legitimacy to anyone and will be an obstacle to any effort to create peace in the region,” said Nabil Abu Rdainah, a spokesman for the Palestinian president, Mahmoud Abbas. Abbas has rejected U.S.-led Middle East peace efforts as“impossible” since Washington’s decision. Abu Rdainah said the only way to achieve peace, security and stability was Abbas’s proposal — outlined in an address to the United Nations Security Council in New York on Tuesday — that an international conference should be held to kick-start the peace process, including a“multilateral mechanism” to oversee it. Abbas is still in the United States after undergoing medical checks in Baltimore on Thursday but will leave on Saturday, Abu Rdaineh said. In Gaza, a Hamas official, Sami Abu Zuhri, said:“Moving the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem is a declaration of war against the Arab and Muslim nation, and the U.S administration must reconsider its move.” Twenty five Palestinians were wounded by Israeli army gunfire during clashes along the fence with Israel in Gaza on Friday, a Gaza health ministry spokesman. Protesters threw stones at the Israeli troops. Palestinian health officials said at least 20 Palestinians, most of them in Gaza, have been killed in protests against Trump’s decision since the Dec. 6 announcement. 
967094108744495104	2018-02-23 17:49:37	https://t.co/6ZszMaOkYR	Vatican child abuse investigator released from hospital in Chile https://t.co/6ZszMaOkYR	 SANTIAGO (Reuters) - A Vatican investigator sent to Chile by Pope Francis to interview sex abuse victims met on Friday with Chilean Bishop Juan Barros about accusations that he covered-up sexual abuse of minors committed by a priest. The investigator, Spanish priest Jordi Bertomeu, declined to share details of the interview with Barros, but told reporters the meeting was“cordial and friendly”. Earlier in the day, the Vatican’s lead investigator, Archbishop Charles Scicluna, was released from a hospital in Santiago after undergoing emergency gallbladder surgery, and may conduct more interviews. Scicluna has recovered well and will remain in the country to rest, Episcopal Conference spokesman Jaime Coiro said. Scicluna’s assistant, Bertomeu, was enlisted to replace him in scheduled interviews with sex abuse victims through Friday. The investigators are in Chile to look into accusations that Barros hid information about the sexual abuse of minors by his mentor, Father Fernando Karadima. Barros has said he was unaware of any wrongdoing by Karadima. 
967094108681580546	2018-02-23 17:49:37	https://t.co/vDJHQmsqnc	More bombs fall on Syria's eastern Ghouta before U.N. vote https://t.co/vDJHQmsqnc	 UNITED NATIONS/BEIRUT (Reuters) - The U.N. Security Council on Friday delayed a vote on a demand for a 30-day ceasefire in Syria, where pro-government warplanes have been pounding the last rebel bastion near Damascus in one of the deadliest bombing campaigns of the seven-year civil war. A draft resolution aimed at ending the carnage in the eastern Ghouta district and elsewhere in Syria will be put up for a vote in the 15-member council at noon (1700 GMT) on Saturday, Kuwait’s U.N. Ambassador Mansour Ayyad Al-Otaibi said. The 24-hour delay followed a flurry of last-minute negotiations on the text drafted by Sweden and Kuwait after Russia, a veto-holding ally of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, proposed new amendments on Friday. “Unbelievable that Russia is stalling a vote on a ceasefire allowing humanitarian access in Syria,” U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Nikki Haley posted on Twitter. Talks have centered on the paragraph demanding a cessation of hostilities for 30 days to allow aid access and medical evacuations. A proposal for the truce to start 72 hours after the resolution’s adoption has been watered-down to instead demand it start“without delay” in a bid to win Russian support. Diplomats, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Moscow does not want to specify when a truce should start. It was not immediately clear how Russia would vote on Saturday. A resolution needs nine votes in favor and no vetoes by Russia, China, the United States, Britain and France to be adopted. “We’re not going to give up. ... I hope that we will adopt something forceful, meaningful, impactful tomorrow,” Olof Skoog, Sweden’s U.N. ambassador, told reporters. Previous ceasefires, however, have had a poor record of ending fighting in Syria, where Assad’s forces have gained the upper hand. The towns and farms of eastern Ghouta have been under government siege since 2013, with shortages of food, water and electricity that worsened last year. Earlier on Friday, the densely populated enclave was bombed for a sixth straight day, witnesses said. The civilian casualties and devastation there are among the worst in Syria since the government captured rebel-held parts of Aleppo in 2016. At least 462 people have been killed, including at least 99 children, and many hundreds injured, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group said on Friday. Syrian state media reported one person was killed and 58 injured in rebel shelling of sites in Damascus, including a hospital. Clouding any potential ceasefire is the Syrian government’s frequently used tactic of pushing rebels to surrender their strongholds after long sieges and military offensives. Insurgents in eastern Ghouta have vowed not to accept such a fate, ruling out an evacuation of fighters, their families and other civilians of the kind that ended rebellions in Aleppo and Homs after heavy bombardment in earlier years. “We refuse categorically any initiative that includes getting the residents out of their homes and moving them elsewhere,” Ghouta rebel factions wrote in a letter to the Security Council. Eastern Ghouta has 400,000 people spread over a larger area than other enclaves the government has recaptured. Late on Thursday, government aircraft dropped leaflets urging civilians to depart and hand themselves over to the Syrian army, marking corridors through which they could leave safely. Leading up to the Security Council vote, all eyes have been on Russia. Moscow has a history of standing in the way of Security Council measures that would harm Assad’s interests. Germany and France were among the nations to ratchet up the pressure on Russia, with German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron asking Russian President Vladimir Putin to support the resolution. Earlier, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said Moscow wanted guarantees that rebel fighters will not shoot at residential areas in Damascus. Damascus and Moscow say they only target militants. They have said their main aim is to stop rebel shelling of the capital, and have accused insurgents in Ghouta of holding residents as human shields. The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said government planes and artillery hit Douma, Zamalka and other towns across the enclave in the early hours of Friday. There was no immediate comment from the Syrian military. Medical charities say more than a dozen hospitals were hit, making it nearly impossible to treat the wounded. A witness in Douma who asked not to be identified said by telephone that the early morning bombing was the most intense so far. Another resident, in the town of Hamouriyeh, said the assault had continued“like the other days.” “Whenever the bombing stops for some moments, the Civil Defence vehicles go out to the targeted places. They work to remove the debris from the road,” Bilal Abu Salah said. The Civil Defence there said its rescuers rushed to help the wounded after strikes on Hamouriyeh and Saqba. The emergency service, which operates in rebel territory, says it has pulled hundreds of people out from under rubble in recent days. Hamza Birqdar, the military spokesman for the Jaish al-Islam rebel faction, said it had thwarted nine attacks by pro-government militias trying to storm a front in the southeast of Ghouta. 
967093709924945920	2018-02-23 17:48:02	https://t.co/y19SZfeG9u	United States tells WTO of concerns over China's new web access rules https://t.co/y19SZfeG9u https://t.co/yl6cdiaE8p	 GENEVA (Reuters) - The United States told the World Trade Organization on Friday that Chinese internet access rules coming into force next month appeared to create significant new restrictions for cross-border service suppliers and should be discussed at the WTO. “The United States urges China to address these concerns quickly and pursue new policies that promote rather than disrupt cross-border transfers of information and trade in services,” it said in a statement to the WTO’s Services Council. In January 2017, China published a circular on“Cleaning up and Regulating the Internet Access Service Market”, which seemed to put new restrictions on virtual private networks (VPNs) and leased lines, it said. VPNs can be used to access websites that are banned in China, which aggressively censors the internet, blocking sites it thinks could challenge the rule of the Communist Party or threaten stability. The circular would expressly ban VPNs or leased lines from connecting data centers inside and outside China, the U.S. statement said. It gave examples of services that might be affected, such as travel agents in China accessing international flight information, or clients using text messages to access technical support or customer service based abroad. VPNs were also a key mechanism to ensure the security and confidentiality of data flows, it added. WTO rules required that any measure affecting telecommunications networks should be notified to the WTO by China, which should consult with affected WTO members, it said. “Since this measure is due to enter into force by 31 March 2018, we request that China expeditiously respond to these questions and concerns,” the United States said. Washington already raised concerns last September about China’s cyber security law, asking Beijing not to enforce it until it addressed the risk of it disrupting, deterring or prohibiting cross-border transfers of information. Friday’s statement said concern among the foreign business community remained high, and there were other more effective ways of achieving legitimate policy objectives without disrupting commerce. “U.S. industry is particularly concerned that the measures contemplated by China would disrupt communications between a company’s China facilities and its other global operations, increase costs, and reduce rather than enhance data security.” The U.S. statement said China had not provided any assurance that it would resolve concerns about the cyber security law. 
967090026810134530	2018-02-23 17:33:24	https://t.co/Pk2hsqVnks	EU leaders resist push for elected Commission chief https://t.co/Pk2hsqVnks	 BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Union leaders rejected on Friday a push to have the head of the EU’s executive European Commission determined by voting in elections to the European Parliament, or to merge that job with that of the chairman of EU summits. Both initiatives are part of a power-struggle in Brussels between EU institutions like the Commission and Parliament which want to gain more control and European governments, known as the European Council, which does not want to cede it. Donald Tusk, the chairman of EU summits, told a news conference that in nominating the next head of the Commission in 2019, leaders would to take into account the results of parliamentary elections as required by the EU treaty. But they would not agree to be limited to a short-list of lead candidates prepared by the European Parliament. “There was agreement that the European Council cannot guarantee in advance that it will propose one of the lead candidates for President of the European Commission. There is no automaticity in this process,” Tusk said. “(European Commission President) Jean-Claude (Juncker) also presented the idea of a merger of our two posts, but there was no appetite to take this forward. Above all, because it would substantially reduce the role of Member States in the EU.” Known from the German as the Spitzenkandidat, or lead candidate, system, it was introduced, against leaders’ wishes, for Juncker’s appointment in 2014. Parliament has passed a resolution that it will withhold its required confirmation from any Commission president who is not a Spitzenkandidat for a party — though that decision will be one for the next legislature elected in EU-wide voting in May 2019. Juncker himself has thrown the Commission’s weight behind the Spitzenkandidat idea, whose supporters describe it as an enhancement of EU democracy. But Tusk rejected that argument, saying EU laws aimed for the Commission head to get“double legitimacy” from leaders and parliament — both democratically elected. Limiting the choice for leaders by parliament would reduce democracy, not enhance it, he argued. There was also no support among the leaders for Juncker’s idea to downsize the Commission, as all 27 members want their own commissioner. “The ideas presented by Juncker of merging the top jobs and cutting down the Commission are dead. The funeral was at the summit today and it was a silent one,” one EU diplomat said, saying not a single leader spoke in favor of the proposals. While Parliament is pushing for more power in Brussels as a way of improving the EU’s image as a democratic project, many national leaders insist that they are more representative of people’s wishes than a legislature for which less than half of the electorate bothered to vote. Many are also concerned that limiting the choice of the influential head of the Commission to those free to campaign for the EU election restricts their ability to nominate, for example, serving heads of government to the post. Juncker will step down in November next year. The Council should nominate his successor after the May 2019 elections in time for the new Commission president to name a line-up of commissioners to be confirmed by Parliament. At Friday’s summit, leaders agreed with Parliament’s proposals for reducing its size and reallocating some seats after Britain leaves the Union in March 2019. Leaders also backed an initiative by French President Emmanuel Macron to allocate some British seats to new, pan-European constituencies would not be considered for next year but should be studied for the 2024 elections. Many states are skeptical of the notion of“transnational lists”. Macron’s proposal to launch“citizens’ consultations” on the future of the EU ahead of the 2019 election was accepted by all leaders except Hungary. Macron will launch that project on April 17 in Strasbourg. 
967090026218774529	2018-02-23 17:33:24	https://t.co/AFAFnPXfYq	U.S. imposes more North Korea sanctions; targets ships, firms https://t.co/AFAFnPXfYq	 WASHINGTON/SEOUL (Reuters) - The United States said on Friday it was imposing its largest package of sanctions to pressure North Korea to give up its nuclear and missile programs, and President Donald Trump warned of a“phase two” that could be“very, very unfortunate for the world” if the steps did not work. In addressing the Trump administration’s biggest national security challenge, the U.S. Treasury sanctioned one person, 27 companies and 28 ships, according to a statement on the U.S. Treasury Department’s website. The United States also proposed a list of entities to be blacklisted under separate U.N. sanctions, a move“aimed at shutting down North Korea’s illicit maritime smuggling activities to obtain oil and sell coal.” North Korea has been developing nuclear-tipped missiles capable of reaching the U.S. mainland and Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un have exchanged taunts that have raised fears of war. In August, Trump threatened to go beyond sanctions by bringing“fire and fury like the world has never seen,” although his administration has repeatedly said it prefers a diplomatic solution to the crisis. Speaking at a news conference with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, Trump made apparent reference to military options his administration has repeatedly said remain on the table. “If the sanctions don’t work, we’ll have to go phase two,” Trump said.“Phase two may be a very rough thing, may be very, very unfortunate for the world. But hopefully the sanctions will work.” The sanctions’ targets include a Taiwan passport holder, as well as shipping and energy firms in mainland China, Hong Kong, Taiwan and Singapore. The actions block assets held by the firms and individuals in the United States and prohibit U.S. citizens from dealing with them. The U.S. Treasury said the sanctions were designed to disrupt North Korean shipping and trading companies and vessels and further isolate Pyongyang. They are also aimed at ships located, registered or flagged in North Korea, China, Singapore, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Marshall Islands, Tanzania, Panama and the Comoros. Last month, three Western European intelligence sources told Reuters that North Korea shipped coal to Russia last year and that it was then delivered to South Korea and Japan in a likely violation of U.N. sanctions. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin said the new sanctions would help prevent North Korea from skirting restrictions on trade in coal and other fuel through“evasive maritime activities.” “The president is clearly frustrated and rightly so over the efforts that have failed in the past and also over the uptick in testing and the advances we’ve seen in the North Korean program,” a senior administration official told reporters. At another briefing, Mnuchin stood next to enlarged photos he said showed December 2017 images that revealed ship-to-ship transfers of fuel and other products destined for North Korea in an attempt to evade sanctions. He said he could not rule out the prospect of the United States boarding and inspecting North Korean ships. Mnuchin said virtually all shipping currently being used by North Korea was now under sanction and the U.S. government had “issued an advisory alerting the public to the significant sanctions risks to those continuing to enable shipments of goods to and from North Korea.” Mnuchin said the number of sanctions steps taken by the United States against Pyongyang since 2005 was now 450 with approximately half imposed in the last year. Christopher Ford, assistant secretary of state for international security and non-proliferation, told reporters sanctions already had affected North Korea’s weapons programs and this was shown by the lengths North Korea was going to try to evade sanctions. Jonathan Schanzer of the Washington think tank Foundation for the Defense of Democracies said Friday’s move was“the largest tranche of DPRK (North Korea) sanctions” released by the Treasury Department. “The only thing missing here today is action against Chinese banks,” he said.“We know they continue to undermine our efforts to isolate North Korea.” Tougher sanctions may jeopardize the latest detente between the two Koreas, illustrated by the North’s participation in the Winter Olympics in the South, amid preparations for talks about a possible summit between North Korea’s Kim and South Korean President Moon Jae-in. Nevertheless, South Korea welcomed the U.S. sanctions saying they would“alert those who are illegally trading with North Korea and therefore bolster the international community to carry out resolutions from the U.N. Security Council”. Japan also supported the new sanctions, Defence Minister Itsunori Onodera said, according to the Kyodo news agency. Taiwan said it was in touch with the United States and would investigate its citizens and entities suspected of helping North Korea. It also called on Taiwan firms and citizens not to break U.N. sanctions. Reuters was unable to locate contact details for the Chinese companies listed in the new U.S. sanctions. In a commentary carried by Korean Central News Agency on Saturday, North Korea said it never intended to aim its nuclear weapons at South Korea, adding the weapons will only be aimed at the United States. North Korea last year conducted dozens of missile launches and its sixth and largest nuclear test in defiance of U.N. Security Council resolutions. It defends the weapons programs as essential to deter U.S. aggression. It has been more than two months since North Korea’s last missile test. Kim said he wants to boost the“warm climate of reconciliation and dialogue” with South Korea, which hosts 28,500 U.S. troops, after a high-level delegation, including his sister, returned from the Olympics. In an extension of that rapprochement, the North agreed on Friday to hold working-level talks on Tuesday for the Pyeongchang Winter Paralympics on the North’s side of the border village of Panmunjom. In December, the United Nations approved a U.S.-drafted measure limiting North Korea’s access to refined petroleum products and crude oil, which North Korea said amounted to an act of war. In January, Washington announced a round of sanctions and urged China and Russia to expel North Koreans raising funds for the programs. The U.N. Security Council banned North Korean exports of coal on Aug. 5 under sanctions intended to cut off an important source of the foreign currency Pyongyang needs to fund its weapons programs. The new U.S. sanctions were announced while Trump’s daughter, Ivanka Trump, is visiting South Korea. At a dinner with Moon at Seoul’s presidential Blue House, Ivanka Trump said the United States wanted to“reaffirm our commitment to our maximum pressure campaign to ensure that the Korean Peninsula is denuclearized.” Moon said North Korea’s participation in the Olympics had“led to lowering of tensions on the peninsula and an improvement in inter-Korean relations” and were thanks to President Trump’s“strong support for inter-Korean dialogue.” Ivanka Trump’s visit to South Korea coincides with that of a sanctioned North Korean official, Kim Yong Chol, vice chairman of the North’s ruling Workers’ Party’s Central Committee blamed for the 2010 sinking of a South Korean navy ship that killed 46 sailors. His delegation will attend the closing ceremony and also meet Moon. The Blue House has said there are no official opportunities for U.S. and North Korean officials to meet. 
967089233033875457	2018-02-23 17:30:15	https://t.co/eGRtIFw3ai	Legal hurdles, not Amazon, key concern for U.S. dental supply firms https://t.co/eGRtIFw3ai https://t.co/g8CnyibawX	 (Reuters) - Henry Schein Inc (HSIC.O) and Patterson Cos Inc (PDCO.O) have bigger things to worry about than Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) potentially disrupting the niche dental-equipment market they dominate in the United States. Their stocks, as well as those of other U.S. drug and medical equipment suppliers, have taken a beating in the past year as speculation over Amazon expanding its considerable reach gained momentum. But investors and analysts told Reuters that the larger overhang on the two dental suppliers, and privately held Benco Dental Supply, is a recent complaint filed against them by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. The complaint alleges that the three companies broke antitrust law by conspiring to refuse discounts to dentists. The administrative trial is scheduled to begin on Oct. 16. The trial could last years, and even a quick settlement could force the companies to ramp up discounts to customers and in turn pressure their margins, investors and analysts said. “I think for now I would avoid investing in that particular industry, and kind of keep a careful watch,” said Michael Arone, chief investment strategist at State Street Global Advisors, which owns shares in Henry Schein and Patterson. All three companies have issued public statement denying the FTC’s allegations. Patterson declined to comment further. Henry Schein, in a letter it sent customers on Thursday, said the FTC was“essentially asking us to stop doing something that we believe we never did in the first place.” A spokeswoman for Benco Dental said the company expected "to fully resolve this issue in a way that clarifies the integrity of our people and processes." (bit.ly/2FlQLof) Henry Schein shares have lost nearly a fourth of their value, while Patterson’s stock is down 30 percent since May, roughly when speculation of Amazon’s entry into their market started. After Henry Schein reported quarterly results on Tuesday, several analysts cut their price targets on its stock, mainly due to the risks associated with the FTC complaint. “While the FTC allegation is for injunctive relief and seeks no monetary damages or fines, there is no clear timeline to a resolution of the matter,” Evercore ISI analyst Ross Muken said in a research note. He lowered his rating on Henry Schein to“in-line” from“outperform” and said he expected gains in the company’s stock to remain muted until further clarity on the complaint, possibly in late 2018 or early 2019. The companies are likely to settle, legal experts said. In a similar complaint in 2015, a small Meridian, Idaho-based provider of drug-and-alcohol testing services settled with the FTC months after the regulator filed a complaint alleging the company was colluding with a rival to keep prices high. (bit.ly/2opA7Ma) Antitrust lawyers, however, said the FTC’s complaint against the dental suppliers was more serious than usual and did not rely on just circumstantial evidence. “It appears the FTC has evidence of an explicit agreement between at least two of these so-called competitors and that is a stronger case than what you often typically see,” said Nicholas Gravante, an antitrust lawyer at Boies Schiller Flexner. Gravante is not involved with the complaint. Still, Wall Street analysts mostly remain bullish about these companies’ businesses, even with the looming threat of Amazon, which they said could take a while to play out. Last week, the Wall Street Journal reported that the ecommerce giant was looking to expand its business-to-business marketplace that already sells professional medical products and hospital consumables such as gloves. Analysts said the dental companies were shielded by their long-standing relationships with dentists, while their narrow-margin business model may make it tough for Amazon to undercut them. “I think Amazon is certainly a threat, certainly a negative, but not to the extent to which stocks like Henry Schein sold off,” said Kevin Kedra, an analyst at Gabelli & Co. Gabelli owns less than 1 percent of Henry Schein shares and about 2 percent of Patterson. 
967085112050507776	2018-02-23 17:13:52	https://t.co/Tk9IXp9cV2	Trump Jr. drops planned foreign policy speech in India after criticism https://t.co/Tk9IXp9cV2	 NEW DELHI (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s son dropped a planned speech on foreign affairs in the Indian capital on Friday after ethics experts said he should avoid wading into policy issues as a private citizen. Donald Trump Jr. is on a tour of India to promote real estate projects in several cities but ethics watchdog groups in the United States say there is a possible conflict of interest in pushing the Trump brand name while his father is in the White House. He was billed to make a speech on the topic“Reshaping the Indo-Pacific - The New Era of Cooperation” but hours before the conference began that was changed into a“fireside chat” where he spoke about his business and stayed clear of policy issues. “I am here on business, I am not representing anyone,” he said at the conference organized by the Economic Times, a leading newspaper, and Yes Bank. He spoke before Prime Minister Narendra Modi delivered a keynote speech on preparing India for the future to a gathering of business leaders from India and overseas. U.S. Senator Bob Menendez, the top Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, wrote to the U.S. ambassador to India this week to ask for guarantees that the embassy and the State Department will not offer any support to Trump Jr. beyond helping the U.S. Secret Service to provide him with security. Trump Jr. said he had been coming to India for more than a decade to build business for The Trump Organisation and it had reached a take-off stage but there were self-imposed curbs following the election of his father as president. “I learnt about doing business here through the school of hard knocks, we have built partnerships here,” he said. This week he was wooing buyers to book luxury apartments in Trump Towers in Gurgaon on the outskirts of New Delhi as well as in Mumbai, attending champagne receptions. Trump’s partners in India are playing up the Trump brand. In the days leading up to Trump Jr.’s visit, one of its development partners in Gurgaon began an advertising campaign in newspapers offering dinner and conversation with the president’s son. But Trump said his company could not build on the gains it had made in India because of the curbs over the past year. “Ten years of hard work to get there, this would be a time to capitalize, but its a sacrifice, its a big sacrifice,” he said.“But we will be back, once we are out of politics.” Shortly before taking office last year, Trump Sr. said he would hand off control of his business empire, which includes luxury homes and hotels across the world, to his sons Donald and Eric, and move his assets into a trust to help ensure that he would not consciously take actions as president that would benefit him personally. Several government and private ethics watchdogs said he should have gone further, divesting himself of assets that could cause a conflict of interest. 
967081912916414466	2018-02-23 17:01:10	https://t.co/R4tlpljU0h	Shots fired at North Korea-linked group HQ in Japan https://t.co/R4tlpljU0h https://t.co/DLJzloEMFO	 TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese police arrested two men on Friday after several bullets were fired at the Tokyo headquarters of a group linked to North Korea, a spokesman and media said. The men pulled up at the complex housing the pro-Pyongyang General Association of Korean Residents in Japan (Chongryon) in a van shortly before 4 a.m., before one of them fired multiple shots at the gate, media reported. Police at the heavily guarded complex arrested the two, who media said had links to right-wing groups. Japan has strict gun laws and shootings, almost always gang-related, are extremely rare. Tensions remain high between North Korea and Japan over the North’s nuclear programme and its testing of several missiles in recent years, including two that flew over Japanese territory last year. About 500,000 ethnic Koreans live in Japan, many of them descended from the two million Koreans brought to Japan as forced labour during Japan’s 1910-1945 colonisation of the peninsula. 
967081834315177984	2018-02-23 17:00:51	https://t.co/9n0tFqynMP	Citing Russia, Swedish armed forces seek doubled budget by 2035 https://t.co/9n0tFqynMP	 STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Sweden needs to more than double military spending by 2035 to ensure the country is adequately protected, the armed forces said on Friday, noting Russia had no qualms about using force for political ends. Annual spending should rise to 115 billion Swedish crowns ($14 billion) per year from around 50 billion now, and active personnel double to around 120,000, they said in a report to be submitted to parliament. “Russia has through its action in Georgia in 2008, as well as in the Crimea and in East Ukraine in 2014, showed that it does not hesitate to use military force to achieve its political goals,” they said, noting Moscow also planned to increase military spending. Russia’s annexation of the Crimean peninsula in 2014 and support for eastern Ukraine’s separatists have strained relations with the West, with the Baltics now viewed as a flashpoint. Along with other countries in that region, Sweden has complained of repeated airspace violations by the Russian military and has restationed troops on the strategically important island of Gotland in the Baltic Sea. Sweden has held military drills with several NATO members and has debated joining the military alliance for years. The Kremlin has warned of unspecified consequences if it did so. 
967081679671185410	2018-02-23 17:00:14	https://t.co/2Wn5aesNX2	From Peter Apps in @ReutersOpinion: South Korea's Olympic gambit traps both Kim and Trump https://t.co/2Wn5aesNX2 https://t.co/fYAHijisVU	 North Korea’s Olympic athletes will not be bringing home any medals, but their participation may have earned the peninsula something more substantial. By taking part so visibly alongside South Korea, Pyongyang has been able to present itself as a credible global and regional power in a way that has eluded North Korean leaders since the war that divided the peninsula. The real strategic winner, however, is the South Korean government, which has shrewdly used the games to reshape the diplomatic landscape. For all the talk of reconciliation, neither North nor South Korea has much appetite for the compromises – or the catastrophic war – that reunification would take. What both countries have been desperate to do, however, is to blunt the potential threat of a major unilateral U.S. strike on Pyongyang’s nuclear facilities. The potential for renewed dialogue puts Washington in a distinctly difficult position. This year, President Donald Trump’s administration had intended to ramp up military pressure on Pyongyang, reinforcing the Kim regime’s fears that further nuclear progress might lead to U.S. action. The Olympic rapprochement with the South, however, has compelled Washington to abort some of its plans, at Seoul’s request. Distrust clearly remains high. The Washington Post reported this week that North Korea canceled a meeting with U.S. Vice President Mike Pence after he used his trip to condemn Kim’s nuclear ambitions and to pledge further sanctions. The fact that a meeting was even considered, however, was arguably a breakthrough in its own right. It would be a mistake to view the Olympic rapprochement as a true game changer on the peninsula; the fundamental drivers of the conflict have not gone away. What the Pyeongchang Games have offered, however, is a break from the cycle of ever-rising escalation. Where that will ultimately lead remains far from clear. But it does make an imminent war somewhat less likely. If the U.S. was to strike now, while communication between North and South is improving, it might look like an unjustified aggressor, risking regional disaster just as peace seemed possible. Kim, however, must also face some tough decisions. He clearly wishes to continue his nuclear program, so as to remove all doubt about North Korea’s ability to deliver nuclear-tipped ballistic missiles to the U.S. mainland; most analysts agree that he views this capacity as vital to protecting his power and deterring Iraq-style“regime change.” But building ever more powerful missiles and warheads would require Kim to resume his highly-visible test program. Doing so would likely torpedo the regional dialogue, and could even be viewed as justification for a limited U.S. strike. At the very least, any resumption of the North Korean test program while talks are ongoing would likely result in much tougher international sanctions, particularly from China. These have already had a considerable impact on the North Korean economy, and any further reduction of Beijing’s support might genuinely imperil Kim’s rule. Kim’s current quandary nicely suits South Korea’s purposes. President Moon Jae-in’s government has little genuine affection for the brutal Kim dynasty, and if there were a way of ousting it without disaster, it would probably take it. In the absence of such options, however, it is trying to manage the situation as best it can. Even if Kim resumes his tests and tensions with the U.S. rise again after the Games, the temporary detente will still be seen as a success. Had Pyongyang been unable to take part, there were genuine concerns the North might try to disrupt the games, perhaps through cyber or guerrilla attacks. If nothing else, Kim would probably have staged high-profile missile, and perhaps even warhead, tests simultaneously, wrecking any Olympic spirit and dominating news coverage. The Games have provided the best hope in several years that all sides will step back from what had been an ongoing cycle of escalation. Unfortunately, this progress may prove temporary. Kim may have successfully used the games to increase his regime’s credibility, in particular by sending his sister as a powerful political proxy. But he may conclude that this achievement was equally a result of his recent saber-rattling, and of having exceeding outsiders’ expectations for his nuclear progress. Kim’s regime still faces ongoing internal and external danger. North Korea is arguably the world’s most insular society, but technology is still making quiet inroads. There remains the medium- to long-term risk that domestic discontent could bring it down. The risk of U.S.-led military action has not gone away either. Despite the relative harmony of the Olympics, many in Washington suspect that Trump and other top administration officials – particularly National Security Advisor H.R. McMaster – still favor military action. Kim may conclude that advancing his weapons program remains the best way to safeguard his long-term rule. The Winter Olympics have opened a slim but real chance that further North Korean tests and the continued rise in tensions can be averted – or at the very least, slowed. It’s not exactly“peace in our time” – not least because neither side has made any real concessions. But it’s not a terrible outcome for a sports competition that could easily have become another flashpoint. 
967078025048350721	2018-02-23 16:45:43	https://t.co/5pmrrOPJIj	Five more charged in Tanzania for murder of anti-poaching activist https://t.co/5pmrrOPJIj	 DAR ES SALAAM (Reuters) - Five more suspects were charged in a Tanzanian court on Friday for the murder of prominent conservationist Wayne Lotter, bringing to eight the total number of people arraigned over the killing. Three other suspects were charged for the same crime in October last year. Lotter, 51, co-founder of PAMS Foundation USA, a non governmental organization that supports anti-poaching efforts across Africa, was shot dead in Tanzania’s commercial capital Dar es Salaam on Aug. 16, 2017.The five suspects charged yesterday include a Burundian national, Nduimana Jonas, 40, who is also known by the alias“the Priest,” according to court documents seen by Reuters. The other suspects arraigned on Friday at the Kisutu Resident Magistrate’s Court are Tanzanian businessmen Godfrey Salamba, 42, Innocent Kimaro, 23, Chambie Ally, 32, and a local bank employee, Robert Mwaipyana, 31.The three suspects charged last year for shooting dead the South African-born conservationist are bank employee Khalid Mwinyi, 33, his sister Rahma Mwinyi, 37, and a laborer, Mohamed Maganga, 61.The suspects, who were charged with murder and conspiracy to commit murder, were not allowed to enter a plea until the case is transferred to the Tanzanian High Court, which has jurisdiction over murder cases. The case was adjourned until March 6 when it is scheduled to come up for another mentioning.Lotter supported an elite Tanzanian anti-poaching unit that has had a number of successful arrests in recent years, colleagues said.He also worked on the Ivory Queen case, which saw Yang Feng Glan, a Chinese, charged with running a smuggling empire that stretched form East Africa to Asian markets. She denies the charges in a separate ongoing court case in Tanzania. It was unclear if Lotter’s death was related to his work, colleagues said. His assailant reportedly stole his laptop, said two colleagues who declined to be named. “We are relieved that some of the perpetrators responsible for his untimely death have been apprehended and are being brought to justice,” PAMS Foundation said in a statement. 
967077310657687553	2018-02-23 16:42:52	https://t.co/eG1643yQmF	Competition curbs French bank charge increases for 2018 https://t.co/eG1643yQmF https://t.co/InRzOF6eyh	 PARIS (Reuters) - French banks have raised customer charges at a slower pace this year as new low-cost online lenders and rules led some to predict a price war which would weigh on margins. Data from state statistics institute INSEE released this week showed growth in charges slowed in January when lenders usually set their rates for the year, after they raised fees in 2017 at the highest pace in nearly 20 years. The INSEE data showed that consumer price index of banking charges rose by 1.05 percent over one year in January, down from 2.49 percent in January of last year. “Banking services will not be free. The security of a deposit is by essence costly,” Frederic Oudea, chief executive of Societe Generale said earlier this year. Established banks, such as BNP Paribas, Societe Generale and Credit Agricole are facing increased competition from the likes of new online low-cost banks such as N26 or Orange bank. Consultancy firm EY estimated that the new low-cost online banks now have a five percent share of the French market which totals 120 million accounts. Analysts had predicted that this could spark a price war as happened in France’s telecoms sector, while the established banks have invested a lot to retain clients with their own low-cost offers, such as BNP Paribas’ Hello Bank!, Boursorama for SocGen or EKO for cooperative group Credit Agricole. “We are very far from the situation which was observed in the French telecom industry in 2012 when telecom operators had to face a period of several months of declines in average revenue per user,” said Axel Duplan, a senior manager at EY. That is partly because French retail banking clients have so far tended not to leave their established lender, instead open new accounts at lower cost online banks for daily use. “Customers don’t yet change banks frequently, not seeing them as easily replaceable as digital providers, but we believe this shift could occur in the medium term as the new legal framework eases banking mobility,” analysts at ratings agency S&P said in a note. French bank clients like not only having an account but also savings products, life, auto, property, and health insurance that online banks are so far not able to provide, S&P said. BNP Paribas’ chief financial officer Lars Machenil said in February it was yet to see the impact of the arrival of Orange bank and a step-up in competition. 
967075531110875137	2018-02-23 16:35:48	https://t.co/7JdlEj39gC	Colombia to install electronic readers at Venezuela borders https://t.co/7JdlEj39gC	 BOGOTA (Reuters) - Colombia will install electronic readers on doors at border controls with Venezuela to identify valid passports and entry visas in a bid to better monitor thousands of people fleeing an economic and social crisis in the oil producing nation. Scanners will be fitted at the seven border crossings between the two nations, the director of migration, Christian Kruger, told Reuters on Friday. The legal daily entry of Venezuelan migrants into Colombia has fallen by 30 percent in the last two weeks, the migration agency said on Thursday, after the government imposed stricter border controls. More than half a million Venezuelans were living in Colombia as of the end of last year, fleeing runaway inflation and malnutrition. Over 60 percent of Venezuelans said that during the previous three months they had woken up hungry because they did not have enough money to buy food, according to a university study. “Colombians or Venezuelans who wants to enter or leave our country present the document and a technological system authorizes or denies the next step,” Kruger said via telephone from the frontier city of Cucuta. “What we want with these doors is to continue improving our process of immigration control.” Two weeks ago, Colombia’s President Juan Manuel Santos announced tougher migratory controls along the 2,219 km (1,379-mile) border, temporarily suspending the issuance of new daily entry cards for Venezuelans and deploying 3,000 new security personnel. Entry at all migration checkpoints fell from an average of 48,000 per day to 35,000 per day, the agency said. Kruger said armed forces had stepped up control on illegal crossings and destroyed several entry points used to enter the country for migration and smuggling. “We don’t want to impede the migratory flow, but we want it done in an orderly manner,” he said. 
967074135485702145	2018-02-23 16:30:15	https://t.co/ONT6LEEmvh	Google raises price of YouTube TV, adds sports, Turner https://t.co/ONT6LEEmvh https://t.co/bxQ5jzLSCk	 (Reuters) - Alphabet Inc’s Google is raising the price of its YouTube TV online service for new customers as it adds channels from Time Warner Inc’s Turner, National Basketball League and Major League Baseball, the company said Wednesday. Less than one year after launching YouTube TV, the company is increasing its pricing to $40 per month from $35 per month as it adds Turner’s channels, which include TNT, CNN and TBS, and soon will be adding MLB Network and NBA TV, the company said. Google is expanding its offering at a time when a growing number of competing services, such as Dish Network Corp’s Sling TV, AT&T’s DirecTV Now and Hulu, are vying to win over the growing number of viewers who are cancelling their cable subscriptions to watch their favorite shows online. The four largest cable and satellite companies lost 1.5 million pay TV customers in 2017. DirectTV Now has over 2 million subscribers, according to AT&T. Sling TV, Hulu and YouTube TV do not disclose how many users they have, but research firm BTIG estimates they respectively had 2.1 million, 500,000 and 350,000 as of the end of 2017. The costs for these competing offerings range from $20 for Sling TV’s most basic offering of 30 channels to $39.99 for Hulu’s one with more than 50 channels and its library of shows and movies, which costs $7.99 separately. Google is betting that its strong sports offering will help win over more subscribers, said Heather Moosnick, director of content partnerships, YouTube TV. “Sports is really one of the key offerings that a millennial would be willing to pay for a live TV service,” she said. To that end, Google has targeted sports fans with its TV ads this year. Ninety-six percent of YouTube TV’s ads on television so far this year have appeared during sports programming, including the Super Bowl, according to iSpot.tv, which tracks TV ads. When Google launched YouTube TV last April it was cautious with how much content it was offering so that it could keep the price low enough to entice cord cutters or people considering cutting the cord, Moosnick said. At launch YouTube TV offered almost 50 channels in five markets. With these additions, YouTube TV will have almost 60 channels, and be in 100 markets, Moosnick said. The new pricing will take effect for new users who sign up after March 13, the company said. 
967070966529642496	2018-02-23 16:17:40	https://t.co/GXJ7Zu13r5	U.S. imposes largest package of sanctions against North Korea https://t.co/GXJ7Zu13r5	 WASHINGTON/SEOUL (Reuters) - The United States said on Friday it was imposing its largest package of sanctions to pressure North Korea to give up its nuclear and missile programs, and President Donald Trump warned of a“phase two” that could be“very, very unfortunate for the world” if the steps did not work. In addressing the Trump administration’s biggest national security challenge, the U.S. Treasury sanctioned one person, 27 companies and 28 ships, according to a statement on the U.S. Treasury Department’s website. The United States also proposed a list of entities to be blacklisted under separate U.N. sanctions, a move“aimed at shutting down North Korea’s illicit maritime smuggling activities to obtain oil and sell coal.” North Korea has been developing nuclear-tipped missiles capable of reaching the U.S. mainland and Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un have exchanged taunts that have raised fears of war. In August, Trump threatened to go beyond sanctions by bringing“fire and fury like the world has never seen,” although his administration has repeatedly said it prefers a diplomatic solution to the crisis. Speaking at a news conference with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, Trump made apparent reference to military options his administration has repeatedly said remain on the table. “If the sanctions don’t work, we’ll have to go phase two,” Trump said.“Phase two may be a very rough thing, may be very, very unfortunate for the world. But hopefully the sanctions will work.” The sanctions’ targets include a Taiwan passport holder, as well as shipping and energy firms in mainland China, Hong Kong, Taiwan and Singapore. The actions block assets held by the firms and individuals in the United States and prohibit U.S. citizens from dealing with them. The U.S. Treasury said the sanctions were designed to disrupt North Korean shipping and trading companies and vessels and further isolate Pyongyang. They are also aimed at ships located, registered or flagged in North Korea, China, Singapore, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Marshall Islands, Tanzania, Panama and the Comoros. Last month, three Western European intelligence sources told Reuters that North Korea shipped coal to Russia last year and that it was then delivered to South Korea and Japan in a likely violation of U.N. sanctions. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin said the new sanctions would help prevent North Korea from skirting restrictions on trade in coal and other fuel through“evasive maritime activities.” “The president is clearly frustrated and rightly so over the efforts that have failed in the past and also over the uptick in testing and the advances we’ve seen in the North Korean program,” a senior administration official told reporters. At another briefing, Mnuchin stood next to enlarged photos he said showed December 2017 images that revealed ship-to-ship transfers of fuel and other products destined for North Korea in an attempt to evade sanctions. He said he could not rule out the prospect of the United States boarding and inspecting North Korean ships. Mnuchin said virtually all shipping currently being used by North Korea was now under sanction and the U.S. government had “issued an advisory alerting the public to the significant sanctions risks to those continuing to enable shipments of goods to and from North Korea.” Mnuchin said the number of sanctions steps taken by the United States against Pyongyang since 2005 was now 450 with approximately half imposed in the last year. Christopher Ford, assistant secretary of state for international security and non-proliferation, told reporters sanctions already had affected North Korea’s weapons programs and this was shown by the lengths North Korea was going to try to evade sanctions. Jonathan Schanzer of the Washington think tank Foundation for the Defense of Democracies said Friday’s move was“the largest tranche of DPRK (North Korea) sanctions” released by the Treasury Department. “The only thing missing here today is action against Chinese banks,” he said.“We know they continue to undermine our efforts to isolate North Korea.” Tougher sanctions may jeopardize the latest detente between the two Koreas, illustrated by the North’s participation in the Winter Olympics in the South, amid preparations for talks about a possible summit between North Korea’s Kim and South Korean President Moon Jae-in. Nevertheless, South Korea welcomed the U.S. sanctions saying they would“alert those who are illegally trading with North Korea and therefore bolster the international community to carry out resolutions from the U.N. Security Council”. Japan also supported the new sanctions, Defence Minister Itsunori Onodera said, according to the Kyodo news agency. Taiwan said it was in touch with the United States and would investigate its citizens and entities suspected of helping North Korea. It also called on Taiwan firms and citizens not to break U.N. sanctions. Reuters was unable to locate contact details for the Chinese companies listed in the new U.S. sanctions. In a commentary carried by Korean Central News Agency on Saturday, North Korea said it never intended to aim its nuclear weapons at South Korea, adding the weapons will only be aimed at the United States. North Korea last year conducted dozens of missile launches and its sixth and largest nuclear test in defiance of U.N. Security Council resolutions. It defends the weapons programs as essential to deter U.S. aggression. It has been more than two months since North Korea’s last missile test. Kim said he wants to boost the“warm climate of reconciliation and dialogue” with South Korea, which hosts 28,500 U.S. troops, after a high-level delegation, including his sister, returned from the Olympics. In an extension of that rapprochement, the North agreed on Friday to hold working-level talks on Tuesday for the Pyeongchang Winter Paralympics on the North’s side of the border village of Panmunjom. In December, the United Nations approved a U.S.-drafted measure limiting North Korea’s access to refined petroleum products and crude oil, which North Korea said amounted to an act of war. In January, Washington announced a round of sanctions and urged China and Russia to expel North Koreans raising funds for the programs. The U.N. Security Council banned North Korean exports of coal on Aug. 5 under sanctions intended to cut off an important source of the foreign currency Pyongyang needs to fund its weapons programs. The new U.S. sanctions were announced while Trump’s daughter, Ivanka Trump, is visiting South Korea. At a dinner with Moon at Seoul’s presidential Blue House, Ivanka Trump said the United States wanted to“reaffirm our commitment to our maximum pressure campaign to ensure that the Korean Peninsula is denuclearized.” Moon said North Korea’s participation in the Olympics had“led to lowering of tensions on the peninsula and an improvement in inter-Korean relations” and were thanks to President Trump’s“strong support for inter-Korean dialogue.” Ivanka Trump’s visit to South Korea coincides with that of a sanctioned North Korean official, Kim Yong Chol, vice chairman of the North’s ruling Workers’ Party’s Central Committee blamed for the 2010 sinking of a South Korean navy ship that killed 46 sailors. His delegation will attend the closing ceremony and also meet Moon. The Blue House has said there are no official opportunities for U.S. and North Korean officials to meet. 
967069656086392833	2018-02-23 16:12:27	https://t.co/1NTvl2XWG3	French PM vows to combat 'slow-burn' threat of radical Islam https://t.co/1NTvl2XWG3	 PARIS (Reuters) - France’s prime minister on Friday announced steps including prison isolation zones and more stringent licensing rules for faith-based schools to combat what he called a slow-burning threat from Islamist radicalization. In a traditionally Catholic country that is home to Europe’s largest Muslim community, President Emmanuel Macron has already imposed tougher legislation after attacks by Islamist militants killed more than 230 people in the past three years. But he is under pressure to address voter fears of broader radicalization at mosques manned by radical preachers and prisons that offer fertile ground for proselytizers of a hardline Islam at odds with France’s secular foundations. Among the measures promised by Prime Minister Edouard Philippe were the creation of isolation zones for Islamist militants in France’s prisons and more scrutiny on the licensing of faith-based schools that opt out of the state-funded system. “We cannot ignore this slow-burn process,” he told a news conference in Lille, northern France. “Islamist radicalization is a threat to our society, and not just when it leads to violence. It’s a challenge every time the law of the state is respected only if compatible with religious tenets.” Philippe also promised better screening of people hired as coaches sports centers. The scale of the challenge was highlighted by a report for the Interior Ministry. The report by a senior civil servant warned that sectarian sentiment or behavior was rising in parts of France, notably in poor urban areas where Muslims more openly resented or challenged obligations of secular public life. He cited examples of young Muslim girls being kept away from school swimming, sculpture classes and choir activities frowned upon by some of the country’s estimated 5 million Muslims. The report also highlighted fears about the number of young people being taken out of secular state-funded schools to teach them at home or put them in strictly faith-based schools. Philippe said some 74,000 pupils entered schools outside of state system last year, calling the trend worrying if small compared with 12 million in education. The report said the number concerned had doubled in five years. Such opt-out schools need licensing and that would be made tougher by law shortly, Philippe said. 
967069656069664769	2018-02-23 16:12:27	https://t.co/53xBfiEusZ	Car bomb, gunfire in Somali capital: police https://t.co/53xBfiEusZ	 MOGADISHU (Reuters) - The death toll from twin car bomb blasts in the Somali capital late on Friday has risen to 45 from the initially reported 18, a senior government official said on Saturday. Al Qaeda-linked al Shabaab militants claimed responsibility for the attack near the president’s residence and a hotel close by. “The death toll from last night’s blasts has risen to 45, and 36 others were injured,” the official, who asked not to be named, told Reuters. Separately, a police officer said he was sure of 36 deaths. “At least 15 people including a military officer and a local official died outside the palace last night. And more than that were injured. They were mostly palace guards and guards of officials who were at the scene. The death toll may rise,” Major Mohamed Abdullahi told Reuters on Saturday. “At the hotel, at least 21 died. So the total I have is 36 dead and more others injured.” The ambulance services had put the toll at 18 on Friday, and updated it to 21 early on Saturday. Reuters pictures showed at least five vehicles destroyed outside the hotel, whose perimeter wall was partly destroyed in the blast. Al Shabaab said its attackers had killed 35 soldiers and five of its fighters were also killed. “Five including the two drivers martyred from our side. We killed 35 soldiers ... in last night’s operations. The other mujahideen came back safely,” Abdiasis Abu Musab, al Shabaab’s military operations spokesman, said. The group wants to overthrow the Somali government and impose its own harsh interpretation of Islamic law. It has killed hundreds of civilians across East Africa and thousands of Somalis in a decade-long insurgency. In October, more than 500 people were killed in twin bomb blasts in Mogadishu. Those attacks were the deadliest since al Shabaab began an insurgency in 2007. Al Shabaab did not claim responsibility for that incident. 
967067343024279552	2018-02-23 16:03:16	https://t.co/gXsdvlCCGE	U.S. expected to open embassy in Jerusalem in May, official says https://t.co/gXsdvlCCGE	 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States said on Friday it will open its embassy to Israel in Jerusalem in May, a move from Tel Aviv that reverses decades of U.S. policy and is bound to trouble U.S. allies who have already objected. U.S. President Donald Trump announced last December that the United States recognized Jerusalem as Israel’s capital, infuriating even Washington’s Arab allies and dismaying Palestinians who want the eastern part of the city as their capital. No other country has recognized Jerusalem as Israel’s capital and Trump’s decision has sown discord between the United States and the European Union over Middle East peace efforts. “We are excited about taking this historic step, and look forward with anticipation to the May opening,” U.S. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said, noting that it will coincide with Israel’s 70th anniversary. The embassy in Jerusalem will be gradually expanded in existing consular facilities in the Arnona neighborhood, while the search for a permanent site has already begun for what Nauert called a“longer-term undertaking.” The interim embassy will have office space for the ambassador and a small staff and, by the end of 2019, a new embassy annex on the Arnona compound will be opened, Nauert said in a statement. The consulate in East Jerusalem will continue to serve Palestinians, and for security reasons U.S. Ambassador David Friedman will continue living in the residence in Herzliya, north of Tel Aviv, and commute to the relocated embassy, another official said, speaking on the condition of anonymity. A May opening is earlier than expected - U.S. Vice President Mike Pence told the Israeli parliament last month that the move would take place by the end of 2019. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu hailed Friday’s U.S. announcement as“a great day for the people of Israel”. Palestinians reacted to the news with anger. “This is an unacceptable step. Any unilateral move will not give legitimacy to anyone and will be an obstacle to any effort to create peace in the region,” said Nabil Abu Rdainah, a spokesman for the Palestinian President, Mahmoud Abbas, who is in the United States until Saturday. The status of Jerusalem — home to sites holy to the Muslim, Jewish and Christian religions — has been one of the thorniest issues in long-running Mideast peace efforts. In a speech on Friday to a gathering of conservatives in suburban Washington, Trump recalled his controversial decision, saying he withstood enormous pressure to make the move. “I put the word out that I may do it. I was hit by more countries and more pressure and more people calling, begging me ‘Don’t do it. Don’t do it. Don’t do it,’” Trump said. “I said we have to do it. It’s the right thing to do. It’s the right thing to do, we have to do it. And I did it.” Clashes erupted in Gaza and the West Bank earlier on Friday, in a weekly protest against Trump’s stance on Jerusalem. Palestinian health officials have said at least 20 Palestinians, most of them in Gaza, have been killed in protests against Trump’s decision since he announced it on Dec. 6. 
967067303996215296	2018-02-23 16:03:07	https://t.co/To5sg6Wcbj	'Sooner, faster, now' - the companies surfing the e-commerce wave https://t.co/To5sg6Wcbj https://t.co/0BtL7A5yDw	 LONDON (Reuters) - Amazon’s (AMZN.O) assault on the retail industry has brought misery to traditional retailers without a strong web presence. Less well noticed is the patchwork of European companies that are turning the e-commerce revolution to their advantage, supplying online giants with everything from forklift trucks and storage space to cardboard boxes and automated warehouses. Mainly bricks-and-mortar retailers such as Debenhams (DEB.L), H&M (HMb.ST) and Marks & Spencer (MKS.L) have faced a torrid few years as stretched consumers increasingly look online for bargains. Online retail sales are growing at double-digit percentage rates in every western European country, according to consultancy the Centre for Retail Research. In Britain, a fifth of transactions are now conducted online, a five-fold increase over the last decade. The world’s dominant online retailer Amazon (AMZN.O), whose shares have soared 73 percent in the last year, is outside the remit of most European investors because it is U.S. listed, so they have had to look for other ways of buying into the trend. One is investing in companies that have benefitted from the rise of e-commerce. On Feb. 16, warehouse owner Segro’s (SGRO.L) shares hit a decade-high after it said space-hungry clients, many in online retail and logistics, continued to buy up storage. “There is a bull market in impatience,” said Gary Paulin, head of global equities at broker Northern Trust. “Consumers want things sooner, faster, now.” He advises clients to buy shares in Kion (KGX.DE), a German forklift truck-maker that is automating warehouses for online retailers, speeding up deliveries in the process. He also flagged a turnaround at online supermarket Ocado (OCDO.L). The company has long been targetted by short-sellers betting its share price will fall, but recently it has signed tie-ups with food retailers Casino and Sobeys, and its shares have more-than-doubled since November. Martin Todd, a fund manager at Hermes Investment Management, owns shares in Kion as well as DS Smith (SMDS.L), a cardboard-box maker which supplies Amazon as well as a number of other online retailers. DS Smith is developing technology to custom-make boxes for Amazon that will help reduce large gaps in packages that increase freight costs. “You might think it is a pretty unsexy business ... (but) it is getting more high tech in what is traditionally a very low tech industry,” Todd said. The company recently entered Britain's blue-chip FTSE 100 .FTSE index for the first time. Buying some stocks exposed to online retail does not come cheap. Ocado shares are currently trading at more than 800 times forecast earnings, according to Eikon data. John Bennett, head of European equities at Janus Henderson Investors, said that while traditional retailers were“absolutely dying”, stocks such as Kion were too expensive for him to own. “It became a very popular name, and I tend to shy away (from widely-owned companies),” he said. “I am far too curmudgeonly on the multiples you pay.” To view a graphic on Online retail continuing to grow, click: reut.rs/2EV2LiN 
967066307186380800	2018-02-23 15:59:09	https://t.co/z6eFfw7XQp	Fans of Jerusalem club fed up with racism form new outfit https://t.co/z6eFfw7XQp reports @orilewis https://t.co/KhkMv1YQXH	 JERUSALEM (Reuters) - A group of Jerusalem soccer supporters who were fed up with the behaviour of their fellow fans have turned their backs on the club they followed and set up a friendlier, more tolerant outfit. Around 4,000 fans who were previously loyal to Beitar Jerusalem, one of Israel’s biggest and best supported clubs, have broken away to follow Betar Nordia, which was formed by a small group of them four years ago. Beitar Jerusalem are a bastion of Israel’s political right-wing and a group of their supporters known as“La Familia” has been openly hostile and violent towards fellow fans. Israel’s Arab minority has been the main object of their hatred. While Beitar’s players have worked to deliver success on the pitch, the club’s“La Familia” supporters have often frustrated those efforts through their misconduct. The club has faced disciplinary action, including fines and points deductions, and even had to play matches behind closed doors for offences including fan violence, the use of flares, pitch invasions and racist chanting. Unlike almost all other Israeli soccer clubs, Beitar have never employed an Arab player. Nordia, who have adopted the same yellow and black strip and the same team emblem, have a completely opposite attitude and have fielded four Arab players since they were founded and even have Arab fans. Team captain Tzion Zaken, a former Beitar player, said the Nordia setup was unique because of its drive against racism and violence. “Betar Nordia is the only Israeli club I know that has formed to fight racism. Elsewhere, fans have rebelled because they didn’t like the way their team was run but Nordia is unique,” he told Reuters. Now making a bigger effort to curb the fan violence, after another incident last month, Beitar ordered the east stand at Jerusalem’s Teddy Kollek Stadium, where the most fanatical supporters sit, to be closed until further notice. “The club feels disgusted by the violence, and even more so, by the racism and from now on it will battle those fans who wantonly harm the club,” said part of a Beitar statement after their 4-2 home victory over Israeli-Arab outfit Bnei Sakhnin. Aviv Sharfstein, a member of Nordia’s management, said the new club hope one day to persuade the violent Beitar fans to abandon their militancy so that the two clubs could perhaps merge. This appears unlikely in the short term, however, as Beitar have a far larger fan base and are Premier League high flyers while Nordia are relative upstarts and third division midtable minnows. Sharfstein said Nordia’s supporters felt alienated because of the Beitar fans and the only course open to them was to form a separate club. “We could no longer agree to hear the club narrative when fans used violence and displayed their racism by shouting‘death to Arabs’,” he said. “We felt we were going to matches alongside criminal organisations, they even used violence against us, the ordinary fans.” Taer Zaro, a resident of the Palestinian neighbourhood of Beit Hanina in East Jerusalem, who is studying physical education at Israel’s Wingate Sports Institute, said he was happy to support Nordia and had found conviviality among his fellow fans. “I was a supporter of Beitar Jerusalem when I was a boy and I only cared about the play on the pitch, I was not interested with what the racist fans were saying but I moved to support Nordia because I didn’t want any part of the racism,” Zaro said. Elite Mazeh, a mother of three and also a member of the team’s management who regularly takes her young children to games, said the club was open to all players. “At Nordia racism and violence do not exist. We accept anyone, including Muslim players,” she said. Zaken, 36, said he was happy to end his playing days at the club. “The Nordia crowd are a positive group. I didn’t know that there was such a good fan base when I played at Beitar and I’m happy to be part of it. The negative influence of La Familia is totally eclipsed by the positive fans here,” he said. 
967066176332402688	2018-02-23 15:58:38	https://t.co/xEjQx9FEbW	France steps up probe of suspect in Spain's August attacks: source https://t.co/xEjQx9FEbW	 PARIS (Reuters) - One of three people arrested on Tuesday in France in connection with Islamist attacks in the Spanish region of Catalonia in August was put under formal investigation on Friday while the other two were freed, a judicial source said. The man kept in custody over suspicions of being linked to a terrorist group was born in 1986, the source said, without giving any more details. There was no evidence that would have justified extending the full probe to the other two at this stage, the source said. Under French law, the placing of a suspect under formal investigation means that prosecutors believe they have“serious or consistent evidence” that could result in prosecution. But the investigation could also be dropped. The three were arrested over suspicion of links to Driss Oukabir who is in custody in Spain. He is charged with membership of a terrorist organization and murder for his part in a Barcelona van attack that killed 14 people in August. He has denied involvement. In the attack, a man drove a rented vehicle into crowds in Barcelona’s famous Las Ramblas boulevard on Aug. 17, killing 14 and injuring more than 100. One day later, police shot dead five people in Cambrils, down the coast from Barcelona, after they drove their car at pedestrians and police officers, killing a woman. 
967064981597511680	2018-02-23 15:53:53	https://t.co/MeGOBJ2gEE	UK's PM May to set out Brexit wish-list as opponents plot ambush https://t.co/MeGOBJ2gEE	 LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May will outline her wishes for Britain’s post-Brexit ties with the European Union next week after winning support from key ministers, although European Council President Donald Tusk on Friday called the ideas floated so far“pure illusion”. EU leaders have repeatedly pressed May to detail her vision for future relations, but she has been hampered by divisions within her Conservative Party, with some backing continued close ties and others seeking a“clean break”. In an attempt to forge a common position, May hosted an eight-hour meeting of her so-called Brexit war committee on Thursday at her 16th-century country residence outside London. Few details of the discussions were released, but one source said May had accepted the argument of those ministers who wanted to diverge more quickly from EU rules and regulations. “It was a very positive meeting and a step forward, agreeing the basis of the prime minister’s speech on our future relationship,” May’s spokesman told reporters, adding that she would deliver her speech on March 2. “The prime minister has set out her plans clearly; we are working towards getting a deal that we believe will work for all parts of the UK and deliver as frictionless a border as possible and tariff-free trade.” Britain has little time to negotiate the terms of the divorce and the outlines of the future relationship before it leaves the EU on March 29 next year. “NO CHERRY-PICKING” The other 27 members of the EU, who together have about five times Britain’s economic might, have a strong incentive to deny the UK a deal so attractive that it might encourage others to follow the British example. The EU will not agree to the kind of“managed divergence” Britain is believed to favour in its future relationship, sources in Brussels said on Thursday. That plan would have Britain sticking to EU rules in some areas, diverging moderately in others and opting for very different solutions for the rest. The EU says this smacks of“cherry-picking”, or of Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson’s view that Britain can“have its cake and eat it”. “I am afraid that the UK position today is based on pure illusion,” Tusk told journalists after 27 EU leaders - all apart from May - met in Brussels. “It seems like the‘cake’ philosophy is still alive. From the very start it has been a key clear principle of the EU 27 that there can be no cherry-picking and no single market‘a la carte’.” He said the remaining EU states would adopt a joint stance on the post-Brexit relationship in a summit at the end of March, whether London provided input or not, and would be“extremely realistic in our assessment of possible new proposals”. Many businesses and investors complain that they still lack details on how trade will flow between the world’s biggest trading bloc and its sixth largest economy after Brexit. Chancellor Philip Hammond, the most pro-European of May’s senior team, said he felt a“real sense of momentum” towards agreeing a transition deal with the EU at the summit. But former prime minister Tony Blair said the government was not being realistic. “They’re basically still in‘have cake and eat it’ mode and it won’t work,” Blair said. If Britain wanted a close trading relationship with the EU, it would have to keep in line with EU rules and standards, he added. Opponents of Brexit in Britain are seeking to halt the process and even trigger a rerun of the shock 2016 referendum. Eloise Todd, the chief executive officer of‘Best for Britain’, which is about to launch a major campaign, said the odds of stopping Brexit were now close to 50-50. Rebel Conservative lawmaker Anna Soubry is seeking to amend the government’s trade bill to oblige Britain to form a customs union with the EU after Brexit, a move that would complicate May’s attempts to keep her party behind her. That chimes with the main opposition Labour Party, whose spokeswoman for foreign affairs said it would seek to join a new customs union with the EU after Brexit. “Technically, because we’re leaving the European Union, we can’t be in the customs union we are in now,” Emily Thornberry said.“We leave and then we have to negotiate a new agreement that, we think, is likely to be a customs union that will look pretty much like the current customs union.” Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, who says he supports leaving the EU, is due to give a speech on Brexit on Monday. His party has said it will have a strong emphasis on retaining the benefits of the EU’s single market and the customs union. 
967064658980065280	2018-02-23 15:52:36	https://t.co/cbHKgdIxiZ	Japanese scientists invent floating 'firefly' light https://t.co/cbHKgdIxiZ https://t.co/b2gYWYZscM	 TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese engineering researchers say they have created a tiny electronic light the size of a firefly which rides waves of ultrasound, and could eventually figure in applications ranging from moving displays to projection mapping. Named Luciola for its resemblance to the firefly, the featherweight levitating particle weighs 16.2 mg, has a diameter of 3.5 mm (0.14 inch), and emits a red glimmer that can just about illuminate text. But its minuscule size belies the power of the 285 microspeakers emitting ultrasonic waves that hold up the light, and have a frequency inaudible to the human ear, allowing Luciola to operate in apparent total silence. It took two years for Luciola to get this far, said circuit design specialist Makoto Takamiya, a member of the Kawahara Universal Information Network Project that developed the device. “Ultimately, my hope is that such tiny objects will have smartphone capabilities and be built to float about helping us in our everyday lives in smarter ways,” said the University of Tokyo professor, who hopes it will be commercially viable in five to 10 years. The developers expect Luciola to find applications in the so-called Internet of Things, in which regular objects, such as cars, or domestic appliances such as air-conditioners, are connected to networks to send and receive data. Equipped with movement or temperature sensors, Luciola could fly to such objects to deliver a message or help to make moving displays with multiple lights that can detect the presence of humans, or participate in futuristic projection mapping events. The Kawahara Universal Information Network Project is a government-funded program that is part of the Japan Science and Technology Agency and explores advances in information and communication technology. 
969438157258227712	2018-03-02 05:04:02	https://t.co/bvAS5coI5f	Explosion heard in Afghan capital Kabul: Reuters witness https://t.co/bvAS5coI5f	 KABUL (Reuters) - A police official said a suicide bomber had struck in the Afghan capital, Kabul, after a loud explosion was heard in an area close to foreign embassies on Friday. Police sirens could be heard in the area but there was no immediate word on any casualties from the blast, which came two days after President Ashraf Ghani offered to start peace talks with the Taliban. 
969433331057250304	2018-03-02 04:44:51	https://t.co/6qGCOqxXy0	Thailand's election commission opens registration for new parties https://t.co/6qGCOqxXy0	 BANGKOK (Reuters) - Registration for new political parties in Thailand began on Friday with the Election Commission (EC) noting that 34 groups turned up to register, the first sign of political activity being officially allowed in the country since a 2014 coup. The registration opening comes days after Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha, a former army chief who led a 2014 coup, said that a general election would take place“no later” than February 2019, pushing back the vote by several months. The vote delay has fueled growing protests in the Thai capital Bangkok in recent weeks. Aspiring founders of new parties picked up documents on Friday to register party names at the Election Commission’s headquarters north of Bangkok. “This is the first time ... that we have opened registration. There are 34 [potential] parties which is a lot and it shows us that people are interested in taking part in politics and that they want a general election,” Jarungvith Phumma, acting secretary-general of the Election Commission, told reporters on Friday. Thailand currently has 69 registered, political parties. Thailand has been bitterly divided since a 2006 coup against then Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra, a businessman turned politician who gained the adoration of rural voters but made many enemies among the military-royalist elite. After the restoration of democracy, the military again intervened in 2014 to topple a civilian government led by Thaksin’s sister, Yingluck Shinawatra. The Election Commission has said those who want to register a new party for the general election will have until the end of March to do so. One of those is Suthep Thaugsuban, a former deputy prime minister turned street protest leader who led demonstrations in Bangkok in 2013/14 that helped to oust Yingluck’s government. “We are ready to field candidates in the South and in Bangkok ... I cannot tell you more yet but we already have the names of those who we want as prime minister in mind,” Thani Thaugsuban, a former Democrat Party lawmaker and Suthep’s brother, told Reuters on Wednesday. Some groups wanting to register may face hurdles under the Political Parties Act that require parties to at least have 500 registered members and 1 million baht ($31,776.29) in party funding. 
969433184512499712	2018-03-02 04:44:17	https://t.co/JDm6M801HV	Brazil trainer moves to ease Neymar World Cup fears https://t.co/JDm6M801HV https://t.co/a8fQiSG2vY	 RIO DE JANEIRO (Reuters) - Neymar will undergo surgery this weekend that will keep him out for up to three months but Brazil’s trainer said on Thursday the Paris St Germain striker would definitely be ready for the start of the World Cup in mid-June. The world’s most expensive footballer arrived in Brazil on Thursday and will undergo surgery on a fractured metatarsal and a sprained ankle in Belo Horizonte on Saturday. The doctor set to perform the operation said the typical recovery period is two and a half to three months, which would mean Neymar is back playing by mid-May at the earliest - just a month before Brazil kick off their World Cup campaign. However, the trainer calmed nerves in his homeland by promising the 26-year would be ready for their opener against Switzerland on June 17. “I am certain (he will be ready),” Fabio Mahseredjian told TV Globo.“I can affirm that there is sufficient time for him to be ready for the first match in the World Cup. “Neymar will be there with very few games or training sessions under his belt, basically as if it is the start of the season. “The surgery will mean he has a physical deconditioning, he will have lost some of the physiological effects that he gained during the season with PSG.” “I have no problem at all in saying that this could even be good for us because he won’t have played a lot of games,” Mahseredjian added.“Physiologically he will probably be in very good shape and we think psychologically as well.” The injury means the 26-year old will miss Brazil’s friendlies later this month against World Cup hosts Russia and reigning champions Germany. After their opening match against Switzerland, the five-times World Cup winners will then face Costa Rica and Serbia. “Neymar is, of course, upset, sad, down,” surgeon Rodrigo Lasmar said.“But he understands that there is no option now other than to recuperate and dedicate himself to recuperating so he can be good as soon as possible.” PSG confirmed the injury on Wednesday, ruling him out of the club’s Champions League last-16, second leg, against Spanish holders Real Madrid. The French side lost the first leg 3-1 in Madrid last month. Neymar has scored 28 goals and provided 16 assists for the Ligue 1 leaders this season. 
969425803393011712	2018-03-02 04:14:57	https://t.co/8eomZsmMZp	Cambodia PM's son assumes senior military post https://t.co/8eomZsmMZp	 PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - The eldest son of Cambodia’s Prime Minister Hun Sen has assumed a position as joint chief of staff of Cambodia’s Armed Forces, the latest promotion of one of Hun Sen’s family members to a senior post aimed at apparently consolidating his grip on power. Cambodian defense ministry spokesman Chhum Socheat said on Friday that Lieutenant General Hun Manet, who is also a deputy commander of the Royal Cambodian Armed Forces (RCAF), has taken the role of joint chief of staff, replacing General Kun Kim who is on a sick leave. In January, Hun Sen appointed his son-in-law as deputy national police chief and in December, his youngest son was promoted to the rank of colonel in his father’s bodyguard unit. The promotions come ahead of a July general election that many say Hun Sen looks set to win easily after the main opposition Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) was dissolved by the Supreme Court last November at his government’s request. The opposition ban prompted the United States, the European Union and others to condemn a crackdown by Hun Sen’s ruling Cambodian People’s Party (CPP) on critics, including opposition lawmakers and some independent media. The United States this week said it was suspending or curtailing several treasury, USAID and military assistance programs that support Cambodia’s military, taxation department and local authorities - all of which, it said, shared blame for recent instability. Political analyst Lao Mong Hay said Hun Manet could become head of the armed forces in the future. “He could become the mainstay of the regime which has already become a de facto hereditary military regime,” Lao Mong Hay told Reuters. Hun Sen celebrated 33 years in power in January, and has frequently spoken of staying on for at least another decade. 
969418274424479745	2018-03-02 03:45:02	https://t.co/RVkWljigKG	Australia welcomes Chinese aid to Pacific, despite New Zealand warning https://t.co/RVkWljigKG	 SYDNEY/WELLINGTON (Reuters) - Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said on Friday he supports Chinese foreign investment in impoverished Pacific Island nations so long as it is productive, amid concerns Beijing is buying increased influence in the region. “We welcome this investment from any source, any nation, any development bank, on the basis that it is going to provide real value, supports good governance, has got a robust business plan and so forth,” Turnbull told reporters in Sydney after talks with New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern. Australia is the largest donor of foreign aid to the Pacific, committing A$166.4 million ($129 million) to the region this year. But with a sluggish economy and a large budget deficit, Australia’s economic aid budget will fall to its lowest level, opening a door for China, analysts say. Meanwhile, Chinese economic aid to the region is growing significantly, according to Australian think-tank the Lowy Institute, with an estimated $1.78 billion spent in the decade to 2016. Canberra’s relationship with China soured early this year after Australia’s Minister for International Development and the Pacific Concetta Fierravanti-Wells said Beijing was constructing“useless buildings” and“roads that do not go anywhere” in the Pacific. Australia and New Zealand have long enjoyed near unswayed influence in the Pacific, including acting as protectorates over Pacific nations including Papua New Guinea. But blessed with large natural resources and a desire to source larger allies, China has turned its attention to the region. The issue of China’s influence in the Pacific was informally put on the agenda of the New Zealand state visit after its Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister Winston Peters raised the matter at a speech to the Lowy Institute on Thursday night. Peters said New Zealand will seek to counter China by increasing foreign aid donations to the region. “The Pacific overall has also become an increasingly contested strategic space, no longer neglected by great power ambition, and so Pacific Island leaders have more options. This is creating a degree of strategic anxiety,” Peters said. Last month Taiwan said China had forced Papua New Guinea to change the name of Taipei’s representative office in the country and remove diplomatic license plates from diplomats’ cars. New Zealand is the second largest donor to the region, after Australia, providing around NZ$1 billion ($724.70 million) in aid in the four years ending in mid-2018. Peters did not reveal any details of New Zealand future aid budget. 
969417030838489088	2018-03-02 03:40:05	https://t.co/5rqFFRKDPR	IFAB facing crunch decision on video technology https://t.co/5rqFFRKDPR https://t.co/2fPEOrId71	 Zurich (Reuters) - Soccer’s rule-makers must decide on Saturday whether it is worth risking the flow and spontaneity which makes the sport so special for the possibility of cutting down on refereeing mistakes. The International Football Association Board (IFAB) is expected to decide whether to approve the use of video replay technology (VAR), a system that would allow referees to look again at key decisions that have been made in a split second. It is a decision which many feel could have a fundamental effect on the game, as trials of the system have already shown. FIFA president Gianni Infantino is VAR’s leading supporter and has promised it will be used at this year’s World Cup if approved by IFAB. Infantino said it would wipe out controversies such as the contentious penalty awarded to Switzerland in November that proved decisive in their World Cup qualifying playoff against Northern Ireland. Infantino has argued that, in competitions where VAR is already in use on a trial basis, the number of mistakes have been reduced. But there are questions as to whether it is taking the soul out of the game. There have been some cases of players waiting for several minutes to take a penalty before the referee has reversed the decision and awarded a free kick to their opponents amid general bewilderment. In others, players have scored goals, the entire stadium has celebrated and the score has flashed on live scoring websites, only for the incident to be reviewed as the other team is about to re-start the game and the goal annulled. “My verdict is absolutely negative; players don’t hug each other after scoring a goal any more, instead they look straight towards the referee,” said Lazio coach Simone Inzaghi. “It takes the excitement away from us and the fans. For me, it’s removing the adrenaline and my enjoyment of football.” Before trials began last year, IFAB said the idea was for“minimum interference, maximum effect”. According to IFAB protocols, VAR should only be used in judging goals, penalties, direct red cards and mistaken identity. A referee with access to a video monitor, and in constant communication with the main match official, checks all such decisions. If a“clear and obvious” mistake is spotted, the incident can be reviewed and changed. The referee, who has access to a pitchside monitor, can also initiate a review himself. IFAB’s technical director David Elleray said he preferred to see one review per four matches rather than the other way round but his advice has not always been heeded. Serie A referees, in particular, appear to have been striving for perfection, sometimes reviewing incidents where a player was centimetres offside and where, although there had been a mistake, it was not an obvious one. UEFA president Aleksander Ceferin has said he believed VAR needs more time before it can be more widely used and has already said it will not be used in next season’s Champions League whatever the outcome on Saturday. “For me, I see a lot of confusion from time to time,” he said.“But that doesn’t mean that I’m against it or that I don’t think it will happen.” Another question is how, if experienced referees have not got it right after several months, can officials from other parts of the world be expected to adapt in a matter of weeks for a World Cup. FIFA holds four of the eight votes on IFAB — the others are split between the four British national associations. Six votes are needed for it to be introduced. FIFA president Gianni Infantino told Reuters on Monday that he remained committed to VAR. “If we, or I, can do something to make sure that the World Cup is not decided by a referee’s mistakes, then I think it’s our duty to do it,” he said. 
969414881521885184	2018-03-02 03:31:33	https://t.co/dour2n6b8u	China warns Taiwan playing with fire over U.S. bill https://t.co/dour2n6b8u	 BEIJING/TAIPEI (Reuters) - China warned Taiwan on Friday it would only get burnt if it sought to rely on foreigners, adding to warnings from state media the country could go to war over Taiwan if the United States passes into law a bill promoting closer U.S. ties. The legislation, which only needs President Donald Trump’s signature to become law, says it should be U.S. policy to allow officials at all levels to travel to Taiwan to meet their Taiwanese counterparts, permit high-level Taiwanese officials to enter the United States“under respectful conditions” and meet with U.S. officials. Beijing considers democratic Taiwan to be a wayward province and integral part of“one China”, ineligible for state-to-state relations, and has never renounced the use of force to bring the island under its control. China’s Taiwan Affairs Office said the bill was a serious contravention of the“one China” principle. “We also sternly warn Taiwan: do not rely on foreigners to build yourselves up, or it will only draw the fire upon you,” it said in a short statement. In a strongly-worded editorial, the official China Daily said if the bill becomes law it will only encourage Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen to further assert the island’s sovereignty. “Which, if she persisted, would lead to the inevitable consequence of triggering the Anti-Secession Law that allows Beijing to use force to prevent the island from seceding,” the paper said, referring to a Chinese law passed in 2005. “Since the U.S. is bound by domestic law to act on behalf of the island in that instance, it would only give substance to the observation that the descent into hell is easy.” China’s hostility towards Taiwan has risen since the election to president of Tsai from the pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party in 2016. China suspects Tsai wants to push for formal independence, crossing a red line for Communist Party leaders in Beijing, though Taiwan’s leader has said she wants to maintain the status quo and is committed to ensuring peace. Taiwan has welcomed the U.S. legislation. Speaking to reporters in Taipei on Friday, Premier William Lai said the United States was a“solid ally” of Taiwan’s and expressed his deep thanks for the legislation. “We wholeheartedly anticipate that this law can in the future further raise the substantive relationship between Taiwan and the United States,” Lai said. In a second editorial, the widely-read state-run Global Times tabloid said China could“make targeted measures against pro-independence forces in Taiwan”. “Militarily, the strength of the People’s Liberation Army has fundamentally changed the military and political situation across the Straits,” it said, talking about the narrow waterway that separates Taiwan from its giant neighbor. “Thanks to its rapid growth, the Chinese mainland is now granted unparalleled strategic initiative across the Taiwan Straits.” China has dramatically upped its military presence around Taiwan. China’s air force has carried out 16 rounds of exercises close to Taiwan in the last year or so, said Taiwan’s defense ministry in late December, warning that China’s military threat was growing by the day. The United States has no formal ties with Taiwan but is bound by law to help it defend itself and is the island’s main source of arms. China regularly says Taiwan is the most sensitive issue in its ties with Washington. 
969414871250096128	2018-03-02 03:31:30	https://t.co/DpHvpuMFtC	U.S. hopes for U.N. vote on new Syria toxic gas inquiry next week https://t.co/DpHvpuMFtC	 (Reuters) - The United States wants the United Nations Security Council to create a new inquiry into who is to blame for chemical weapons attacks in Syria, and U.S. Ambassador Nikki Haley said on Thursday she hopes to put it to a vote as early as next week. A previous international investigation, known as the Joint Investigative Mechanism (JIM), ended in November after Russia blocked for the third time in a month attempts to renew the inquiry, which Moscow has slammed as flawed. Russia then in January proposed its own draft resolution to create a new inquiry, but has never put it to a vote. The United States slammed the Russian text as a bid to distract from a French initiative to target perpetrators of toxic gas attacks. “When the Russians put their mechanism forward that’s a non-starter and so that’s why we’re coming back out with another one,” Haley told Reuters.“We’ve been working on it since the JIM was killed.” “We’ve taken into account certain things that (the Russians)thought were an issue, but if they want no mechanism at all they’ll veto it,” Haley said. The previous joint inquiry of the United Nations and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) had found the Syrian government used the nerve agent sarin in an April 4, 2017 attack and has also several times used chlorine as a weapon. It blamed Islamic State militants for mustard gas use. The U.S. draft resolution was discussed by experts from U.N. Security Council missions on Thursday, but diplomats said Russia did not attend. The U.S. draft text, seen by Reuters, proposes the creation of a U.N. Independent Mechanism of Investigation for one year, which would identify who is responsible for chemical weapons attacks in Syria. 
969414554995384320	2018-03-02 03:30:15	https://t.co/SZV1qEhtav	Asia steel exporters seek more info on U.S. tariffs amid trade war fears https://t.co/SZV1qEhtav https://t.co/6Bd3Q4ARLS	 SEOUL/SYDNEY (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s planned tariffs on steel and aluminum will distort global trade and cost jobs, Australia’s trade minister said on Friday, highlighting the risk of retaliatory measures as Asian exporters sought more detail on the plans. Fears of an escalating trade war hit the share prices of Asian steelmakers and manufacturers supplying U.S. markets particularly hard on Friday following a rough night on Wall Street. Trump said the duties of 25 percent on steel and 10 percent on aluminum would be formally announced next week, although White House officials later said some details still needed to be ironed out. “The imposition of a tariff like this will do nothing other than distort trade and ultimately, we believe, will lead to a loss of jobs,” Australian trade minister Steven Ciobo told reporters in Sydney. “My concern remains that on the back of actions like this we could see retaliatory measures that are put in place by other major economies. That is in no-one’s interest.” Australia, which has championed the free-trade Trans Pacific Partnership that Trump pulled the United States out of, has sought an exemption for its steel and aluminum to the United States, Ciobo added. Steel has become key focus for Trump, who pledged to restore the U.S. industry and punish what he sees as unfair trade practices, particularly by China. Although China only accounts for 2 percent of U.S. steel imports, its massive industry expansion has helped produce a global glut of steel that has driven down prices. “The impact on China is not big,” said Li Xinchuang, vice secretary-general of the China Iron and Steel Association. “Nothing can be done about Trump. We are already numb to him.” South Korea, the third-largest steel exporter to the United States after Canada and Brazil, said it will keep talking to U.S. officials until Washington’s plans for tariffs are finalised. “For us, the worst case scenario was a 54 percent tariff,” said a South Korean trade ministry official who declined to be named as he was not authorized to speak to media.“”Still if the option for a global tariff of at least 24 percent is taken, that will still affect our steel exports to the U.S.” South Korean trade minister Kim Hyun-chong has been in the United States since Feb. 25, the trade ministry said. Kim has met U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross and other officials to raise concerns over the so-called Section 232 probe and consider a plan that would minimize the damage to South Korean companies. Of most concern to Asian producers and exporters is the risk that any U.S. tariffs will trigger retaliation by other countries that spread beyond metal markets into a full blown trade war. Asian steelmakers also fear U.S. tariffs could result in their domestic markets becoming flooded with steel products that have nowhere else to go. “What we need is a multilateral approach or a dialogue between the Trump administration and China to address China’s domestic overcapacity production issues,” said Jacob Parker, vice president of China operations at the U.S.-China Business Council.“These tariffs won’t address that.” The Trump administration also cited national security interests for its action, saying the United States needs domestic supplies for its tanks and warships. Contrary to the action announced by Trump on Thursday, the Department of Defense had recommended targeted steel tariffs and a delay in aluminum duties. “We are aware of President Trump’s statement but the details of the measures including which nations will be targeted have yet to be announced,” said Japanese Trade and Industry Minister Hiroshige Seko. “We continue to seek clarification. I don’t think exports of steel and aluminum from Japan, which is a U.S. ally, damages U.S. national security in any way, and we would like to explain that to the U.S.“ Trump believes the tariffs will safeguard American jobs but many economists say the impact of price increases for consumers of steel and aluminum, such as the auto and oil industries, will be to destroy more jobs than they create. Japan’s Toyota Motor Corp said the tariffs would substantially raise costs and therefore prices of cars and trucks sold in America. News of the tariffs hit sentiment on Wall Street due to the potential impact of higher costs on consumers and the potential for damaging tit-for-tat retaliation by affected countries. Asian steelmakers suffered with shares in South Korea’s POSCO and Japan’s Nippon Steel & Sumitomo Metal Corp down more than 3 percent. 
969410587087253509	2018-03-02 03:14:29	https://t.co/Cx0FMpFYQu	U.S. issues alert after tourist ferry explosion in Mexico https://t.co/Cx0FMpFYQu	 MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - A blast last month on a tourist ferry in the Mexican beach resort of Playa del Carmen was caused by“an explosive device” that injured passengers, including U.S. tourists, the U.S. embassy in Mexico said on Thursday. A security alert posted on the embassy’s website warned American citizens to exercise caution and said Mexican authorities continued to investigate the blast. Two more explosive devices were found attached to another ferry on the island of Cozumel on Thursday, local media reported, saying marine troops had secured the scene. The Ministry of the Marina did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The Quintana Roo state prosecutors office said federal agents were investigating the cases. The federal attorney general’s office did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The Quintana Roo state port authority said on Feb. 21 that the initial signs were that a mechanical failure had caused the explosion in Playa del Carmen that injured at least 18 people. Local media reported up to 25 people had been hurt, but none of the injuries were life-threatening. Local media also reported that a drug gang had taken credit for the blast. The same company, Barcos Caribe, operated both the ferry in Playa de Carmen and Cozumel, and is owned by the father of former Quintana Roo state Governor Roberto Borge, who is facing corruption charges, local media reported. Barcos Caribe did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment. Borge, from Mexico’s ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI), was extradited in January from Panama to face charges of embezzlement and abuse of public office. Borge has denied the allegations. 
