969386557550530560	2018-03-02 01:39:00	https://t.co/dAZotd1O1u	Ultra-minimalist Light Phone 2 aims to end social media addiction https://t.co/dAZotd1O1u	A startup has built an anti-smartphone for people who no longer want to be obsessed with their gadgets.Called the Light Phone 2, the device is an ultra-minimalist and elegant 'dumb phone' that can send text messages, make phone calls and serve as an alarm clock.Like its predecessor, the Light Phone 2 doesn't connect to social media, email or news websites. Its creators say the Light Phone is a 'phone for humans' and is a device that 'actually respects you.''By allowing you to leave behind your smartphone, it encourages you to spend quality time doing the things you love the most, free of distraction,' according to Light, the company behind the phone. 'We call this 'going light,' they added. The original Light Phone, which could only make phone calls, launched on Kickstarter in 2015. It was purchased by about 10,000 people, according to the company. Light has set up a crowdfunding campaign for backers of the Light Phone 2, which is still in the prototype phase.More features may be added to the Light Phone 2 in the future, such as directions, ride-sharing, music playlists, weather, a calculator, dictionary and the ability to make voice commands.The company noted that it will never add features like email, news, advertising or social media to the device. The Light Phone 2 is designed to be easy on the eyes, with a matte finish that comes in either black or white. The matte finish makes it easier to view the Light Phone 2's screen while outdoors. It has a 4G connection and uses an E-ink display, similar to Amazon's Kindle. The Light Phone 2 actually takes a page from Apple's iPhone when it comes to some design aspects. Like the iPhone, the Light Phone 2 has a power button on the top of the device and a microphone near the top of the display. On the bottom side, it has a headphone jack, a USB-C charging port and another microphone. The right side of the Light Phone 2 has two buttons that are used to scroll up and down through the device's 'roadmap of tools.'The device is designed to be easy to navigate, by not bogging users down with a mountain of apps, functions and buttons. 'We are rethinking what an operating system can be,' the company said in a video showing off the Light Phone 2. 'These are tools, not feeds. It's a phone that actually respects you,' they added. Light noted that the device doesn't require a carrier because it uses a nano SIM card. Users can set it up so that calls or messages are forwarded from their other phone to the Light Phone 2 or they can set up an auto reply on their other phone. Brooklyn-based startup Light has created the Light Phone 2, a successor to the Light phone that was released in 2015.The Light Phone 2 is a 'dumb phone' that can only complete a few different tasks, including calls, text messages and setting alarms.It's in the prototype phase, so more features may be added in the future, such as turn-by-turn directions, music playlists, ride-sharing and weather. Light said it will never include social apps, news, email or advertisements.The company started a crowdfunding campaign to raise funding for the Light Phone 2, which costs $250 and will ship to customers starting in April 2019. Here are the Light Phone 2's specifications: The Light Phone is priced at $400 but is being sold for a temporary discount of $250. Light noted that the device isn't expected to ship until April 2019, which is one year after the Kickstart campaign expires. More features may be added to the Light Phone 2 in the future, but the company says it's ultimately designed to be 'used as little as possible,' in a way that encourages users to leave their smartphone at home. Light said the company was started with the idea of being 'a refreshing alternative to tech monopolies,' like Facebook, Google, Twitter and Snapchat. 'Smartphones are engineered to use these human vulnerabilities [of addiction] against us,' the company explained. 'We don't want to be made to feel that we're not enough''We believe objects empower us and help us appreciate our lives even more,' they added. The Brooklyn-based startup's founders, Joe Hollier and Kai Tang, met when they were asked to build smartphone apps at Google's incubator for designers, 30 weeks. While there, they decided they didn't want to create another smartphone app, realizing the 'last thing the world needs is another smartphone app.' They later went on to build early prototypes of the original Light phone, which they describe as a 'phone away from home.' Ultimately, Hollier said the Light Phone isn't meant to be a replacement for the smartphone.Instead, he hopes users will view the Light Phone as a device that can facilitate a temporary break from social media, emails and the overall distractions perpetuated by smartphone addiction. 
969370311232753664	2018-03-02 00:34:26	https://t.co/FNkUP6KDIG	Hypnotic soap-cutting videos are the latest trend in sensory clips https://t.co/FNkUP6KDIG	Soap-cutting has been added to the list of things that can give you a 'brain orgasm' along with sizzling bacon and soft whispers. The newest social media video trend involves cutting or shaving pieces of soap off a block to relax viewers or induce a tingly feeling known as ASMR.Research has suggested that autonomous sensory meridian response (ASMR), which refers to a tingling sensation on the skin that typically begins on the scalp and moves down the back of the neck and upper spine, may help temporarily alleviate symptoms of depression and chronic pain.A small group of social media accounts have set out to bring soft, soapy relaxation to thousands of viewers.'Soap-cutting' videos involve using a variety of peeling, chopping, shaving and cutting techniques on different types and colors of soap.One of the most popular soap-cutting accounts on YouTube called ASMR Soap Queen is run by a woman who identifies herself only as 'Z.E.'.'I decided to film soap-cutting videos because I thought people might find it relaxing,' she told Daily Mail Online.Z.E. said that when she started the accounts on Instagram and YouTube, the initial feedback wad mostly negative.'Because it was such a new concept, a lot of people didn’t understand what I was doing,' she said.However, she said the general response quickly turned from negative to positive.'You have no idea how many people thanked me for making a video that helps them study, sleep, relax and get rid of their anxiety. It was like a tiny cure of stress.' Z.E. has been watching ASMR videos on YouTube for several years. She found that soap-cutting was an innovative way to create the tingling sensation. 'How the soap crumbles into pieces and the noise it makes is very appealing,' Z.E. told The Today Show. 'The reason why people enjoy these types of videos is because of satisfaction and how it releases stress away.'In just eight months, Z.E. has posted nearly 300 videos and racked up more than 31K subscribers on YouTube.Her Instagram account has more than 100K followers. When asked about her reaction to her videos' popularity, Z.E. said: 'I was very surprised. My channel gained over 10,000 followers in the first week of creating my page. It was crazy.' The ASMR community has been active on YouTube for almost a decade, even before the phrase itself was coined in 2010.ASMR is commonly referred to as 'whisper therapy' because the earlier videos on YouTube consisted mostly of people speaking softly into a microphone.ASMR is described as a variety of soothing sensations such as tingles, relaxation, calmness, or sleepiness in response to gentle stimuli often including whispering, soft talking, light touches and methodical sounds, according to ASMR University, a website devoted to educating the public about the phenomenon.Earlier this year, a video of bacon sizzling in a pan went viral as viewers reported that it gave them the tingling sensation and helped them sleep. Z.E. said that she personally experiences ASMR tingling from the soap videos, but that many of her fans simply watch them because they're relaxing. In two of her most popular videos, which both have more than 350K views as of Thursday afternoon, feature a shiny, iPhone-sized block of turquoise glycerin soap.She uses a small paring knife to strip curls of soap off the block. When the pieces hit the table they make a dull clunking sound. In another popular video with more than 160K views she uses a more dry and brittle bar of bright green soap.As she runs her knife through the soap it crumbles off in small pieces. 'At first, I knew this sounded quite crazy to cut a soap and film it. As soon as I posted it on my Instagram page, lots of people watched it and they wanted more. I was very surprised and happy to film more videos.' There is very little reputable research available on what causes the tingling sensations. In fact, most of the researchers who Daily Mail Online has approached to comment on the topic have declined based on a lack of knowledge.Only five peer-reviewed studies have been published, including one by British researchers Nick Davis and Emma Barratt from 2015 that looked at people who already reported watching and listening to ASMR content regularly.'The people who participated in our research reported using it mainly for relaxation, and to get a better night's sleep,' Barratt told TODAY.'There was a fair amount of people who also said they used it to lift their mood — we found that those who experience depression can get a pretty big boost in mood from watching and listening to ASMR content.' 
969353094940319745	2018-03-01 23:26:02	https://t.co/yGFjhkrfic	Mothers who sleep with their babies past six months are at DOUBLE the risk of depression, study finds https://t.co/yGFjhkrfic	Mothers who sleep with their baby in the same bed beyond six months are almost twice as likely to suffer depression, according to new research.Women that co-bedded longer were more likely to worry over their baby's sleep and think they are being criticized - putting a strain on their relationships, researchers at Penn State University. On average, these mothers reported being about 76 percent more depressed than those who had moved their baby into a separate room.Though the study authors did not take a side in the co-sleeping debate, they pointed out that sharing a bed may not only cause stress, but make it more difficult for parents to sleep well, making then more vulnerable to depression. The 'baby' blues are a common occurrence for new mothers, as hormonal changes and pure exhaustion combine to work against their mental health. But postpartum depression can be a much more serious and lasting condition. While about 80 percent of women get the so-called blues, only 15 percent of births are accompanied by a mother's postpartum depression (PPD), which usually sets in between a week and a month after a baby's birth, and can last for months.Stress can put mothers at greater risk of developing symptoms - like hopelessness, spontaneous crying, and even violent thoughts - so, efforts to minimize their worries and feelings of insecurity may help to prevent (PPD)Dr Douglas Teti, lead author for the Penn State University study, said: 'We definitely saw the persistent co-sleepers - the moms that were still co-sleeping after six months - were the ones who seemed to get the most criticism.'They also reported greater levels of worry about their baby's sleep, which makes sense when you're getting criticized about something that people are saying you shouldn't be doing, that raises self-doubt. That's not good for anyone.' Co-sleeping with babies is a sensitive subject, with many parents feeling it is natural, or the only way to get their children to sleep is by lying in the same bed with them.According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), more than 60 percent of Americans report sharing their beds with their babies at some point.Though the American Academy of Pediatricians stops short of saying that co-sleeping is safe, in 2016 the association revised its guidelines to acknowledge that, realistically, exhausted mothers are going to fall asleep with their babies in beds occasionally.But the official advice is that the practices comes with an increased risk of infant death.This can make mothers who choose to do it more likely to feel depressed or judged, said Dr Teti.He said, regardless of current parenting trends, it is important to find a sleep arrangement that works for everyone in the family.Prof Teti said: 'In other parts of the world, co-sleeping is considered normal, while here in the US, it tends to be frowned upon.'Co-sleeping, as long as its done safely, is fine as long as both parents are on board with it. If it's working for everyone, and everyone is okay with it, then co-sleeping is a perfectly acceptable option.'The researchers said most American families begin co-sleeping when their babies are first born, moving them to their own room by the time they are six months old.In 2015 Sudden Infant Death Syndrome (SIDS) killed about 1,600 babies in the US, according to the CDC.Among babies that are less than a year old, SIDS is the leading cause of death.SIDS can occur for a number of reasons, including:Concerns about sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS) or the desire for babies to learn how to fall asleep on their own may be why many prefer them to sleep alone. An analysis of 103 mothers in their baby's first year of life saw a similar pattern.Dr Teti said: 'We found about 73 percent of families co-slept at the one-month point. That dropped to about 50 percent by three months, and by six months, it was down to about 25 percent.'Most babies that were in co-sleeping arrangements in the beginning were moved out into solitary sleep by six months.'Dr Teti said the study published in Infant and Child Development was not about whether co-sleeping is good or bad, but the importance of finding an arrangement that works well without neglecting a partner or spouse.He said: 'If you are going to co-sleep, you have to make sure both people in the partnership have talked it through and both people are in sync with what they want to do.'If not, that's when criticism and arguments can happen, and possibly spill over into the relationship with child. So you want to avoid that. You need to make sure you have time with your partner, as well.'Dr Teti also said that even when co-sleeping works well, it can still cause more loss of sleep for the parents than if the baby slept in its own room.He added: 'If you co-sleep, it is going to disrupt your sleep, and probably Mom's sleep more than Dad's. So this is something to be careful with if you are not good with chronic sleep debt.'Co-sleeping needs to work well for everyone, and that includes getting adequate sleep. To be the best parent you can be, you have to take care of yourself, and your child benefits as a result.'An estimated 3,500 babies die from sleep-related causes each year in the US, the CDC reported in January. That number includes cases of suffocation, sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS) and deaths from unknown causes. Last month, a Harvard University study reported that the rate of infants dying in their sleep has not changed in the last 25 years in the US, suggesting efforts to promote safer sleeping practice have gone unheeded. The chance of sudden death goes up when bed-sharing if a parent smokes, has drunk alcohol or taken drugs, or is very tired, they say.Babies are at greater risk of dying during co-sleeping if they were either premature or had a low birth weight. The CDC recommends the safest place for a baby to sleep in the first six months is in a cot in the same room as the parent or carer. 
969347314799214592	2018-03-01 23:03:04	https://t.co/Fmk98kvmEx	World's largest family tree linking 13 MILLION people reveals the fascinating patterns of migration and marriage https://t.co/Fmk98kvmEx	The largest ever 'family tree' spanning 11 generations has revealed fascinating details about the lives of Westerners over the past 500 years.Scientists trawled 86 million profiles from a genealogy website to uncover a 'family' of 13 million people from Europe and North America.By looking at their genetic data, they were able to piece together their migrations, marriages and lifespans.The results showed that before the Industrial Revolution in the US, Canada and Europe, there was a high chance people would end up marrying a fourth cousin.According to the genetic data, most people would only travel six-miles (10km) of where they were born to find a partner. By looking at lifespan differences between more than three million pairs of relatives, the study also found that your chances of living longer boil down to your genes about 16 per cent of the time.Scroll down for video 'The reconstructed pedigrees show that we are all related to each other,' said Peter Visscher, a quantitative geneticist at University of Queensland who was not involved in the study.'This fact is known from basic population history principles, but what the authors have achieved is still very impressive.' To construct the family tree, researchers, downloaded 86 million public profiles from Geni.com, a collaborative genealogy website owned by MyHeritage.From the data - which focused mostly on people who originated in Europe and North America - interconnected profiles began to converge into one massive tree of 13 million people. 'Users can create profiles and they can upload their own family trees and what makes it really unique is that Geni scans the profiles for similarities and merges those trees if they see the match of a person,' said lead researcher Joanna Kaplanis from the Wellcome Sanger Institute.'So if the same person appears in multiple trees, they'll offer to merge those trees.' Distance people travelled to find love Scientists found recent reduction in genetic relatedness in Western societies had more to do with shifting cultural factors than it did with the advent of transportation.'Even when people started to move away they were still marrying people who were quite related to them. There was around a 50 year lag', said Dr Kaplanis.'It seems that it was cultural differences that changed that norm', she said.Before 1850, marrying in the family was common - to someone who was, on average, a fourth cousin, compared to seventh cousins today.Looking at migration patterns, researchers led by Columbia University found females migrate more than males in Western societies, but over shorter distances.Before 1750, most Americans found a spouse within six miles (10 kilometres) of where they were born.However, for those born in 1950, that distance had stretched to about 60 miles (100 kilometres) as it 'became harder to find the love of your life', researchers found.Changing social norms, rather than rising mobility, may have led people to shun close kin as marriage partners, researchers say.Before 1850, marrying in the family was common - to someone who was, on average, a fourth cousin, compared to seventh cousins today.Curiously, the researchers found that between 1800 and 1850, people travelled farther than ever to find a mate - nearly 12 miles (19 kilometres) on average - but were more likely to marry a fourth cousin or closer.'It became harder to find the love of your life,' said Yaniv Erlich a computer scientist at Columbia University and Chief Science Officer at MyHeritage, a genealogy and DNA testing company that owns Geni.com.Scientists found recent reduction in genetic relatedness in Western societies had more to do with shifting cultural factors than it did with the advent of transportation.'Even when people started to move away they were still marrying people who were quite related to them. There was around a 50 year lag', said lead researcher Joanna Kaplanis from the Wellcome Sanger Institute.'It seems that it was cultural differences that changed that norm', she said. 'We were able to track different migration events. You can see as people start being born in different places you can see when Columbus landed in the US and when the Dutch went to South Africa', said Dr Kaplanis.Curiously, the researchers found that between 1800 and 1850, people travelled farther than ever to find a mate - nearly 12 miles (19 kilometres) on average - but were more likely to marry a fourth cousin or closer. 'It became harder to find the love of your life,' said Yaniv Erlich a computer scientist at Columbia University and Chief Science Officer at MyHeritage, a genealogy and DNA testing company that owns Geni.com.How did they work out longevity?Another aspect of the study was working out whether longevity was largely down to our genes or lifestyle choices.To try and untangle the role of nature and nurture, the researchers built a model and trained it on a dataset of 3 million relatives born between 1600 and 1910 who had lived past the age of 30.They excluded twins, individuals who died in the US Civil War, World War I and II, or in a natural disaster (inferred if relatives died within 10 days of each other). They compared each individual's lifespan to that of their relatives. They found that genes explained about 16 per cent of the longevity variation seen in their data - on the low end of previous estimates which have ranged from about 15 per cent to 30 per cent.'The results indicate that good longevity genes can extend someone's life by an average of five years, said Dr Erlich.'That's not a lot,' he added.Previous studies have shown that smoking takes 10 years off of your life. That means some life choices could matter a lot more than genetics. Significantly, the study also shows that the genes that influence longevity act independently rather than interacting with each other, a phenomenon called epistasis. Some scientists have used epistasis to explain why large-scale genomic studies have so far failed to find the genes that encode complex traits like intelligence or longevity.If some genetic variants act together to influence longevity, the researchers would have seen a greater correlation among closely related individuals who share more DNA, and thus more genetic interactions. However, they found a linear link between longevity and genetic relatedness, ruling out widespread epistasis. How did they verify their data? In order to check that the dataset was representative of the general US population, researchers cross-checked the subset of Vermont on Geni.com with profiles against the state's death registry.'There is a geographical bias as most of our users are from Europe or the US so we don't have a global view', said Dr Kaplanis.'However, to test this socio-economic bias we collected death certificates from the Vermont department of health and matched those death certificates to the data in the tree', she said.Researchers also obtained every death certificate issued in the state of Vermont, which has an open policy about death certificates, from 1985 to 2000, for a total of nearly 80,000 records.'Through the hard work of many genealogists curious about their family history, we crowdsourced an enormous family tree and boom, came up with something unique,' said Dr Erlich.'We hope that this dataset can be useful to scientists researching a range of other topics', he said.All of the data researchers downloaded is publicly available and people will be able to download their information onto the tree and add to the wealth of information. All of the analysis was done on individuals who are deceased. 'It's an exciting moment for citizen science,' said Melinda Mills, a demographer at University of Oxford who was not involved in the study'It demonstrates how millions of regular people in the form of genealogy enthusiasts can make a difference to science.' 
969343821191569410	2018-03-01 22:49:11	https://t.co/XzGYzHP0eq	Saturn-sized exoplanet 700 light-years away has WATER in its atmosphere, NASA revealshttps://t.co/XzGYzHP0eq	Scientists have spotted a ‘surprising’ amount of water in the atmosphere around a massive planet far beyond our solar system.The planet, known as WASP-39b, sits roughly 700 light-years away and is estimated to have three times more water in its vicinity than Saturn.While scientists have previously drawn parallels between the two planets due to their similar masses, the extreme difference in water content suggests WASP-39b formed in a different way than our ringed neighbour.Scroll down for video WASP-39b is a scorching ‘hot Saturn’ exoplanet in the constellation Virgo.It orbits a sun-like star once every four days, at a distance 20 times closer than Earth is to the sun.And, on the day side, temperatures can reach 1,430 degrees Fahrenheit (776.7 degrees Celsius).On the permanent night side, temperatures are nearly as hot due to powerful winds which transport heat around the planet.While WASP-39b certainly wouldn’t make a nice place to live, the experts say its surprising atmosphere can help improve our understanding of the planets and processes in our own solar system.Scientists initially expected to find water when analyzing the fingerprints of different compounds in the exoplanet’s atmosphere.But, they weren’t prepared to find so much.Based on the high amount of water, the experts say WASP-39b likely formed far away from its star and was bombarded with icy material.Then, it migrated closer in an ‘epic journey’ across its system.‘We need to look outward so we can understand our own solar system,’ said lead investigator Hannah Wakeford of the Space Telescope Science Institute in Baltimore, Maryland, and the University of Exeter in Devon, UK.‘But exoplanets are showing us that planet formation is more complicated and more confusing than we thought it was. And that’s fantastic.’Though WASP-39b is compared to Saturn, the two planets are very different in a number of ways – the most obvious being that WASP-39b does not have rings.And, its atmosphere is a ‘puffy’ environment free of high-altitude clouds, giving scientists an unprecedented look at the region around an exoplanet.The team used data from the Hubble and Spitzer space telescopes to find the ‘fingerprints’ of water and other molecules.With this, they’ve captured what they say is the most complete spectrum of an exoplanet’s atmosphere yet.‘This spectrum is thus far the most beautiful example we have of what a clear exoplanet atmosphere looks like,’ Wakeford said.The Hubble Space Telescope was launched jointly by NASA and the European Space Agency.The Hubble is a space-based and long-term observatory.The Hubble observes ultraviolet wavelengths, which the atmosphere filters out, and it collects visible light.'The Hubble Space Telescope has made some of the most dramatic discoveries in the history of astronomy,' a statement on the Telescope says.The machinery sits more than 370 miles above earth.It can pick up on light via its 'eyes', which are five times more focused than ground-based telescopes.The Hubble focuses on areas in deep outer space 'where some of the most profound mysteries are still buried in the mists of time'.Using the upcoming James Webb Space Telescope, the researchers say they could soon obtain an even more detailed look at the exoplanet’s atmosphere, revealing insight on its atmospheric carbon.Carbon absorbs light at longer, infrared wavelengths than Hubble is able to detect, according to the team.With further studies on its carbon and oxygen concentrations, the scientists will be able to better understand how it formed.‘WASP-39b shows exoplanets can have much different compositions than those of our solar system,’ said co-author David Ding of the University of Exeter in Devon.‘Hopefully this diversity we see in exoplanets will give us clues in figuring out all the different ways a planet can form and evolve.’
969338241450172416	2018-03-01 22:27:00	https://t.co/eOBQRQLZiB	Scientists finally discover why 'The Iceman' can withstand freezing cold temperatures without dying  https://t.co/eOBQRQLZiB	Wim Hof has baffled the world of science for decades with his bizarre ability to withstand freezing cold temperatures.But now scientists believe they've figured out why 'The Iceman' has yet to enter a state of hypothermia - which can kill in minutes.And they claim his Wim Hof Method, simply concentrating hard on keeping warm, could work as a painkiller and mood booster.In the first ever trial of the Dutch man's bizarre talent, the 57-year-old and 20 other adults were exposed to 15°C (59°F) water. Body temperatures drop dangerously low in such scenarios, but tests showed the heat of his skin did not deviate once. Striking brain scans revealed a region of his brain that controls pain is significantly more active than that of the participants.During the experiment, Hof's periaqueductal gray matter spiked both times he was exposed to the cold water in a special full-body suit.In contrast, an analysis of the control group - who were affected by the cold water - showed no such spike in the brain region. Wayne State University researchers, led by Professor Otto Muzik, pointed to Hof's own method as the reason why he can withstand the cold.Professor Muzik said: 'The willful regulation of skin temperature... is an unusual occurrence and may explain his resistance to frostbite.'Hof, from Sittard, puts his capabilities down to his self-developed set of breathing and meditation techniques, called the Wim Hof Method.But before now, his strange talent had baffled scientists, as they scratched their heads trying to understand how it was physically possible.Hof holds 21 Guinness World Records, scooping one for spending nearly two hours in an ice bath. Adults are recommended to spend no more than 10 minutes in one. When the human body is exposed to extreme cold, our core temperature drops, causing the body to enter a state of hypothermia, and eventually we freeze to death.But 57-year-old Wim Hof, from the Netherlands, has been able to spend nearly two hours in an ice bath and emerge unharmed.The Iceman, as he is known, has also run a full marathon above the Arctic Circle wearing just shorts.Hof puts his capabilities down to his self-developed meditation and breathing technique – known as the Wim Hof Method – enabling him to control his body’s autonomous hormonal responses.This was tested by researchers at Radboud University Medical Centre in the Netherlands as part of research into the treatment of autoimmune diseases.Hof was injected with endotoxin, a substance that tricks the body into thinking it is under bacterial attack.He should have developed a fever and flu-like symptoms but did not, so researchers concluded that there may be truth to his claims about his ability to suppress his automatic immune response. The findings, published in the journal NeuroImage, offer the first explanation as to why Hof has such an ability to withstand the cold.Hof wore a special whole-body suit containing water that experts could control the temperature of during the three-day study.They measured brain changes through functional magnetic resonance imaging, and looked at what happens in his body through PET scans.His results were compared to participants who formed part of a long-running study looking into how the brain responds to temperature changes. The researchers expected Hof to show significant brain activity changes in a region called the anterior insula, which regulates temperature.Professor Muzik added: 'However, we observed more substantial differences in an area called periaqueductal gray matter, located in the upper brainstem. 'This area is associated with brain mechanisms for the control of sensory pain and is thought to implement this control through the release of opioids and cannabinoids.' PET scans showed it allowed him to generate heat that dissipates to lung tissue and warms circulating blood. Researchers believe the Hof's own method works as a painkiller and mood booster. They speculated it releases endorphins in the brain, which control pain and can produce a feeling of euphoria similar to opiod drugs, such as morphine.In a statement, they said: 'This effect has the potential to create a feeling of well-being, mood control and reduced anxiety.'They now believe the Wim Hof Method could be used to treat medical conditions, from auto-immune conditions to anxiety.Professor Vaibhav Diwadkar, who was involved in the study, said the possibilities were 'too intriguing to ignore'.And Professor Muzik added: 'It is not mysterious to imagine that what we practice can change our physiology.' 
969334236665835525	2018-03-01 22:11:06	https://t.co/2nOk29SgkM	Brain stimulation really CAN improve your memory (but only if you get the treatment when you're young) https://t.co/2nOk29SgkM	Brain stimulation benefits young people much more than the elderly, new research found.Scientists at the University of Illinois have found that the treatment, thought to improve people's memories, does, in fact, work.However, they learned it is not nearly as effective for older people as it is for young adults.The researchers tested two different sets of participants for the new study.A total of 96 people were tested for the study, published in Journals of Gerontology: Psychological Sciences.Forty-eight of them were aged 18 to 35, and the other half were aged 60 to 79.To test the effects of brain stimulation, the University of Illinois scientists asked the participants to memorize 60 face-name pairs.During the experiment, some of the participants received brain stimulation treatments. The others received a placebo treatment - stimulation that was fake.Then the researchers tested the participants' minds immediately after all had received their 'treatments'.They were tested a second time 24 hours after the experiment, the following day.Upon analyzing the results, the researchers learned that brain stimulation is not particularly effective for older people.The study explained: 'Ultimately, the researchers found that while the younger adults showed memory improvement from stimulation, the older adults did not.'This finding is interesting because it goes against what researchers previously thought about brain stimulation treatments.Doctors turn to deep brain stimulation to treat various neurological conditions.The treatment involves the implantation of electrodes into certain areas of the brain.The electrodes create electrical impulses, which regulate abnormal impulses.A device similar to a pacemaker controls the level of stimulation administered.The device is placed beneath the skin in the upper chest. A wire connects the device to electrodes in the brain.Deep brain stimulation can be used to treat:'The results contradict findings from previous studies that showed that a slight electoral current through the scalp had a greater effect on cognition for older adults compared to younger adults,' the study said.Study author Eric Leshikar said the research showed an immense difference in the amount that brain stimulation affects older and younger people.He said: 'On average the amount of improvement that younger adults showed from brain stimulation was a 50 percent improvement in memory.'Importantly, we found these memory improvements both immediately after stimulation, as well as after 24 hours, suggesting that brain stimulation can effectively improve memory.'According to Leshikar, future research on the topic will focus on whether or not the use of different stimulation procedures has the ability to help improve older adults' memories.He explained: 'It very well may be that older adults may show memory improvement from stimulation, but perhaps not under the stimulation procedures we used in this study.'The report said: 'As people grow older their memory tend[s] to get poorer, so finding ways to improve it is an important matter of investigation given the longer contemporary lifespans that people are experiencing.'
969328942476820480	2018-03-01 21:50:03	https://t.co/XX9O0E9gml	Eating fatty fish once a week linked to a 45 percent lower risk of multiple sclerosis, research suggests https://t.co/XX9O0E9gml	Eating fish once a week may help to lower risks of developing multiple sclerosis, new research suggests.Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a potentially debilitating disease of the nervous system and neither a cause or a cure have been identified.In MS, the body attacks the fatty protective sheaths around nerves, damaging them and impairing the brain's communication with the rest of the body so that sufferers have spurts of time when they cannot walk or control their bodies- a state that becomes permanent for some.Preliminary evidence from a Kaiser Permanente study suggests that people who ate fish regularly had a 45 percent lower risk of having MS, meaning that dietary changes could help to prevent the mysterious disease.For the more than 400,000 people in the US that suffer from MS, there is little to be done to prevent or ease the symptoms of its 'attacks.'MS affects everyone with the disease differently. Some may only have one 'attack,' or episode, and the spectrum of symptoms range from tingling and fatigue to loss of vision, tremors, numbness or weakness.Most people will develop recurring episodes, during which new symptoms can develop. These may last a period of days or weeks, and for between 60 and 70 percent of people with the disease, it will eventually progress to the point that the symptoms become permanent.Because MS is marked by the body's attacks on its own tissues, it is classified as an autoimmune disease, but its cause is thought to involve both genetic and environmental factors – as best scientists can guess.But most of its risk factors are so broad – things like age, sex, race, family history and smoking – that its onset is difficult to predict, much less prevent.In light of recent research into the wide-ranging health benefits of Omega-3 fatty acids from fish, decided to test the relationship between the nutritious oil and MS.'We wanted to see if this simple lifestyle modification, regularly eating fish and taking fish oil supplements, could reduce the risk of MS,' said study author Dr Annette Langer-Gould of Kaiser Permanente Southern California and a member of the American Academy of Neurology.She and her team asked 1,153 people about what kinds of fish they ate and how often, and if they took fish oil supplements. Roughly half of the group had been diagnosed with a form of MS – either a first, isolated incident of symptoms, or a recurring form.Those that consumed more fish or fish oil had a 45 percent lower risk of MS than the rest of the group.The bar for 'high fish intake' was eating the seafood – especially salmon, sardines, albacore tuna and late trout - once a week or between once and three times a month while also taking daily fish oil supplements.Of the MS group, 180 people had 'high fish intakes,' compared to 250 people in the group without MS.The researchers also looked at 13 genetic factors that determine, in part, how the body processes and regulates levels of fatty acids.They linked two of these genetic variations to lower risks of MS as well, regardless of their fish-intake, suggesting that some people's bodies may naturally be better equipped to regulate fatty acid levels.Other studies have also suggested that fatty acids from fish or fish oil may help to keep MS symptoms at bay and minimize relapses.It is not entirely clear what gives the oils their protective powers, but some scientists hypothesize that their general anti-inflammatory effects are particularly good for MS sufferers, and that this good fat may help to shield and protect neurons.The research suggests that a diet high in fish or fish oil might play a role in preventing and assuaging symptoms of MS, the study draws a connection, not a conclusion about the effects. 
969324165152104455	2018-03-01 21:31:04	https://t.co/T1s8bYCMyj	All the health facts you need to know about quinoa https://t.co/T1s8bYCMyj	Crazy about quinoa? Join the club. Quinoa has been around for ages, it hit the health-food world hard in 2012. Before long, it was practically everywhere. Most people turned to quinoa for its health benefits. People on strict diets used it as a substitute for rice and pasta. Others loved it because it's naturally gluten free, filling and contains a ton of nutrients.The quinoa boom has died out slightly, but it remains a staple in the kitchens of health nuts everywhere.So what do you need to know about quinoa?Quinoa is a flowering plant first discovered 3,000-4,000 years ago in the Andean region of South America. The seeds of the plant are the small, round, tan-brown grains you may be familiar with by this point. When the plant is harvested, the seeds are processed to remove a bitter-tasting outer covering. Whether quinoa is better for you than rice depends on the kind of rice you're comparing it to. Quinoa and brown rice have similar nutritional values, according to the SF Gate. They are almost equally low in calories and offer a similar number of grams of carbohydrates. Where they differ is in the amount of dietary fiber and protein they contain. Quinoa has slightly more dietary fiber and protein than brown rice. Quinoa is also considered a better source of iron and magnesium, among other vitamins. Most people turned to quinoa for the health benefits. It's been hailed as the 'supergrain of the future', by the Quinoa Corporation because of the many vitamins, minerals and other things packed into each serving. The fiber in quinoa, for example, can assist with bowel movements, reducing high blood pressure and symptoms of diabetes. It may also help to keep you fuller longer and give you energy throughout the day. Iron, which is found in quinoa, helps to keep red blood cells functioning as they should be. It's also essential for the creation of hemoglobin. Iron carries oxygen to the cells and muscles in the body. It's known to be useful in the regulation of body temperature and help with enzyme activity and energy levels. Quinoa contains lysine, which is necessary for the repair and growth of body tissue; magnesium, which helps relax blood cells, may help alleviate some Type Two Diabetes symptoms and is necessary for keeping bones and teeth healthy; riboflavin, or B2, which helps keep energy up within the brain and muscles; and manganese, which is an antioxidant that helps prevent damage to the mitochondria during energy production.A single cup of cooked quinoa contains 222 calories, according to Time. One cup of cooked quinoa contains 8.14 grams of protein, 3.4 grams of fat, 222 calories, 15 per cent of the recommended daily intake of iron, five grams of fiber and 118 mg or magnesium, 39.41 grams of carbohydrates, 31 mg of calcium, 2.76 mg of iron, 318 mg of potassium, 13 mg of sodium and 2.02 mg of zinc.Before cooking quinoa, the grain should be measured, rinsed and strained. Keep in mind, one cup of dried quinoa will yield about three cups when cooked. Heat a drizzle of olive oil in a saucepan, then add your strained quinoa to the pan to toast for about one minute.Add water or broth to the saucepan. If you're cooking one cup of quinoa, you'll need between one and a half and two cups of liquid. At this point, you can add salt and any other spices you'd like to the quinoa. Bring the liquid to a boil before lowering the heat and covering your quinoa. Leave it be for 15 minutes, at which time you should remove the quinoa from the heat and let it stand for five minutes. Remove the lid, fluff your quinoa with a fork and serve. Your quinoa should now have small spiral-like tails curling around the seeds. If there's still a significant amount of liquid in the pan or your quinoa feels crunchy, return to the burner and cook covered for a few more minutes. 
969319129688788992	2018-03-01 21:11:04	https://t.co/H5CmD3tdF6	The reason why China banned the letter N https://t.co/H5CmD3tdF6	It’s not often that governments ban letters, but the Chinese government did exactly that recently when it blocked the letter ‘n’ from appearing on social media.The temporary ban of the letter was intended to quell criticism of the country’s leader Xi Jinping and the ruling Communist Party, which generated international controversy by proposing to abolish his term limits, effectively making him the lifelong leader of the world’s most populous country.But just why exactly did China ban the letter? Who is Xi Jinping? Here’s everything you need to know about who China's leader is and what else the country’s government has banned.On February 5, the ruling Chinese Communist Party made the surprise announcement of an amendment to the country’s constitution abolishing term limits for the presidency. Previously, the country’s leaders had been restricted to two terms.The move immediately sparked a backlash both in China and abroad, compelling the government to take action quickly to stifle any dissenters.The Chinese government swiftly took action to crack down on any criticism by censoring the country’s social media platforms like Weibo. In Chinese slang, Chinese characters can be used along with the English letter ‘n’ to indicate when someone did something ‘many’ times. Thus, China’s censors were able to thwart any criticism of Xi by banning any disagreement with his ‘n’ terms as president and the like.The ban was temporary, as the China Digital Times reported that the letter could be in use again the following day.Xi Jinping is the current President of the People’s Republic of China and General Secretary of the nation’s ruling Communist Party.Xi was born on June 15, 1953 in Beijing.His father, Xi Zhongxun, was one of the early leaders in Communist China. Xi joined the Communist Party of China in 1974 and steadily rose through the party ranks. He served as governor of Fujian province from 1999 to 2002 and as governor and party secretary of Zhejiang province from 2002 to 2007. He ascended to the party’s senior leadership in 2007 and served as the vice president of the country from 2008 to 2013. Xi ultimately succeeded Hu Jintao as president on March 14, 2013.Xi has made a number of sweeping reforms since taking power, fighting corruption and strengthening the country’s economy and legal system but also cracking down on digital dissent. Like Mao Zedong, Xi has built a strong cult of personality around him and has strived to present himself as an ordinary ‘man of the people.’Weibo, officially Sina Weibo, is a popular social media site used by 392 million monthly users in China.The platform was launched on August 14, 2009 by Sina Corp.Although Weibo provides a public platform for discussion in China, it’s also censored heavily by the Chinese government, which bans using it as a platform for political dissent.In addition to the letter ‘n,’ the Chinese government has censored a number of other words and phrases in its recent crackdown.Banned search and post terms also include Animal Farm and 1984, two of novelist George Orwell’s most prominent works. The word emigrate was also banned, as the China Daily Times reported that searches for it on the Chinese search engine Baidu surged following the controversial announcement.The government has also blocked Winnie the Pooh images, as critics of Xi have used it to mock him since his ascendance to power in 2013.
969315240159653888	2018-03-01 20:55:36	https://t.co/nNFuIqhsT5	Exiled former president of Catalonia renounces bid to lead the region again https://t.co/nNFuIqhsT5	Catalonia's deposed leader Carles Puigdemont said today he has abandoned his bid to return as regional president.He made the statement in an attempt to unblock a political impasse as the region remains without a fully functioning government.'I will not put myself forward as candidate to be appointed regional president,' Puigdemont, who is in self-exile in Belgium and wanted in Spain for his role in the failed secession bid, said in a video posted on social media.In his filmed speech, Puigdemont said he was renouncing his bid to lead Catalonia again so that the region currently under direct Madrid rule could get a new government.'We won't surrender, we won't give up,' he said, adding he would work to bring international attention on the independence cause.'I know that the path we have ahead is long and fraught with difficulties.' The 55-year-old former journalist called for a new round of talks to take place 'as soon as possible' to choose a new candidate, and put forward Jordi Sanchez, the head of the ANC, a hugely influential pro-independence citizens' group.Sanchez, however, has been in prison for more than four months, charged with sedition over his role in the secession attempt which culminated on October 27 when separatist lawmakers declared independence.The Spanish government moved in immediately, stripping Catalonia of its prized autonomy, sacking its regional government, dissolving its parliament and calling snap elections on December 21.Puigdemont left for Belgium shortly after but still ran in the polls from abroad, leading the separatist bloc to victory as they retained their absolute majority in parliament.As such, he was the separatists' favoured candidate to lead Catalonia again, arguing he could govern the region remotely.But Spain's Constitutional Court made his appointment conditional on his physical presence in the regional capital Barcelona, with permission from a judge.At the end of January, the Catalan parliament's speaker - also a separatist - postponed a key vote to reappoint him as president.Since then, separatist parties had been locked in talks as to how to go forward.Suggestions had started to emerge that Puigdemont could be given a 'symbolic' role in Belgium while another candidate would be picked to lead Catalonia from Barcelona.Today, Catalonia's majority separatist parliament approved a motion defending him as the 'legitimate' candidate for the regional presidency - a move widely seen as a way to encourage him to step aside without losing face.The motion also stated that the separatists were 'favourable to the constitution of Catalonia as an independent state', but stopped short of validating the failed declaration of independence. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy said today that a Catalan leader 'must be chosen now who is in Spain, who is not in jail and who has no problems with the law'.
969311360726249477	2018-03-01 20:40:11	https://t.co/xkZ3NrlB0b	Vapers are more likely to get pneumonia, study finds - as evidence mounts that e-cigarettes are not 'risk free' https://t.co/xkZ3NrlB0b	People who smoke e-cigarettes have an increased risk of developing pneumonia, a new study warns. After collecting data from 17 vapers, researchers found that bacteria that cause the lung infection stick to cells lining their airways more easily than they do in non-e-cigarette users.Traditional cigarettes have long been linked to an increased risk of pneumonia, but it has been less clear whether e-cigarettes might have the same effect. The study, conducted by researchers from the Queen Mary University of London, provides more insight to the harmful effects vaping can have on lungs.Pneumonia, an infection of the lungs that can cause mild to severe illness in people of all ages, kills about 50,000 people each year in the US. For the study, researchers led by Dr Jonathan Grigg, a professor of pediatric respiratory and environmental medicine, asked 17 people who vaped regularly to smoke an e-cigarette in the lab.They found that vaping increased levels of a molecule produced by airway-lining cells, called platelet-activating factor receptor (PAFR) - a substance that makes pneumonia-causing bacteria stick to airways.When researchers compared participant's PAFR levels before and after the vaping session, they found a three-fold increase in these molecules an hour after they vaped.Then, the researchers exposed mice to e-cigarette vapor and found higher PAFR production in the rodents that inhaled the fumes.PAFR levels surged in human nose lining cells in culture dishes exposed to e-liquids with nicotine and in cells exposed to nicotine-free vapor. This lead to an increase in pneumonia-causing bacteria adhering to the those cells. 'The take-home message is that it is over-optimistic to assume that all of the adverse effects of cigarette smoking are reduced by switching to vaping,' said Dr Grigg.'It also raises the question that, even if we have not proved that vaping increases the risk of pneumonia, for young people taking up vaping for the first time, a precautionary approach would suggest that the risk should be assumed to exist until proved otherwise,' he added. This isn't the first study to reveal vaping can negatively impact the lungs.A 2017 study published in the American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine found e-cigarettes can trigger immune responses in the lung that can contribute to inflammatory lung diseases.Previous studies have also linked e-cigarettes to adverse health effects.Research published earlier this year by scientists at the University of Rochester found that vaping flavors are toxic to white blood cells and can increase the risk of developing life-threatening diseases.A 2018 study conducted by researchers at New York University revealed e-cigarettes can cause DNA mutations that can lead to cancer. Researchers of the current study said that even though their results must be verified in larger human trials, the findings still suggest that e-cigarettes aren't risk-free and shouldn't necessarily be considered a safe way for people to try to curb use of traditional cigarettes, the researchers conclude in the European Respiratory Journal.When it comes to pneumonia, researchers said nicotine patches or gum may be a safer option for smoking cessation. 
969301324708839424	2018-03-01 20:00:19	https://t.co/UCx56axnRL	That's bananas! Heartwarming moment a baby chimpanzee co-pilots his flight home after being rescued from poachers https://t.co/UCx56axnRL	This is the heartwarming moment a baby chimpanzee co-piloted his own rescue mission.Mussa bonded with his rescuer during their flight home together after he saved him from poachers in the Congo.The little ape reaches down to touch the controls during the adorable clip which was taken during their flight.Virunga National park pilot Anthony Caere sat Mussa on his knee in a touching video which has been viewed more than 23,000 times.Mussa looks completely relaxed as he nods off during their journey.The pilot even plays father to the chimp and picks at the baby's fur in a parental fashion. The chimp is being treated for intestinal parasites, but conservationists say he is now 'playing and laughing' since his rescue.Caere wrote on Instagram: 'Great teamwork of @lwirocrpl (Lwiro Primates) and Virunga National Park to save this baby out of the hands of poachers. 'We flew baby Mussa to his new home at Lwiro Primates. This looks cute but is actually a sad story. He should be with his mum... But happy we could give him a new good home! 'Thanks to the whole team! This is conservation!'He will be rehomed at the Lwiro Primates rescue and rehabilitation center. Alongside the photos and video on Facebook, Lwiro Primates wrote: 'Every rescue is an effort from a lot of people from different organisations who work together to save lives.'It is a beautiful moment to see the result of everybody's implication, in this case we save the life of Mussa...'Rescues are always a mix of feelings... happy because we are saving them but sad at the same time for what it means for wild populations.'
969295707877371905	2018-03-01 19:38:00	https://t.co/v6xZezkxMt	Social media giants are told they must remove terror content within an hour or be punished under new EU laws https://t.co/v6xZezkxMt	The EU has told Google, YouTube, Facebook, Twitter and other internet companies they must take down 'terrorist content' within an hour of it being reported or else laws will be created to force them to do so. Several governments have increased pressure on social media companies to do more to remove illegal content, including material related to ISIS and the incitement to commit atrocities.The sector has increased efforts to demonstrate its progress.But in its strongest call yet to the technology sector, the European Commission today recommended measures that internet platforms should take to stop the proliferation of extremist content.The recommendations include the removal of such material within an hour of being notified of its existence.European governments have said that extremist content on the web has influenced lone-wolf attackers who have killed people in several European cities after being radicalised.'While several platforms have been removing more illegal content than ever before... we still need to react faster against terrorist propaganda and other illegal content,' Digital Commissioner Andrus Ansip said.This content remains 'a serious threat to our citizens' security, safety and fundamental rights,' added Ansip, a former Estonian prime minister. European online trade association EDiMA, whose members include Google, Facebook and Twitter, said it was dismayed the Commission had not first chosen to engage in dialogue. A one-hour turn-around time might also not be workable, it said.The recommendation, which is non-binding but could be taken into account by European courts, sets guidelines on how companies should remove illegal content generally - from copyright infringements to hate speech - and advises a quicker reaction to extremist material.The Commission said it would assess the need for legislation within three months for what it described as 'terrorist content', given the urgency of the issue. For all other types of illegal content it will assess progress made within six months.It also called on the technology sector, which is dominated by American companies, to adopt proactive measures such as automated detection to rid their platforms of illegal content.Campaign group the Counter Extremism Project said the Commission's proposal was welcome but did not tackle two issues - how to make automated technology widely available and how to stop extremists uploading again content that had been removed.European Digital Rights, a civil rights group, described the Commission's approach as putting internet giants in charge of censoring Europe. Only legislation would ensure democratic scrutiny and judicial review.Luxury groups, meanwhile, welcomed the Commission's move saying action by online platforms is also necessary to fight the sale of counterfeit goods online.'Proactive measures coupled with good consumer information is the only way to effectively deal with illegal content online,' said Toni Belloni, group managing director of LVMH. Last month the Commission said IT firms removed 70 per cent of illegal content notified to them in the preceding few months.This was compared to 59 per cent before May 2017, and 28 per cent in the months after the code of conduct was launched in 2016. 
969290844430848004	2018-03-01 19:18:40	https://t.co/jtOHTsQ4r3	Ghana school master uses a blackboard to demonstrate IT skills and now Microsoft have promised him free equipment https://t.co/jtOHTsQ4r3	A teacher from Ghana has received worldwide praise after a photo of him teaching students how to use Microsoft Word on a blackboard went viral. Because there are no computers at the middle school where he works he uses coloured chalk painstakingly to draw a version of the computer screen onto the blackboard.In mid-February, he shared a Facebook post showing photos of his 'needs must' method of teaching. 'Teaching of ICT in Ghana's school is very funny,' Owura Kwadwo - better known as Richard Appiah Akoto - said in a Facebook post alongside the photos.'I love my students so have to do what will make them understand what [I] am teaching.' The information and computer technology (ICT) teacher has subsequently been contacted by Microsoft after the images were shared thousands of times online. The company has promised to send him new computer equipment and give him access to its 'professional development resources'. Akto for the past six years has taught at Betenase M/A Junior High School, about three hours north of the second largest Ghanaian city of Kumasi.The school does not have any computers even though in recent years 14 and 15-year-olds are expected to write and pass a national exam, with ICT being one of the subjects.'This is not my first time [of drawing] it. I have been doing it anytime I am in the classroom,' Akoto told Quartz Africa.'I like posting pictures on Facebook so I just felt like [sharing it]. I didn't know it would get the attention of people like that,' he said. His story was brought to the attention of Microsoft by entrepreneur Rebecca Enonchong who tweeted the company to point that he was teaching the use of their product without having physical access to it.'Surely you can get him some proper resources,' she suggested.On Tuesday, the software giant acted on her request. Quartz subsequently pointed out that Akoto's situation typifies an 'under-resourced dysfunctional public school system'.It said that many economically disadvantaged families throughout Africa 'are forced to choose private schools over free public primary schools' due to a lack of resources. In Ghana, there have been calls for more resources to help rural schools like Betenase which 'struggles with teaching logistics challenges'.
969286163507957760	2018-03-01 19:00:04	https://t.co/QjfNnrdEHu	Scientists 'map' depression in the brain - offering hope for better ways to diagnose and treat the disorder https://t.co/QjfNnrdEHu	Scientists may soon be able to predict depression by examining the way that different parts of the brain talk to each other, new research suggests.Researchers at Duke University made a map of activity in the brains of mice, and found that some patterns were associated with depression.Currently, depression is mostly diagnosed based on subjective questions and, in some cases, blood tests for thyroid conditions that may cause some cases of the mood disorder.If their 'map' of brain activity translates to humans, the researchers believe their findings could one day be used to diagnose and even prevent depression.For more than 30 years, scientists and doctors have watched and compared activities in various regions of the brains of both people who seem to be more susceptible to depressive symptoms and those who appear more resilient in the face of stressors.But by using methods of monitoring how different parts of the brain are working in sync developed in the last decade, researchers like Duke's Dr Kafui Dziarasa and Dr Miguel Nicolelis have come a step closer to a full picture of how the brains of people struggling with different mental illnesses behave.'You can think of different brain regions as individual instruments in an orchestra,' Dzirasa said. 'We are interested in not just what each instrument is doing, but how the instruments coordinate themselves to generate music.To simulate depression in the mice they studied, they had each animal in there study spend 10 days living with a bigger, more aggressive mouse.The stress resulted in symptoms not unlike the behaviors of depressed humans in some – but not all – of the mice.This was key to the experiment, as the researchers wanted to see what distinguished the brains of mice (and eventually people) that could handle the stress and those that could not.In order to understand this, they monitored the electrical activity – the language different parts of the brain speak to one another – of seven different regions.This allowed the team of scientists to map the 'music' each brain was playing, and how what distinguished a depressed tune from a more resilient one.They found clear differences between the activity patterns in the mice that handled the stress well and those that suffered the way someone prone to depression might.Depression is difficult to treat, and many people may struggle against the mood disorder for decades.One of the most effective – but dangerous – treatments for it has been electroconvulsive, or 'shock,' therapy, which works because the sort of seizure it causes seems to quickly rewire the brain, resetting the chemical imbalance seen in those with depression.Despite measures to make it safer, the procedure is still stigmatized and carries risks that it could damage the brain and cause serious heart problems.But, with a more complete understanding of the electoral activity in the brains of depressed people, 'it might be possible to target electricity to the right place in the right way to create a treatment that doesn't have the same side-effects as putting electricity everywhere,' said Dr Dzirasa.A mental map of a depressed brain could also help reconcile psychological and physical components of depression and lead to more comprehensive and effective preventative measures and treatments.
969278115611594752	2018-03-01 18:28:05	https://t.co/BAo0025xxm	North Atlantic right whales are on the brink of extinction as scientists fear no calves were born this year https://t.co/BAo0025xxm	 North Atlantic right whales may be on the brink of extinction. Today, there are only 450 of these majestic creatures left in the world, and this year, no new calves were born. At least 17 of the creatures died last year - a record death toll - with most of them dying after becoming tangled in fishing equipment. Now scientists say the creatures are facing an 'unprecedented calamity' as their numbers continue to fall. The whales reproduce between November and February every year and, on average, 17 calves are born. But last year, this number dropped to 5, and this year there were none. Of the animals that are currently alive, only 100 are females of reproductive age. 'At the rate we are killing them off, this 100 females will be gone in 20 years,' said Mark Baumgartner, a marine ecologist at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Massachusetts. Charles Mayo, director of the Right Whale Ecology Program at the Center for Coastal Studies in Provincetown, Massachusetts said that if there really are no babies found, it would be 'unprecedented'. 'I think we're in a helluva pickle,' he told the New York Times. North Atlantic right whales can live up to 70 years old in captivity, but many are perishing long before they reach that age. The main culprit for the vast amount of deaths is the commercial fishing industry. Crab and lobster trapping is coomonplace throughout the oceans of Canada and New England. At 60 feet long, these behemoths can easily become entangled in the ropes and many never succeed in freeing themselves. Another major problem for the species is that every year, several are killed by ships. Shipping lanes mean that not only are whales at risk of collision, but calves can become separated from their mothers. A ten-year old female was killed in January by fishing gear. Although the first death of 2018, this tragedy follows a year when 18 of the animals were found dead. Federal research suggests 82 per cent of premature deaths are from animals getting trapped in fishing line. 'Lobster and crab fishing and whales are able to comfortably co-exist,' Dr Baumgartner said. 'We are trying to propose solutions, it's urgent.' North Atlantic right whales are a species of marine mammal which can measure up to 60 feet long (20 metres). They can weigh up to 70 tons (64 tonnes) and eat around 5,500 pounds (2,500 kg) every single day. They tend to calve off the shores of Georgia and Florida in the Atlantic Ocean before migrating further north. Numbers have plummeted in recent years due to premature deaths as a result of getting trapped in fishing lines and unfortunate encounters with ships. A primnciple food source for the whales is phytoplankton. This phytoplankton has been damaged in recent times as global warming has increased the water temperature of the Gulf of Maine. It is currently critically endangered and there are believed to be only 450 animals i nthe world., Of these, only 100 are reproductive age females, and at the current rate they are being killed (18 last year) the species could be functionally extinct in 20 years. The animals has a gestation period of over a year and the calves rely on their mother for food for a further 9-12 months. 
969277579902537729	2018-03-01 18:25:58	https://t.co/CaTd7PyJ4k	Supermassive black holes could turn 'mini-Neptunes' into life-supporting rocky Super Earths https://t.co/CaTd7PyJ4k	 Explosions of high-energy particles may shape the way planets throughout the universe form, according to a new study. Outbursts from supermassive black holes strip away layers of thick atmosphere from 'mini-Neptune' gas giants toreveal their rocky centre, dubbed super-Earths. Experts have previously suggested that these celestial bodies, around ten times larger than our own planet, could support the building blocks of life. Scroll down for video Planetary scientists from the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics examined the environment around the closest supermassive black hole to Earth. Supermassive black holes are found at the centre of every known massive galaxy, shaping the matter that surrounds them. Sagittarius A*, which lies at the heart of our own galaxy, the Milky Way, is four million times larger than the sun. Researchers think that the impact of this black hole may be one of the most common ways for rocky super-Earths to form close to the centre of our galaxy. Some of these planets will be located in the habitable, or 'Goldilocks', zone of stars like the sun. In a written statement Howard Chen, of Northwestern University in Illinois, who led the study, said: 'It’s pretty wild to think of black holes shaping the evolutionary destiny of a planet, but that very well may be the case in the center of our galaxy. It is well known that material falling into the black hole in occasional feeding frenzies will generate bright flares of X-ray and ultraviolet radiation. X-ray telescopes such as Nasa’s Chandra X-ray Observatory and ESA’s XMM-Newton have seen evidence for bright outbursts generated in the past, ranging from about six million years to just over a century ago. The authors considered the effects of this high-energy radiation on planets within 70 light-years of the black hole that have masses in between Earth and Neptune’s. They found that X-ray and ultraviolet radiation would blast away a large amount of the thick gas of such planets near the black hole. In some cases this would leave behind a bare, rocky core. Whether or not life is likely to arise on such planets is a matter of some debate. The super-Earths in this particular study would be buffeted by supernova explosions and gamma ray bursts, which might damage the chemistry of any atmosphere remaining on the planets. In astronomy and astrobiology, the habitable zone is the range of orbits around a star in which a planet can support liquid water. This habitable zone is also known as the ‘Goldilocks’ zone, taken from the children’s fairy tale. The temperature from the star needs to be 'just right' so that liquid water can exist on the surface. The boundaries of the habitable zone are critical. If a planet is too close to its star, it will experience a runaway greenhouse gas effect, like Venus. But if it's too far, any water will freeze, as is seen on Mars. Since the concept was first presented in 1953, many stars have been shown to have a Goldilocks area, and some of them have one or several planets in this zone, like 'Kepler-186f', discovered in 2014. Additional outbursts from the supermassive black hole could provide a knockout punch and completely erode a planet’s atmosphere. These planets would also be subjected to the gravitational disruptions of a passing star that could fling the planet away from its life-sustaining host. Such encounters might occur frequently near the Milky Way’s supermassive black hole since the region is so packed with stars. Within about 70 light-years of the centre of the galaxy, astronomers think the average separation between rocky worlds is between about 46 and 470 billion miles (75 and 750 bn km). By comparison, the nearest star to the solar system is 25 billion miles (40,000 bn km) away. Away from the influence of these massive black holes, however, life could find a way to flourish on such planets. In December 2017, scientists detected a new ‘super-Earth’ planet just 21 light-years away, which they said could be habitable. The planet is roughly three times more massive than Earth, and is thought to be a rocky world that may be cool enough to sustain liquid water. It orbits along the inner edge of an M-dwarf star’s habitable zone. There are formidable challenges required to directly detect such planets. The distance to the Galactic Center (26,000 light years from Earth), the crowded region, and the blocking of light by intervening dust and gas all make it hard to observe such planets. These challenges may be met by the next generation of extraordinarily large ground-based telescopes. For example, searches for transits with future observatories like the European Extremely Large Telescope might detect evidence for these planets. Another possibility is searching for stars with unusual patterns of elements in their atmosphere that have migrated away from the centre of the galaxy. The full findings of the study were published on the academic pre-print archive Arxiv. Black holes are so dense and their gravitational pull is so strong that no form of radiation can escape them - not even light. They act as intense sources of gravity which hoover up dust and gas around them. Their intense gravitational pull is thought to be what stars in galaxies orbit around. How they are formed is still poorly understood. Astronomers believe they may form when a large cloud of gas up to 100,000 times bigger than the sun, collapses into a black hole. Many of these black hole seeds then merge to form much larger supermassive black holes, which are found at the centre of every known massive galaxy. Alternatively, a supermassive black hole seed could come from a giant star, about 100 times the sun's mass, that ultimately forms into a black hole after it runs out of fuel and collapses. When these giant stars die, they also go 'supernova', a huge explosion that expels the matter from the outer layers of the star into deep space. 
969275969465978880	2018-03-01 18:19:34	https://t.co/WHOBCE9Q6D	North Atlantic right whales are on the brink of extinction as scientists fear no calves were born this year https://t.co/WHOBCE9Q6D	 North Atlantic right whales may be on the brink of extinction. Today, there are only 450 of these majestic creatures left in the world, and this year, no new calves were born. At least 17 of the creatures died last year - a record death toll - with most of them dying after becoming tangled in fishing equipment. Now scientists say the creatures are facing an 'unprecedented calamity' as their numbers continue to fall. The whales reproduce between November and February every year and, on average, 17 calves are born. But last year, this number dropped to 5, and this year there were none. Of the animals that are currently alive, only 100 are females of reproductive age. 'At the rate we are killing them off, this 100 females will be gone in 20 years,' said Mark Baumgartner, a marine ecologist at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Massachusetts. Charles Mayo, director of the Right Whale Ecology Program at the Center for Coastal Studies in Provincetown, Massachusetts said that if there really are no babies found, it would be 'unprecedented'. 'I think we're in a helluva pickle,' he told the New York Times. North Atlantic right whales can live up to 70 years old in captivity, but many are perishing long before they reach that age. The main culprit for the vast amount of deaths is the commercial fishing industry. Crab and lobster trapping is coomonplace throughout the oceans of Canada and New England. At 60 feet long, these behemoths can easily become entangled in the ropes and many never succeed in freeing themselves. Another major problem for the species is that every year, several are killed by ships. Shipping lanes mean that not only are whales at risk of collision, but calves can become separated from their mothers. A ten-year old female was killed in January by fishing gear. Although the first death of 2018, this tragedy follows a year when 18 of the animals were found dead. Federal research suggests 82 per cent of premature deaths are from animals getting trapped in fishing line. 'Lobster and crab fishing and whales are able to comfortably co-exist,' Dr Baumgartner said. 'We are trying to propose solutions, it's urgent.' North Atlantic right whales are a species of marine mammal which can measure up to 60 feet long (20 metres). They can weigh up to 70 tons (64 tonnes) and eat around 5,500 pounds (2,500 kg) every single day. They tend to calve off the shores of Georgia and Florida in the Atlantic Ocean before migrating further north. Numbers have plummeted in recent years due to premature deaths as a result of getting trapped in fishing lines and unfortunate encounters with ships. A primnciple food source for the whales is phytoplankton. This phytoplankton has been damaged in recent times as global warming has increased the water temperature of the Gulf of Maine. It is currently critically endangered and there are believed to be only 450 animals i nthe world., Of these, only 100 are reproductive age females, and at the current rate they are being killed (18 last year) the species could be functionally extinct in 20 years. The animals has a gestation period of over a year and the calves rely on their mother for food for a further 9-12 months. 
969271111572652032	2018-03-01 18:00:15	https://t.co/DEef0RlKDJ	Selfies make noses look BIGGER than they are - and more people are getting surgery to change the way they look https://t.co/DEef0RlKDJ	 Selfies may motivate people to get nose jobs, new research claims. Researchers said this is because the short distance between the face and the camera makes nose look 30 percent larger than normal. Furthermore, 42 percent of plastic surgeons say people opt for nose jobs to improve how they look on Facebook and Twitter. The study, led by researchers at Rutgers University, shows for the first time the extraordinary extent to which close up images alters a person's central facial feature. Researcher Dr Boris Paskhover, facial plastics & reconstructive surgeon, told Daily Mail Online these findings aren't surprising. 'People have to be aware that selfies change how your face looks,' Dr Paskhover said. 'I notice a lot of my patients come in and show me selfies of what they looks like,' he said. 'And I have to tell them that those selfies aren't accurate.' For the study, Dr Paskhover and his colleagues developed a mathematical model to help describe how much selfie cameras distort the face. His team's facial model was based on data collected from a random sample of racially and ethnically diverse participants across the US. They then used the average length and width of noses and heads to determine the perceived change in nose breadth in both males and females at a selfie distance of 12 inches, five feet and infinity. They found that when taken 12 inches away, selfies increase nose sizes by 30 percent in men and 29 percent in women compared to photos taken five feet away, a standard portrait distance. 'When the camera's close to the face it makes the nose look larger in proportion,' Dr Paskhover said. 'This may motivate people to seek cosmetic surgery,' he added. Researchers said selfies have rapidly become one of the major photographic modalities of in recent years. In 2014 alone there were over 93 billion selfies taken on Android phones per day. Research published in 2014 by the American Academy of Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery revealed that one in three facial plastic surgeons saw an increase in requests for procedures due to patients being more self aware of looks in social media. There's recently been an uptick in cosmetic surgery in recent years, with men and women spending $16 billion to adjust their appearance in 2016 alone. Dr Thomas Sterry, a board-certified plastic surgeon, told Daily Mail Online that increase can be attributed to camera phones and social media 'I do a lot of cases now that I wouldn’t have a few years ago, only because patients are more aware of what they look like to the public,' said Dr Sterry, who was not involved with the study. 'Selfies are abundant and everyone seems to be taking them,' he added. Dr Paskhover said more research is needed on this topic. 'Further studies are necessary to determine whether patients who take frequent selfies are less satisfied with their clinical outcomes and if this distortion informs future medical decisions,' he said. The current study published in JAMA Facial Plastic Surgery followed the AAFPRS survey last year that found 99 percent of US surgeons believe celebrity and social media is driving a desire for the perfect selfie. 
969268804764274688	2018-03-01 17:51:05	https://t.co/3gizfWiJSM	French lawmakers submit proposals to fine men £80 for commenting on a woman's looks in public https://t.co/3gizfWiJSM	 French MPs are calling for a fine of at least €90 (£80) for people caught making sexist catcalls as President Emmanuel Macron's government targets sexual violence and harassment. The group of five MPs submitted proposals to the government including a fine for 'comments, behaviour or pressure of a sexist or sexual character' that is degrading, humiliating, intimidating, hostile or offensive. The new proposals put forward to the government are aimed at combatting the levels of harassment rife on the streets of the country's cities. Politicians have been putting their heads together for a report on how to tackle the issue and define what constitutes 'sexual outrage', according to The Local. This has been the foundation of the plans drawn up to eradicate what is described as everyday sexism in France. It had been suggested wolf-whistling would be punishable with on-the-spot fines, but the new report makes no reference to it. However the planned measures want to give authorities the power to dish out penalties to those who follow women down the street, block their paths or make lout and lewd comments regarding their physique or the way they look. The issue is heightened on public transport in major cities, with women opting to wear trousers instead of skirts for fear of being groped. Since the new law has been discussed, a stream of women have come forward to say how they have been sexually assaulted in shops, on the metro and on the streets of Paris. The £80 (€90) fine is said to increase to £120 if it is not paid within two weeks and could increase further to £325 if payment is late. It is the brainchild of France's Secretary of State for Equality Marlene Schiappa, who lobbied for what she described as the everyday sexism in France to be addressed. The bill is expected to be presented to parliament next week after she and two other ministers - Minister of Justice, Nicole Belloubet, and Minister of the Interior, Gerard Collomb - cast their eyes over the final draft. 
969266279864561665	2018-03-01 17:41:03	https://t.co/YXA5Rb7DCa	South African president vows to settle the transfer of land from white to black owners https://t.co/YXA5Rb7DCa	 South African President Cyril Ramaphosa has said he wants the issue of the transfer of land from white to black owners to be resolved 'once and for all'. The nation moved to hasten the transfer on Tuesday when parliament backed a motion seeking to change the constitution to allow land expropriation without compensation. The ruling African National Congress (ANC) has long promised reforms to redress racial disparities in land ownership and the subject remains highly emotive more than two decades after the end of apartheid. Ramaphosa said after his inauguration two weeks ago that he would speed up the transfer of land to black people, although he stressed that food production and security must be preserved. 'I will shortly initiate a dialogue with key stakeholders. There is no need for any one of us to panic and start beating war drums,' Ramaphosa said in parliament. 'We are going to address this and make sure that we come up with resolutions that resolve this once and for all. 'This original sin that was committed when our country was colonised must be resolved in a way that will take South Africa forward.' Whites still own most of South Africa's land following centuries of brutal colonial dispossession. White farmers control 73 percent of arable land compared with 85 percent, when the apartheid system ended in 1994. Civil rights group AfriForum has said it will launch an international campaign to inform governments and foreign investors 'that property rights in South Africa are being threatened'. AfriForum, an organisation that mostly represents white South Africans on issues like affirmative action, said foreign investments in South Africa will also not be safe should plans for land expropriation without compensation go ahead. Kallie Kriel, CEO of AfriForum, said land expropriation 'could unleash conflict in the country'. He said AfriForum will lobby South African trade partners and ask countries whose citizens own land in the country to put pressure on Pretoria to stop the process of land expropriation. The ruling ANC adopted a policy at its conference in December to redress racial ownership disparities by expropriating land without compensation, pledging to do so in way that does not undermine food security in the country, Africa's top maize producer. Neighbouring Zimbabwe's often-violent land reform programme started in 2000, with thousands of farmers forced off their land by mobs or evicted. President Robert Mugabe said the reforms would help black people impoverished by British colonial rule. But critics blame the land redistribution for the collapse in agricultural production that led to Zimbabwe's economy being wrecked by hyper-inflation, mass unemployment and emigration. 
969261043074596868	2018-03-01 17:20:15	https://t.co/D8SMOU9yN9	Girl has her eyes gouged out after she was abducted and killed when she fought off man's attempts to rape her https://t.co/D8SMOU9yN9	 An 11-year-old girl has been brutally murdered after her attacker failed to rape her in central India. The extent of the horrific crime in Madhya Pradesh was only uncovered after police officers took the victim's body to be examined. A post-mortem discovered the child had been beaten up, strangled, stabbed, had her eyeballs gouged out and her throat slit. Her distraught family have claimed the murderer only killed their loved one because he failed to rape her, according to the Daily Bhaskar. It is thought the girl managed to fight off the sexual assault, but died after her killer attacked her with what is described as a 'shard weapon'. She was left to die in a field, and when police arrived at the scene of the crime a crowd had gathered. The details of the murder spread through the local community and the brutality of the crime saw people rush to the field. Police had to ask the locals to leave while they wrapped the child in blankets in order to cover the gruesome injuries. She was taken to the Panna district hospital for her post-mortem and investigators are still working on finding the killer. 
969256213107150849	2018-03-01 17:01:03	https://t.co/5lVMuktsjl	How good is YOUR grammar? Quiz challenges players to pick the correct plurals https://t.co/5lVMuktsjl	 This deceptively difficult grammar quiz is sure to challenge even the most confident linguist. The 20-question test asks players to pick the right plural from a multiple choice - but the creator claims just 4 per cent will answer them all correctly. The nouns range from easier words like 'sheep' and 'human' to ones like 'ox' and 'emphasis' that might give people pause for thought. The quiz was created by a member of the Playbuzz community and is said to be leaving players stumped. But if you fancy your chances then scroll down and take the test for yourself. The answers are at the bottom - so no cheating... 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. 11. 12. 13. 14. 15. 16. 17. 18. 19. 20. The answers 1. Crises 2. Sheep 3. Humans 4. Roofs, although rooves is an outdated spelling 5. Memos 6. Dignoses 7. Elves 8. Criteria 9. Culs-de-sac 10. Emphases 11. Cellos 12. Moose 13. Fungi 14. Oxen 15. Oases 16. Halves 17. Atlases 18. Bison 19. Species 20. Appendices 
969249459346509824	2018-03-01 16:34:13	https://t.co/bCgap95yPQ	Optimists are more likely to survive health threats, finds study https://t.co/bCgap95yPQ	 Looking on the bright side of life can help people survive health threats, research suggests. A study of people with 2,400 people with angina - a heart problem that causes severe chest pain - found those with an optimistic outlook were 30 per cent less likely to require hospital treatment over nearly two years of monitoring. Scientists are increasingly interested in the impact someone’s attitude and outlook can have on their health. For decades medical research has focused on physical symptoms and developing drugs and procedures to deal with them. But a growing body of evidence suggests that mood, which has largely been ignored by doctors, could have a major impact on a patient’s chance of recovery. The researchers, from Duke University in North Carolina and Columbia University in New York, asked the patients after one month, six months and 12 months how optimistic they were about the future. Levels of optimism stayed roughly the same at each interview - with a quarter ‘most optimistic’, about two fifths ‘optimistic’, a fifth neutral and a tenth not optimistic. The researchers found for every degree of optimism, the chances of being taken into hospital within the two-year study period dropped. Those who were the most optimistic were about 40 per cent less likely than those who were not optimistic to require hospital. The researchers said this was partly because the optimistic people had better health to start with. But even when they adjusted their results to take this into account, they found there was still a 30 per cent gap between the most optimistic and the least. Study leader Dr Alexander Fanaroff of Duke University Medical Centre said: ‘Feeling better about your disease process and ability to reengage in usual activities may actually make chronic angina easier to deal with. ‘Our findings suggest that if we can identify patients who are less optimistic for whatever reason-whether it’s because their disease has made them despair for the future, they have uncertainty about their diagnosis, or they have multiple comorbidities-and help them feel more hopeful by focusing on what they can do, we may be able to positively affect outcomes.’ Having a more positive outlook on life may help people live longer. A study in 2016 revealed that women who are optimistic are less likely to die from cancer, heart disease, stroke, infection, and several other major causes of death. The positive health effects for the women were shown to last more than eight years. The Harvard University researchers suggested that public health professionals should begin pushing positivity in patients alongside a healthy diet and exercise. The study analysed data from 2004-2012 from 70,000 women enrolled in the Nurses' Health Study. This long-running study has biannually tracked women's health via surveys for 40 years. The team looked at participants' levels of optimism alongside other factors that might play a role in mortality risk, such as race, high blood pressure, diet, and physical activity. Other studies published in the last two years have found similar results for cancer, stroke, respiratory disease and infection. Scientists suspect this may be because someone’s general mood alters the levels of harmful and beneficial hormones in their body. Being optimistic, for example, reduces stress and anxiety hormones such as adrenaline and cortisol, which can place a burden on the heart and raise blood pressure. Studies have also found people who are less stressed have lower cholesterol levels, are less prone to inflammation, have a better immune response and higher levels of antioxidants in the blood. People who are less optimistic and more stressed are also more likely to smoke and drink to unhealthy levels. But Dr Fanaroff, who will present his findings at the American College of Cardiology conference in Orlando later this month, has a more simple explanation. He believes people worried about their health do less exercise because they are overly concerned about the danger. ‘People will often cut back on or stop activities they like to do-tennis, playing with grandchildren, job-related tasks-either because of the pain itself or because they worry that the activity prompting the pain is dangerous to their heart,’ he said. Dr Fanaroff believes reassuring patients and helping them become more confident could have major benefits. ‘As a clinician, it doesn’t cost anything to help patients with chronic angina focus on what they can do, letting them know that there are medications and procedures that can help them return to a normal life and continue to do the things they like to do,’ he said. ‘Bottom line - there’s reason to be optimistic for patients with chronic angina, and it’s important that clinicians relay that to them.’ 
969245454046318592	2018-03-01 16:18:18	https://t.co/xzOtLEASYw	Made-in-China condoms are too small, says Zimbabwean Health Minister https://t.co/xzOtLEASYw	 Condoms made by Chinese companies are too small for men in Zimbabwe, according to the country's Health Minister David Parirenyatwa. Ms Parirenyatwa urged local companies to produce condoms that are suitable for their fellow countrymen in a bid to raise the public awareness of HIV, according to news site New Zimbabwe. 'We import condoms from China and some men complain that they are too small,' Ms Parirenyatwa was quoted saying during a recent event in Harare, the capital of Zimbabwe. Zimbabwe's Health Minister made the remarks at the launch of the Zimbabwe Private Sector HIV/AIDS and Wellness Coordination Board on February 20. He said: 'The youths now have a particular condom that they like but we don't manufacture them. By encouraging the localisation of condom manufacture, Ms Parirenyatwa hoped to raise the public awareness of preventing HIV among the citizens. The southern part of Africa, where Zimbabwe is situated, has the highest HIV prevalence rate in the world. More than 10 per cent of Zimbabwe's population live with HIV. As of 2016, 1.3 million of its citizens were infected with the virus. According to an interactive map produced in 2016, the average length of an erected penis measures 16.10-17.9 centimetres (6.3-7 inches) in some African countries, such as Ghana, Gabon and Nigeria. The same study found in East Asia, such as South Korea, the measurement ranged between 9.30-10.5 centimetres (3.7-4 inches). In 2013, another African country, Ghana, had to impound more than one million condoms imported from China because the contraceptives were said to be too small and not adequately lubricated.
969240039271133184	2018-03-01 15:56:47	https://t.co/GlNeeoLTkZ	Listening to music while exercising really DOES boost your endurance https://t.co/GlNeeoLTkZ	 Listening to music while exercising really does boost your endurance, researchers have shown. Doctors found people who listened to upbeat music through headphones could run for nearly a minute longer during a tough stress test on a treadmill. The researchers, from Texas Tech University, believe doctors should encourage their patients to listen to music as a way of helping them exercise. They said music acts as a powerful motivator - improving mood and triggering feel-good and energy-boosting chemicals in the brain. The scientists, who are due to present their findings at a major heart conference in Florida later this month, said music could help people stick to exercise routines. Study leader Dr Waseem Shami said: 'At least on a small scale, this study provides some evidence that music may help serve as an extra tool to help motivate someone to exercise more, which is critical to heart health. 'I think it's something we intuitively knew, but we found to be true. I suspect if it had been a larger study, we'd see a bigger difference.' Smiling while running could boost efficiency and help you save energy over long distances, according to a new study. Researchers discovered being happy helped runners consume 2.2 per cent less oxygen than those who showed no emotion. Smiling provided an even bigger boost compared to frowning, the scientists from Ulster and Swansea universities found. Oxygen is often used to measure how much energy runners use, with higher amounts signalling they have used more of their energy. Some 24 club-level runners were involved in the research, published in the journal Psychology of Sport and Exercise. They all had breathing masks attached to them to monitor how much oxygen they used during four six-minute running blocks on a treadmill. During each run, the participants either smiled, frowned, attempted to relax their hands or adopted their normal focus of attention. It is believed that smiling helps runners to relax, which in turn improves their running economy. His team carried out the experiment on 127 people who had been scheduled to carry out a routine electrocardiogram (ECG) treadmill stress test to examine the heart of their heart. During the test, patients are asked to run for as long as they can while hooked up to a heart monitor. Dr Shami's team asked half the patients to wear headphones and listen to fast Latin music, while the other half wore headphones but with no music playing. The patients, who had an average age of 53, ran for eight and a half minutes if they were listening to music - 51 seconds longer than those with no music. Dr Shami, who will present his findings at the American College of Cardiology conference in Orlando later this month, said the tests are very tough because the treadmill speed and incline is increased every three minutes. He said: 'After six minutes, you feel like you are running up a mountain, so even being able to go 50 seconds longer means a lot.' The NHS and World Health Organisation recommend each week people do at least 150 minutes of moderate exercise such as cycling, walking or gardening, or 75 minutes of vigorous exercise such as running. But very few people hit this target - with polls suggesting 44 per cent of people in Britain do no regular exercise at all. Dr Shami said music could help this. 'Our findings reinforce the idea that upbeat music has a synergistic effect in terms of making you want to exercise longer and stick with a daily exercise routine. 'When doctors are recommending exercise, they might suggest listening to music too.' 
969235057067077634	2018-03-01 15:36:59	https://t.co/fsSdo06JdL	Revealed: 8 ways to protect your skin from the cold, snow and wind, according to a dermatologist https://t.co/fsSdo06JdL	 A dermatologist has revealed eight ways to protect your skin from the cold. As the UK continues to be battered by extreme snow, people may have noticed these freezing temperatures are wreaking havoc on their complexions. Icy downpours and gale-force winds cause the blood vessels in people's skin to rapidly change size to adapt to fluctuating temperatures, which can leave it looking red, flushed and weather beaten. This can be particularly obvious in those with pre-existing skin conditions, such as eczema or psoriasis. The UK is battling extreme snow which has caused temperatures in parts of the country to plummet to as low as -5°C, making this past week the coldest since 1986. Below, consultant dermatologist and British Skin Foundation Trustee Dr Bav Shergill outlines eight ways to keep skin looking in top condition during this unseasonably cold weather. The severe conditions hitting Britain have been described by the Met Office as a 'cocktail of weather events'. The cold spell dubbed the 'the Beast from the East', has been caused by a jump in temperatures high over the Arctic, which is known by meteorologists as 'sudden stratospheric warming'. Temperatures of minus 5C (23F) hit parts of Britain over last weekend, which were the lowest recorded in the week leading up to March 1 - the first day of spring - since 1986. The wind chill, which could see parts of the UK feel as cold as minus 15C (5F), rivals the temperatures forecast for parts of northern Norway and Iceland. The cold weather has been so severe in the Brecon Beacons that an entire waterfall has frozen solid. Walkers in the Welsh national park looked on in fascination as the waterfall near Pen Y Fan mountain was turned into ice amid the cold snap. The wintry blast of freezing temperatures, which is also affecting France, Italy, Spain and Croatia, has already claimed four lives across Europe and is endangering the homeless. Eight ways to protect your skin In a piece for netdoctor, Dr Shergill recommends people: What is the Beast from the East? The severe conditions hitting Britain have been described by the Met Office as a 'cocktail of weather events'. The cold spell dubbed the 'the Beast from the East', has been caused by a jump in temperatures high over the Arctic, which is known by meteorologists as 'sudden stratospheric warming'. Temperatures of minus 5C (23F) hit parts of Britain over last weekend, which were the lowest recorded in the week leading up to March 1 - the first day of spring - since 1986. The wind chill, which could see parts of the UK feel as cold as minus 15C (5F), rivals the temperatures forecast for parts of northern Norway and Iceland. The cold weather has been so severe in the Brecon Beacons that an entire waterfall has frozen solid. Walkers in the Welsh national park looked on in fascination as the waterfall near Pen Y Fan mountain was turned into ice amid the cold snap. The wintry blast of freezing temperatures, which is also affecting France, Italy, Spain and Croatia, has already claimed four lives across Europe and is endangering the homeless. 
969231073220677634	2018-03-01 15:21:09	https://t.co/owBHWQzifi	Putin reveals new nuclear missiles that cannot be intercepted and can strike almost anywhere in the world https://t.co/owBHWQzifi	 President Vladimir Putin has announced that Russia has tested an array of new nuclear weapons 'invulnerable to enemy interception' in a speech where he praised scientists behind the arsenal as 'the heroes of our time'. In his annual state-of-the-nation speech in Moscow, Putin said the weapons include a nuclear-powered cruise missile, a nuclear-powered underwater drone and new hypersonic missile and showed video footage the launch of a new heavy intercontinental ballistic missile on big screens. The video footage also contained a computer generated sequence showing the potential power and reach of the new rocket, which included bombs raining down over the U.S. state of Florida. During his speech, Putin said the creation of the new weapons has made NATO's U.S.-led missile defense 'useless,' and means an effective end to what he described as Western efforts to stymie Russia's development. He said: 'I want to tell all those who have fueled the arms race over the last 15 years, sought to win unilateral advantages over Russia, introduced unlawful sanctions aimed to contain our country's development: all what you wanted to impede with your policies have already happened. 'You have failed to contain Russia.' Speaking of the new arsenal, Putin said that the nuclear-powered cruise missile tested last fall has an unlimited range and high speed and maneuverability allowing it to pierce any missile defense. The Russian leader said the high-speed underwater drone also has an 'intercontinental' range and is capable of carrying a nuclear warhead that could target both aircraft carriers and coastal facilities. He said its operational depth and high speed would make it immune to enemy intercept, adding: 'It's just fantastic!' Putin added to applause that names for the nuclear-powered cruise missile and the drone haven't yet been chosen, and suggested that the Defense Ministry run a nationwide contest for the best names. The President accompanied his statement to an audience of hundreds of senior officials and lawmakers with videos and computer images of new weapons, which were shown on giant screens at a conference hall near the Kremlin. 'No one in the world has anything like that,' he said. 'It may appear someday, but by that time we will develop something new.' The Russian leader said that another new weapon called Avangard is an intercontinental hypersonic missile that would fly to targets at a speed 20 times the speed of sound and strike 'like a meteorite, like a fireball.' 'This makes it absolutely invincible for any forms of air and missile defence,' he boasted, calling it an 'ideal weapon'. Putin said that Russia also tested a new heavy intercontinental ballistic missile, called Sarmat, with a range and number of warheads exceeding its Soviet-era predecessor, known in the West as Satan. He praised a new generation of young scientists working on such weaponry, calling them 'the heroes of our time'. The Russian leader emphasized that the development of new weapons that have no equivalent in the West came in response to the U.S. withdrawal from a Cold war-era treaty banning missile defenses and U.S. efforts to develop a missile defense system. He said that the U.S. has ignored Russian complaints. 'No one has listened to us,' he said. 'You listen to us now.' He said the new weapons will help ensure global stability and draw a line under attempts to weaken Russia. He said that another weapons system, called Kinzhal, or Dagger, already has been deployed in Russia's Southern Military District. He said it's a hypersonic missile carried by an aircraft that that flies at 10 times the speed of sound with an unpredictable trajectory towards its target. Today's televised speech was timed to closely precede the March 18 election, in which Putin is set to easily win a fourth term. The Russian leader's approval ratings top 80 per cent despite an economic slowdown caused by continuing tensions with the West and a drop in global oil prices. 
969227841316507649	2018-03-01 15:08:19	https://t.co/sLiqobO056	Chinese girl, 12, saved by an air cushion after plunging 15 storeys because she couldn't finish her homework on time https://t.co/sLiqobO056	 This is the heart-stopping moment a schoolgirl in southeast China jumps off a building from 138ft high before firefighters scaling down from the rooftop. The girl, studying in Year 6, was worried that she could not finish her homework before the end of Lunar New Year holiday and decided to commit suicide. She was luckily saved by a safety air cushion that positioned below her. She did not sustain any major injuries but only scratches at her right ear. Footage emerged shows the 12-year-old girl dangerously sitting on a window at a corridor in a building in Fuzhou, Jiangzi Province, on February 24. The girl can be seen plunging from the 14th floor, roughly about 42 metres high (138ft), before firefighters attempted to scale down from the rooftop. She landed on a safety air cushion and was sent to a hospital immediately. She told the firefighters that she had been under a lot of stress during the holiday and she was not able to finish the homework, according to Changsha Evening Post. 'Probably it's because she has not finished her homework yet and she got worried that she could not enroll into some of the classes,' her aunt told the reporters. The 12-year-old luckily survived and only had her right ear injured. Web users commented on Weibo, a Chinese social media platform, that students were facing too much pressure from their academic studies. 'It's supposed to be a holiday but teachers love to give students homework. Then what's the meaning of a holiday?' questioned 'fumiaoli'. 'Holiday means school at home, how sad,' said 'jiameimeier'. Another user 'paike+6' suggested the girl's parents to care for their daughter more often. Samaritans (116 123) operates a 24-hour service available every day of the year. If you prefer to write down how you're feeling, or if you're worried about being overheard on the phone, you can email Samaritans at jo@samaritans.org 
969223695192477696	2018-03-01 14:51:50	https://t.co/JLqsXzrr5B	Marine Le Pen faces three years in prison after being charged with tweeting ISIS images https://t.co/JLqsXzrr5B	 Marine Le Pen was today facing up to three years in prison after being charged with tweeting 'monstrous' Islamic State images including one of the terrorist group beheading an American journalist. The 49-year-old leader of France's far-Right National Front has denied any wrongdoing, but now faces trial in the Paris suburb of Nanterre. Beyond the three-years in prison, prosecutors can also demand a maximum fine equivalent to £67,000. Ms Le Pen has been charged along with Gilbert Collard, a 70-year-old lawyer and MP with close links to Ms Le Pen's party. A criminal investigation was first launched in December 2015 for the 'diffusion of obscene images', said a prosecuting source in Nanterre. It followed a number of complaints, including one by the parents of American James Foley, who was murdered by Islamic State, which is also known as Daesh, in 2014. John and Diane Foley accused Ms Le Pen of using the 'shamefully uncensored' photos for her own political ends. In a joint statement they said: 'We are deeply disturbed by the unsolicited use of Jim for Le Pen's political gain and hope that the picture of our son, along with the two other graphic photographs, are taken down immediately.' Ms Le Pen tweeted the decapitation photo under the caption 'This is Daesh' along with another of a man on fire in a cage, and a victim being crushed by a tank. She addressed the tweets to BFM TV journalist Jean-Jacques Bourdin, whom she accused of likening her party to the jihadist group. Manuel Valls, France's Prime Minister at the time, described the photos as 'monstrous', adding that Ms Le Pen had shown 'political and moral failing' and her 'non-respect for victims'. It was Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve who went to the police in 2015, saying the tweets should be investigated 'as they do every time these kind of photos are published'. He said the photos are 'Daesh propaganda and are a disgrace, an abomination and an absolute insult to all victims of Daesh'. Ms Le Pen was reacting to comments by Bourdin, who said there were 'links' between the National Front National and ISIS. At the time, Claude Hermant, a former National Front bodyguard, was in custody in France after being accused of supplying the guns to Amedy Coulibaly, an ISIS linked terrorist who murdered five people, including four Jews, in Paris in January 2011. Faced with outrage against France, Ms Le Pen later deleted the tweets, but the row did not stop her standing to become President of France in 2017. In elections held last Spring, she was runner up Emmanuel Macron, the current centrist head of state. Ms Le Pen's father, the FN founder Jean-Marie Le Pen, is a convicted racist, anti-Semite and Holocaust denier. 
969221236340469761	2018-03-01 14:42:04	https://t.co/sKxfXkqPiU	Lion with a VERY luscious head of hair is a huge hit at Czech Zoo https://t.co/sKxfXkqPiU	 When it comes to being the mane attraction, there is no cat in town that can match the luscious locks of Leon the lion at Labem Zoo in the Czech Republic. Leon's locks have made him 'the Samson of the Zoo' and the star tourist attraction. Male lions usually start to grow manes from around the age of two, which signals the onset of sexual maturity. It can be a mixed blessing because once they appear, it more often than not means the rest of the pride will throw out a dangerous young pretender. 
969217342071820288	2018-03-01 14:26:36	https://t.co/SxBy94OVIc	Diner at restaurant in Thai shopping centre films a RAT roaming around its kitchen https://t.co/SxBy94OVIc	 A restaurant in one of Thailand's luxury shopping centres has temporarily closed, this week - after rodents were spotted running amok in its kitchen. The popular branch of restaurant chain Sushi Den - located at Bangkok's high-end mall, Siam Paragon - suffered the embarrassing fate after an eagle-eyed customer spotted the infestation. Patron Narongkrit Suwancharus, who lives in the Thai capital, filmed the incident on his smartphone and uploaded the footage to social media, where it soon went viral - provoking disgust among fellow clientele. The 10-second video shows two rodents on the kitchen counter tops as shoppers and staff browse in the background. Inhabiting the areas where chefs prepare meals, one rat appears to feed from the contents of a miso soup bowl, while another tries to scale a microwave. Perhaps unsurprisingly, Mr Suwancharus said he swiftly cancelled his order and left the outlet. His clip quickly racked-up thousands of views and was shared across the internet. Discussing the incident, he told Morning News: 'I ordered and was waiting for my food. At some point, I looked up from my phone and saw rats! How could they get there!?' Shortly afterwards, Sushi Den apologised for the hygiene issue and announced a 24-hour closure to arrange pest control. 'We will find a solution as soon as possible,' the statement said. However, Asian news site Coconuts Bangkok reports that some think the mall's rodent problem is more widespread than first reported. 'It’s not just Sushi Den,' said one. 'The pest problem occurs all over… rats and cockroaches. I’ve seen traces of cockroaches in my cabbage at other restaurants on top floors.' Another added: 'It’s like a lottery. The rats live on the ceiling [of the mall] and they climb down. It all depends on where they go and who happens to see them. 'This restaurant just got lucky.'
969212931970920448	2018-03-01 14:09:04	https://t.co/vujwWhCNR8	Six stone anorexic who would smear food on her BODY to avoid eating it reveals how she turned her life around https://t.co/vujwWhCNR8	 A recovering anorexic told how she would avoid eating food by smearing it on her body during her battle with the debilitating illness. Annika Hof, 21, from Mainz, Germany, told how was so desperate to lose weight as a teenager that she would 'run everywhere' and would sit with her legs raised off the ground in school in a bid to 'train her abs' while sitting at her desk. At the age of 14, the 5ft 7in schoolgirl wheighed just 6st 4lbs and she was hospitalised after suffering heart and kidney failure. After failed sessions with a psychologist and at a clinic, Annika began turning her life around after realising she would never land a job if she 'looked like a sick person'. She enrolled in medical school and joined a gym, where she focused on training and toning her 'female curves'. Annika now weighs 10st 1lbs and wears a UK size 10. The medical student explained that the eating disorder spiralled after she initially cut out sweets 'to get a flatter stomach'. She said: 'First it was really hard, but then, when I saw the weight dropping, even secretly cutting out any meals under the watchful eyes of my suspicious parents became easy. 'I ran everywhere; I ran to school, always raised my legs up from the ground with a bag on them to train my abs while sitting in the car or in school for hours. 'I used to fight with my parents every day, I hid the food in my jacket or took butter from the bread and greased it on my neck.' When the schoolgirl was taken to a clinic in 2012 aged 15 to have her weight monitored, Annika did everything she could to avoid eating the food. She said: 'After the nurses in the clinic didn't give me napkins for the meals anymore, I had to be "creative" and secretly hide food on my skin under my hoodie sleeves or in my neck, to conceal it. 'I washed it off afterwards just like I threw away the food I hid in my pockets. All that led to me being strip searched for things after every meal. 'My whole life was a farce and I got so afraid to eat in public that I always tried to find an excuse to avoid eating socially. 'I then got treatment with a psychologist, where I got worse and drank four litres every day to fake my weight. 'I ended up being admitted into intensive care unit at an in-patient clinic because my heart and kidneys started failing aged 15.' It wasn't until she began applying for jobs, that she realised no employer would believe her to be a good fit if she didn't recover. 'After applying for jobs, I realised that nobody would take me seriously looking like a twelve-year-old, sick person,' she admitted. 'Another part of my recovery was starting with strength training. It helped me focus on something else, get the feeling of hunger that I lost, and regain my muscles. 'I had this moment when I stood in a lane and just felt stable and strong and it was a good feeling, not like a little wind can beat me down any second. 'I changed my goals to wanting a healthy body with trained female curves. I knew I needed to eat enough to gain muscle, so I moved out from my parents' home, started with med school, learned more about health and became more independent. 'It changed the way I perceive other people. It also increased my self-confidence. My boyfriend has a big role in that too; telling me every day that I'm beautiful. 'Overcoming anorexia has made me stronger. I have hit rock bottom, experienced a lot of pain, been admitted to hospital, all at an early age.' While she no longer counts calories, she estimates to be consuming around 3,000 a day now, making sure she eats a good amount of protein and a lot of vegetables. She incorporates strength training four times a week as part of her exercise routine. 'To accept my body's changes, not fitting into your clothes anymore, really letting go of the disease I identified myself with for a long time was the hardest part,' she said. 'It became like a safe haven, even though it is killing you and forcing you to hurt everyone that loves you... 'So, the hardest thing was to become "normal" and not sick-looking anymore, as I kept a very low weight for some years.' Annika has been helped on the journey by her family and boyfriend. She added: 'I want to convey that nobody except yourself can fight this illness. Outer motivation is a great thing, but pressure often leads to even more restriction. 'You need to take action and ask yourself if you want to sit on your porch when you are 60; weak bones, weak heart and tell people that you kept your weight really low for 40 years. 'Or if you want to tell your grandchildren about the fun you had in your life; your career and adventures you experienced with your friends and on vacation. 'Strive for being strong in a healthy way.'
969211961450926080	2018-03-01 14:05:13	https://t.co/gH0EeOzVyM	Saudi Arabia will issue tourist visas from April https://t.co/gH0EeOzVyM	 It's known for being a conservative nation with little interest in competing for foreign visitors. But that's all set to change, because ultra-conservative Saudi Arabia is finally embracing holiday-makers and will be issuing tourist visas from 1st April. The electronic passes will be given to 'all nationals whose countries allow their citizens to visit' in a bid to further modernise the desert country's global image and boost the economy. Part of wider social reform under Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Salman, it's hoped the initiative will double the number of annual visitors to 30million by 2030. In turn, this is predicted to raise an additional $54billion (£39billion) by 2020. The overhaul is an integral part of Prince Salman's Vision 2030 plan, which will ultimately make the nation less dependent on oil. 'We recognize that Allah the Almighty has bestowed on our lands a gift more precious than oil,' his ambitious mission states. 'Our Kingdom is the Land of the Two Holy Mosques, the most sacred sites on earth, and the direction of the Kaaba (Qibla) to which more than a billion Muslims turn at prayer.' Tourist highlights are likely to include the Great Mosque of Mecca, archeological site Mada'in Saleh and the Al Fanateer Beach. Saudi'a top tourist official, Prince Sultan bin Salman bin Abdulaziz, said the cost of the new tourist visa had not yet been settled, but stressed that it would be 'as low as possible, because we believe the cumulative economic impact is greater than the cash from the visa'. Currently, Saudi Arabia grants tourist visas for a limited number of countries, but even those applications involve a range of restrictions, including requirements to travel through an accredited company and stay at designated hotels. Saudi Arabia, though richly endowed with natural beauty, is notorious worldwide for its longstanding bans on the mixing of the sexes, alcohol consumption and, until recently, women driving. In recent months, the kingdom has broken with some of its most rigid rules - lifting a cinema ban, allowing genders to mix at a national celebration and announcing that women will be allowed to drive by June. Last August, Prince Mohammed also announced a massive tourism project to turn 50 islands and a string of sites on the Red Sea into luxury resorts.
969207893592625152	2018-03-01 13:49:03	https://t.co/5o7UvmULGy	China 'achieves breakthrough' in developing NUCLEAR aircraft carrier https://t.co/5o7UvmULGy	 Beijing is planning to build a nuclear-powered aircraft carrier to 'safeguard national interests', according to Chinese state media. One Chinese aircraft carrier expert was quoted saying that the country has achieved a breakthrough in nuclear-powered carriers. The same expert said the development of a nuclear-powered aircraft carrier is 'very necessary' and it could help China rival the U.S. navy in technology. The U.S. has 10 active aircraft carriers - the largest fleet in the world - while its main military rivals, Russia and China, only has one active carrier each, according to a report by Reuters last year. According to the World Nuclear Association, nuclear-powered reactors could run for up to 50 years without needing refuelling, which means nuclear-powered ships or submarines could remain at sea for long periods of time. The Chinese nuclear-powered carrier is being planned by the China Shipbuilding Industry Corp, according to China's Huanqiu.com, an affiliation to People's Daily. The news website also shared two pictures provided by web users. The pictures show what China's nuclear-powered aircraft carrier could look like. State-owned China Shipbuilding Industry Corp said in an online press release on Tuesday that it would 'accelerate the process of building a nuclear-powered aircraft carrier', reported Huanqiu.com. This is the first time China has ever revealed its plan of a nuclear carrier. The statement also claimed that the nuclear carrier is a part of Chinese navy's plan to operate further and longer overseas by 2025. After the news was reported by media, the company has apparently edited the original online statement. In the current version, the mention of a nuclear-powered aircraft carrier has been omitted. The company was responsible for extensively refurbishing China's first aircraft carrier, the Liaoning, which arrived as a mostly empty hull from Ukraine. It has also built the country's sole domestically produced carrier, which is expected to enter service later this year. Both are conventionally fueled. Last November, the company's chairman and chief engineer Hu Wenming said to China's state broadcaster that China is able to build any type of aircraft carrier now. Li Jie, a Chinese aircraft carrier expert, told Huanqiu.com that the statement means China has achieved a breakthrough in the application of nuclear power on large-scale ships as normally state-run companies wouldn't reveal such information without confidence. Li stressed that a nuclear-powered carrier would be able to allow China to expand its overseas military presence and safeguard national interest. A spokesperson from the World Nuclear Association said the news about China's nuclear-powered aircraft carrier 'is not a surprise'. The spokesperson said: 'In February 2013, China Shipbuilding Industry Corp received state approval and funding to begin research on core technologies and safety for nuclear-powered ships. 'Polar vessels were mentioned, but it was thought that aircraft carriers would be a more likely purpose for the new development.' The spokesperson added: 'China has a long history of operating nuclear powered vessels. Its first nuclear powered submarine was decommissioned in 2013 after almost 40 years of service.' Currently, the nuclear-powered fleet carriers owned by the U.S. are without rival in the world. U.S. nuclear carriers such as the Navy's Nimitz class can operate for 20 years without refuelling. China has the world's largest navy in terms of numbers of ships, although it lags behind the U.S. in technology and combat capabilities. It's believed that China already has four types of nuclear submarines, namely the Type 091, 092, 093 and 094. 
969203936342298626	2018-03-01 13:33:20	https://t.co/6AieElt25A	Lion with a VERY luscious head of hair is a huge hit at Czech Zoo https://t.co/6AieElt25A	 When it comes to being the mane attraction, there is no cat in town that can match the luscious locks of Leon the lion at Labem Zoo in the Czech Republic. Leon's locks have made him 'the Samson of the Zoo' and the star tourist attraction. Male lions usually start to grow manes from around the age of two, which signals the onset of sexual maturity. It can be a mixed blessing because once they appear, it more often than not means the rest of the pride will throw out a dangerous young pretender. 
969202870020124672	2018-03-01 13:29:05	https://t.co/688bn59vWD	The WWI German flying ace who painted a Star of David on his plane to annoy Hermann Goering https://t.co/688bn59vWD	 Photos showing how a German fighter pilot painted a Jewish Star of David on his First World War plane just to annoy a racist Hermann Goering have come to light. Leutnant Adolf Auer wasn't Jewish himself but was upset when commanding officer Goering made anti semitic remarks about his own wingman, Willi Rosenstein. In revenge, Lt Auer painted the six-pointed Jewish symbol on the side of his Fokker biplane for Goering to see. Scroll down for video Although the First World War had nothing to do with the Jews, Goering went on to became an early member of the Nazi party and one the most prominent leaders in the Third Reich. He was one of the architects of the Holocaust in the Second World War, ordering a high-ranking Nazi official to organise the solution to the 'Jewish Question'. He went on to appropriate important art work from Jewish victims of the genocide. Willy Rosenstein emigrated to South Africa as the Third Reich rose to power in the 1930s. Despite being a WWI flying ace - claiming nine British kills - he and his family didn't feel safe in Nazi Germany and fled. In a cruel twist, his son Ernest Rosenstein became a pilot with the South African Air Force and was killed in action while fighting for the Allies in 1945. While Lt Auer's stunt might have been laughed off in 1917, it could have led to his arrest or even execution in the Second World War. An album of 24 black and white photos that is being sold at auction 100 years later includes several pictures of him and his observer in their aircraft with the Jewish symbol next to the black iron cross. The album also includes aerial snaps taken over the Western Front, including Passchendale and bomb damage at Armentieres. There are also images showing Lt Auer with a large group of German airmen. Matthew Tredwin, of C&T Auctioneers of Ashford, Kent, said: 'It is believed that Adolf Auer was not impressed about comments made by Hermann Goring regarding his wingman, Willi Rosenstein. 'It was said that Auer painted the Jewish Star of David on his aircraft in support of Rosenstein and to annoy Goering. 'Auer was once also quoted as saying that he would rather be saved by a Jewish pilot than die in a plane crash. 'At the time there was no anti-Jew issue in Germany, it was just Hermann Goering's personal opinion at the time that he clearly carried with him into the Second World War. 'That anti-Semitic attitude served him well in the Third Reich until Germany lost the war and he was tried at Nuremberg. 'Whether Goering saw Auer's stunt as a practical joke, I don't know. But he didn't hold it against him as Auer served in the Luftwaffe in the Second World War. 'It is a very interesting album and one that makes you realise that there were these anti-Semitic views in Germany 20 years before the Third Reich rose to power.' Lt Auer scored one victory during the First World War and was wounded in action when he was brought down on October 28, 1918 and taken Prisoner of War. Willi Rosenstein scored nine aerial victories between 1917 and 1918 and received the Iron Cross. In South Africa, he carried on flying and was killed in a mid-air collision with a student pilot in 1949. The album is being sold on March 14 for an estimated £800. 
969197484521279488	2018-03-01 13:07:41	https://t.co/eIuhpxoNjO	Girl, 12, is saved by air cushion after plunging 15 storeys because she couldn't finish her homework on time https://t.co/eIuhpxoNjO	 This is the heart-stopping moment a schoolgirl in southeast China jumps off a building from 138ft high before firefighters scaling down from the rooftop. The girl, studying in Year 6, was worried that she could not finish her homework before the end of Lunar New Year holiday and decided to commit suicide. She was luckily saved by a safety air cushion that positioned below her. She did not sustain any major injuries but only scratches at her right ear. Footage emerged shows the 12-year-old girl dangerously sitting on a window at a corridor in a building in Fuzhou, Jiangzi Province, on February 24. The girl can be seen plunging from the 14th floor, roughly about 42 metres high (138ft), before firefighters attempted to scale down from the rooftop. She landed on a safety air cushion and was sent to a hospital immediately. She told the firefighters that she had been under a lot of stress during the holiday and she was not able to finish the homework, according to Changsha Evening Post. 'Probably it's because she has not finished her homework yet and she got worried that she could not enroll into some of the classes,' her aunt told the reporters. The 12-year-old luckily survived and only had her right ear injured. Web users commented on Weibo, a Chinese social media platform, that students were facing too much pressure from their academic studies. 'It's supposed to be a holiday but teachers love to give students homework. Then what's the meaning of a holiday?' questioned 'fumiaoli'. 'Holiday means school at home, how sad,' said 'jiameimeier'. Another user 'paike+6' suggested the girl's parents to care for their daughter more often. Samaritans (116 123) operates a 24-hour service available every day of the year. If you prefer to write down how you're feeling, or if you're worried about being overheard on the phone, you can email Samaritans at jo@samaritans.org 
969192811286409216	2018-03-01 12:49:07	https://t.co/m9vkQVJiKD	Terminator-like AI movie death scenarios are just 'one to two decades away', claims former Google chief executive https://t.co/m9vkQVJiKD	 Former Google chief Eric Schmidt believes AI technology is developing so quickly it may soon turn against its human masters. The billionaire tech leader claims Terminator-like AI movie death scenarios are 'one to two decades away' but says we should only 'worry about them in a while'. Many AI experts, including Elon Musk, have said we should be wary of a potential AI uprising. Schmidt himself has previously expressed concern about what countries such as Russia and China will do with AI weapons. In the 1984 movie Terminator a cyborg assassin disguises himself as a human. And this type of terrifying scenario might not be far off, according to the now MIT fellow Schmidt, speaking at the Munich Security Conference earlier this month. 'Everyone immediately then wants to talk about all the movie-inspired death scenarios, and I can confidently predict to you that they are one to two decades away. 'So let's worry about them, but let's worry about them in a while,' Schmidt said, DefenseNews reported. For the ex-head of Google, the benefits and uses of AI far outweigh any of the negatives. An apocalyptic robot takeover, however unlikely, is a risk worth taking for the medical and technological advances it provides, Schmidt believes. In response to further questions about humans losing control over cyborgs, he responded: 'You've been watching too many movies. 'Let me be clear: Humans will remain in charge of [AI] for the rest of time,' he said. Schmidt believes that no matter how advanced AI becomes, it will never be perfect and it will always have inherent flaws. 'These technologies [AI] have serious errors in them, and they should not be used with life-critical decisions. 'So I would not want to be in an airplane where the computer was making all the general intelligence decisions about flying it. 'The technology is just not reliable enough ― there too many errors in its use. It is advisory, it makes you smarter and so forth, but I wouldn't put it in charge of command and control,' he said at the conference. Whilst he believes humans will always control the technology, he admits its use in weapons raises some concerns. Speaking about the development of AI-guided weapon systems around the world, he warned against ignoring what countries like China and Russia were developing. 'It's a national program. As I understand, what that means in China is that there will be hundreds of thousands of engineers produced and trained in this. 'There is no analogous United States or European doctrine, and we need to have one,' Schmidt noted. These comments from Schmidt build on previous statements where he revealed he is 'very concerned' that Russia and China are leading the race on artificial intelligence. Schmidt flagged the risk of their commercial as well as military aspirations, saying their lead in AI could help them conquer the world. It follows his warning from last year that China will overtake the US in AI by 2025. Speaking at BBC's Tomorrow's World Live at London's Science Museum with Professor Brian Cox, Schmidt, 62, admitted he worries about what rival countries could do with their technology. 'I'm very concerned about this', he said in response to a question from a member of the audience about the AI race between China and Russia. 'I think that both the Russian and the Chinese leaders have recognised the value of this, not just for their commercial aspirations, but also their military aspirations', he told the audience, writes Daily Star. It is an issue troubling some of the greatest minds in the world at the moment, from Professor Stephen Hawking to Bill Gates and Elon Musk. SpaceX and Tesla CEO Elon Musk described AI as our 'biggest existential threat' and likened its development as 'summoning the demon.' He believes super intelligent machines could use humans as pets. Professor Hawking has recently said it is a 'near certainty' that a major technological disaster will threaten humanity in the next 1,000 to 10,000 years. They could steal jobs More than 60 per cent of people fear that robots will lead to there being fewer jobs in the next ten years, according to a 2016 YouGov survey. And 27 per cent predict that it will decrease the number of jobs 'a lot' with previous research suggesting admin and service sector workers will be the hardest hit. As well as posing a threat to our jobs, other experts believe AI could 'go rogue' and become too complex for scientists to understand. A quarter of the respondents predicted robots will become part of everyday life in just 11 to 20 years, with 18 per cent predicting this will happen within the next decade. They could 'go rogue' Computer scientist Professor Michael Wooldridge said AI machines could become so intricate that engineers don't fully understand how they work. If experts don't understand how AI algorithms function, they won't be able to predict when they fail. This means driverless cars or intelligent robots could make unpredictable 'out of character' decisions during critical moments, which could put people in danger. For instance, the AI behind a driverless car could choose to swerve into pedestrians or crash into barriers instead of deciding to drive sensibly. They could wipe out humanity Some people believe AI will wipe out humans completely. 'Eventually, I think human extinction will probably occur, and technology will likely play a part in this,' DeepMind's Shane Legg said in a recent interview. He singled out artificial intelligence, or AI, as the 'number 1 risk for this century.' In August last year, Musk warned that AI poses more of a threat to humanity than North Korea. 'If you're not concerned about AI safety, you should be. Vastly more risk than North Korea,' the 46-year-old wrote on Twitter. 'Nobody likes being regulated, but everything (cars, planes, food, drugs, etc) that's a danger to the public is regulated. AI should be too.' Musk has consistently advocated for governments and private institutions to apply regulations on AI technology. He has argued that controls are necessary in order protect machines from advancing out of human control 'It is very, very important that the incredible engines that exist in Europe, and Britain, wherever, United States etc, get more funding for basic research, ethics and so forth', he said. Schmidt said he would like the US and Europe to deal with Russian competition not by copying their approach but by 'being more like us'. 'Let's outrun them with our own intelligence, rather than any other outcome', he said. Last year Schmidt slammed Trump's government for falling behind the Chinese government when it came to AI. 'I'm assuming our [US] lead will continue over the next five years and then that China will catch up extremely quickly,' he told the Center for New American Security's Paul Scharre at the Artificial Intelligence & Global Security Summit on Wednesday, according to Defense One. 'We need to get our act together, as a country…This is the moment when the [US] government collectively, and private industry, needs to say, 'these technologies are important.' In July last year, China unveiled its national plan for the future of artificial intelligence. 'By 2020, they will have caught up. By 2025, they will be better than us. By 2030, they will dominate the industries,' Schmidt said. Donald Trump's 2018 budget request slashes funds for basic science and research by $4.3 billion (£3 billion), roughly 13 per cent compared to 2016. 'It feels, as an American, that we are fighting this conflict with one hand behind our back. Earlier in the year Schmidt also revealed he is an 'AI denier'. 'I've taken the position of 'job elimination denier,' he told an audience at MIT according to CNBC. 'I've just decided I'm going to be contrarian, because the data supports me, and it's more fun to be in opposition anyway,' he said. Still, 'there's no question that there's job dislocation. But there [are] always new solutions,' he said. 'The economic folks would say that you can see the job that's lost, but you very seldom can see the job that's created.' Artificial Intelligence has been described as a threat that could be 'more dangerous than nukes'. One group of scientists and entrepreneurs, including Elon Musk and Stephen Hawking, have signed an open letter promising to ensure AI research benefits humanity. The letter warns that without safeguards on intelligent machines, mankind could be heading for a dark future. The document, drafted by the Future of Life Institute, said scientists should seek to head off risks that could wipe out mankind. The authors say there is a 'broad consensus' that AI research is making good progress and would have a growing impact on society.
969189751843631104	2018-03-01 12:36:58	https://t.co/mkjVbJQQJg	Zoos are forced to slaughter animals to feed others in Venezuela https://t.co/mkjVbJQQJg	 Levels of poverty in Venezuela have become so acute that workers at a zoo are slaughtering animals to feed others, staff have told the AFP news agency. They say that two emaciated pumas are serving as 'poster kids' of sorts for the distressing state of affairs. The bone-thin pumas were saved from poachers, but recent photos of them published in the Panorama newspaper have shocked people across what was once an oil-rich country but is now saddled by hyperinflation and acute food and medicine shortages - largely as a result of lower petroleum prices. Scroll down for video The big cats were skinny when they first arrived at the zoo in the town of San Francisco in Zulia state near the Colombian border. They initially got better, but as Venezuela's latest crisis started to take effect 'it is as if they shrank', one zoo worker said. A male and a female Andean condor, born in captivity and brought to the park as part of a breeding program to save the endangered species, have gone weeks without being fed properly. Two birds of prey were so hungry they cannibalized a cage mate, staff said, while a Bengal tiger an elderly lion have also lost weight. To get around the lack of meat, zoo officials started hunting iguanas, which run wild in the zoo, and fishing tilapia from lagoons in the facility. The zoo has also been hit by a series of thefts since the country descended into economic chaos. In 2016, at least 40 animals including a tapir were stolen - it is thought by people looking to salvage meat. The minimum wage, equivalent to £40 a month at the official exchange rate, is barely enough to buy 4.5 pounds of meat. In 2016 at the Caricuao Zoo in Caracas, a horse was killed by assailants who salvaged its flesh to eat. In the state of Falcon, two wild pigs were stolen from a zoo. Peacocks and other birds have also been stolen from Bararida Zoo in Barquisimeto, 155 miles southwest of Caracas, said Carlos Silva, a veterinarian who has worked there for 13 years. It is not just animal in zoos that are suffering. Large numbers of people are abandoning their pet dogs in cities of the country because they are unable to feed and vaccinate them, newspaper reports say. Most of the dogs are starving and taking over garbage-lined street corners, blocking Venezuelans who scavenge for their own food there, El Nacional (in Spanish) reported. Stray dogs are not a new a problem in major cities of the country, with reports from two years ago suggesting that the nation's poorest have always hunted and eaten them. But in January, a non-governmental organization found that more and more Venezuelans, unable to afford anything else, were buying dog food to feed their families. El Nacional cites a local NGO, the Canine Support Network (RAC), as finding a sharp increase in the number of pet abandonments documented over the last two years. 'Unfortunately, we see ourselves immersed in this difficult economic crossroads and there are people who, perhaps against their will, see themselves in the difficult situation of abandoning their pet,' Moises Gonzalez, who helps direct the group's spay and neuter efforts, told the newspaper. 'I would say we found a 100 percent increase in the number of people who write to us because they can no longer have their pets because they are leaving the country or they don't have the resources [to feed it].' The situation is reported to be especially dire for prisoners in the country who have resorted to eating rats and pigeons to avoid starving to death. Inmate Alejandro Manuel Mago Coraspe, 41, was reported recently by local media to need urgent hospital treatment for food poisoning after eating dead rats he found in the garbage. 'We cooked them, but they were still raw,' he said, according to El Nuevo Herald. 'We ate them anyway. I think they were poisonous and that's why I fell ill. I normally kill them myself.' According to a medical report, the bones and cartilage of the rats 'obstructured his intestine', forcing the severely malnourished prisoner to undergo immediate surgery. Stories of degradation and deprivation come out of Venezuela at a 'relentless clip'. The Washington Post recently reported. 'There are lurid tales of prison inmates foraging for dead rats, pumas and lions wasting away in Venezuelan zoos, and mothers embarking on harrowing cross-border trips just to find medicine for their children,' the newspaper said. The country's tragic implosion means there is a lack of contraceptives and drugs, HIV patients are flooding hospitals and AIDS-related deaths have surged. Destitute parents, starved and unable to cope, are abandoning their children at orphanages; mismanagement and graft turned one of the world's most oil-rich countries into a gasoline importer whose economy is at the edge of an abyss. It is estimated that as many as four million Venezuelans - more than 10 percent of the population - have left the country. That is an exodus on a similar scale to that of war-torn in Syria. U.N. statistics show that since November, more than 600,000 Venezuelans have fled to Colombia, 5,000 to the Caribbean isle of Curacao, 20,000 to Aruba, 30,000 to Brazil and 40,000 to Trinidad and Tobago. The opposition for its part is weak and divided. On Tuesday a former state governor who said he would stand against President Maduro in April's elections was expelled from the Democratic Unity opposition coalition which is boycotting the vote. It said Henri Falcon was erroneously endorsing a fraudulent electoral system. But Mr Falcon has defended his decision, saying he wanted to defeat a government that had 'promised Venezuelans paradise, but given them hell'. Meanwhile the Trump administration is considering sanctioning a Venezuelan military-run oil services company and restricting insurance coverage for Venezuelan oil shipments to ratchet up pressure on Socialist President Nicolas Maduro, a U.S. official said on Wednesday. With Maduro running for another term in an April election that Washington and its allies oppose as a sham, the U.S. is weighing sanctions that would target Venezuela's vital oil sector beyond what has been done before, the official told Reuters. Some measures could come before the vote and others could be imposed afterwards. The official, who is close to U.S. internal deliberations on Venezuela policy and spoke on condition of anonymity, would not rule out an eventual full-scale ban on Venezuelan oil shipments to the U.S. - among the toughest of oil-related sanctions. Large demonstrations in Venezuela last year against Maduro's increasingly authoritarian government were stifled by the authorities which replaced the opposition-filled Congress with a new Constituent Assembly stacked with presidential loyalists. The body deployed sweeping powers to cow dissent and paved the way for April's elections, The Washington Post said. But all of these measures have been rejected by most of the international community, which views any election in the current climate of intimidation as a fraudulent farce. 
969187763391291392	2018-03-01 12:29:04	https://t.co/452ue4IJlh	There is NOT enough evidence to prove a healthy diet protects against dementia, declare advisers https://t.co/452ue4IJlh	 There is insufficient evidence that a healthy diet protects against dementia, health officials have declared in a new report. The Scientific Advisory Committee on Nutrition warned there is no magic nutrient or supplement that slashes the risk of the neurological disorder. Scores of medical trials that delved into the link between diet and dementia were examined by the Government advisers. The report concluded that adhering to a Mediterranean diet is associated with a reduced risk of mild cognitive impairment and dementia. However, it stressed most evidence behind this comes from observational studies - meaning no firm conclusions can be drawn about cause and effect. They also found there is little evidence to draw any conclusions on the association between other 'healthy' diets and risk of cognitive impairment. And there is not enough evidence currently to confirm a link between taking B, C and E vitamins or omega-3 fatty acids and risk of dementia. The authors also found that the evidence is 'limited' and indicates that there is no association between caffeine intake and cognition over the longer term. SACN - comprised of leading researchers from British universities - advises Public Health England and other UK Government organisations on nutrition. Following the publication of the report, the committee has now called for more scientific trials to establish links between diet and dementia. Commenting on the review, PHE said the report broadly supports existing advice to eat healthily. Eating a healthy diet can help people to achieve lifestyle factors linked to a lower risk of dementia such as maintaining a healthy weight and blood pressure. But PHE said overall, there is not enough evidence to support a relationship between prevention of dementia and diet. Dr Alison Tedstone, chief nutritionist at PHE, said: 'This report broadly supports existing advice to eat a healthy diet as depicted in the Eatwell Guide. 'However, the report indicates that, overall, there isn't currently enough evidence to support a relationship between diet and the prevention of dementia.' NHS advice to reduce the risk of dementia is to eat a healthy diet, maintain a healthy weight, exercise regularly, do not drink too much alcohol, stop smoking and maintaining a healthy blood pressure. Dr Matthew Norton, director of policy and impact at Alzheimer's Research UK, said: 'The brain, just like other parts of the body, can be affected by the way we live our lives. 'While a balanced diet is one way to maintain a healthy brain, the best current evidence suggests supplements or nutrients offer no additional preventative value. 'Wider evidence points to a number of other lifestyle factors that can also play a role. 'Not smoking, staying mentally and physically active, only drinking in moderation and keeping blood pressure and cholesterol in check are all ways to keep the brain healthy into later life.' Dr Doug Brown, chief policy and research officer at the Alzheimer's Society, said: 'There's no evidence that eating a certain food or taking a specific vitamin or supplement can affect the risk of dementia, but we do know that people who eat a Mediterranean-style diet tend to have a lower risk of dementia. 'Dementia is set to be the 21st century's biggest killer and with no way yet to cure the condition, prevention is key. 'We recommend eating plenty of fresh fruit, vegetables and whole grains, having fish twice a week, and using healthier fats like olive oil. 'It's also a good idea to cut down on red meat, saturated fats, refined sugar and salty foods. 'We're still waiting for proof from big trials to show whether changing your diet can reduce the risk of dementia, and by how much. 'But eating a healthy, balanced diet can reduce the risk of heart disease, cancer and stroke, so it's likely eating healthily is a good way to look after the health of your brain too.' A GLOBAL CONCERN Dementia is an umbrella term used to describe a range of progressive neurological disorders, that is, conditions affecting the brain. There are many different types of dementia, of which Alzheimer’s disease is the most common. Some people may have a combination of types of dementia. Regardless of which type is diagnosed, each person will experience their dementia in their own unique way. Dementia is a global concern but it is most often seen in wealthier countries, where people are likely to live into very old age. HOW MANY PEOPLE ARE AFFECTED? The Alzheimer’s Society reports there are more than 850,000 people living with dementia in the UK today. It is estimated that the number of people living with dementia in the UK by 2025 will rise to over 1 million. In the US, it's estimated there are 5.5 million sufferers. A similar percentage rise is expected in the coming years. As a person’s age increases, so does the risk of them developing dementia. Rates of diagnosis are improving but many people with dementia are thought to still be undiagnosed. IS THERE A CURE? Currently there is no cure for dementia. But new drugs can slow down its progression and the earlier it is spotted the more effective treatments are. Source: Dementia UK 
969182720986402816	2018-03-01 12:09:01	https://t.co/aAJtV0Xcms	Storm Emma leaves its mark on Europe with three dead in Spain https://t.co/aAJtV0Xcms	 People in Ireland have begun panic-buying supplies after the entire country was told to get inside and stay there for 24 hours as the Beast from the East and Storm Emma combined to produce life-threatening conditions. CCTV from one store in Dublin posted on Twitter by Sky News reporter Darren McCaffrey captured desperate shoppers grabbing armfuls of loaves from a worker before he even had a chance to put them on the shelves. Elsewhere supermarket freezers and bread sections were pictured empty as the government warned people to get inside before 4pm and stay there until the weather passes, which is expected to be around 3pm on Friday. The warning came as Dublin airport announced it was cancelling all flights until Saturday morning at the earliest due to snow and ice, with all schools closed and most public transport in the country shutting down. Taoiseach Leo Varadkar said: 'The risk to life and limb presented by severe weather conditions should not be underestimated by anyone. The forecast is for zero visibility, deep pockets of snow and 'white-outs'. 'It's not safe to be outside in such conditions. No-one should be on the roads,' the Taoiseach said. As Ireland braced for the worst, at least three people died in Spain because of the cold weather and the remains of an 84-year-old woman were found burined in snow in Denmark. Emergency services battled to free more than 2,000 motorists from their cars near Montpellier, in the south of France, after heavy snow shut a major motorway overnight with flakes also blanketing the beaches in Nice. One man told a local radio station that he had been trapped in his car for 24 hours, with emergency services promising to recue him on Wednesday night, but crews still hadn't showed up by 8am on Thursday. Police say she left her home Wednesday evening and was found Thursday in a park in Roskilde, west of Copenhagen. Southern Denmark has been hit by heavy snowfall and local police have urged motorists not to use their cars. In Tenerife an oil rig was cast adrift before smashing into the side of a cargo ship moored nearby as the Canary Islands were battered by winds up to 150km/h (93mph) from Storm Emma. Video footage shows the 91m-wide rig in the port of Santa Cruz beginning to drift after high winds broke its moorings before it hit the ship just before midnight. Maritime Rescue, the Civil Guard and the police rushed to the scene before divers were brought in to seal the ship's hull and pump out the sea water. 'It took until about 5am to control but fortunately there was no fuel leakage,' said Port Authority spokesman. Storm Emma has already caused considerable damage on the islands, including La Palma. Parts of rural Tenerife, La Gomera, Gran Canaria and El Hierro have been left without electricity as the winds blew down power lines. Seven boats have been damaged by the storm and another containing ten tonnes of fuel was sunk, but fortunately did not spill into the sea. On Tuesday the 112 emergency control centre dealt with more than 500 incidents across the islands and 46 flights were either cancelled or delayed. Hundreds more flights have also been cancelled or delayed across the rest of the continent due to snow. Geneva Airport was closed 'until further notice' on Wednesday morning after five inches of snow was dumped on the runway in three hours, leaving grounds crews struggling to cope. Dublin airport also cancelled all flights until Saturday morning at the earliest because of a red weather warning put in place, meaning there is a serious danger to life. After Irish carriers Aer Lingus and Ryanair both said they would suspend flight operations, the airport said in a statement that 'all other airlines are suspending operations from about 3pm today'. Both Aer Lingus and budget airline Ryanair said they plan to resume operations on Saturday morning. 'Given the Red Weather Alert for later today and tomorrow, it is unlikely that other airlines will operate to or from Dublin Airport on Friday and they are likely to resume operations on Saturday morning,' said the airport. 'We will have snow crews working today and tomorrow to continue to clear the runway, taxiways, aircraft parking stands and apron areas for our airline customers' planned resumption of services on Saturday morning.' Montpellier, Pau and Biarritz airports also announced there would be cancellations or delays as they struggled to cope with the highly unusual weather. Flights were also disrupted in Spain as national network operatorAENA warned travellers to expect delays and cancellations at Bilbao, San Sebastián, Pamplona and Logroño. Italy continued to be blanketed with a thick layer of snow on Wednesday as the cold weather reached the Gulf of Naples with flakes falling on Mount Vesuvius. Even Sardiania, which rarely sees temperatures fall below freezing in an average year, saw a dusting of snow across hilly areas on Wednesday. Further north Florence's iconic Duomo and Ponte Vecchio were also consumed by the wintry weather as snow also bgan falling in Bologna. While Germany escaped the worst of the snow on Thursday temperatures across the entire country remained below freezing and were not expected to rise above melting point over the weekend. 
969177708319137792	2018-03-01 11:49:06	https://t.co/d6NXqRbIkq	Facebook keep creepy secret files on EVERY internet user https://t.co/d6NXqRbIkq	 Facebook may be tracking your every move online even if you have never been on the site. Not content with monitoring the movements of its own users, the largest social network in the world is building secret files on the activities of billions of people. Mark Zuckerburg's company says that is uses this information to target adverts and content based on your preferences, as well as for security purposes. Facebook account holders are able to download a copy of the file kept on them, which contains detailed records of their activities while logged in. The privacy of users tracked via-third parties is currently less transparent, with no way of checking exactly what Facebook knows about you. Scroll down for video Facebook, based in Menlo Park, California, uses data gathered from its 1.4 billion daily active users worldwide as a basis for algorithms which link advertising and other materials to a person's online profile. It can collect data on every element of your digital identity on the network, from your search and Messenger chat history to photos you've uploaded and files sent across its servers. Facebook also makes use of social media plug-ins and cookies - tracking devices that follow a user's internet activity - to collect data via third-party websites. Every time you like or share Facebook content or visit sites with Facebook ads and trackers you are being watched, even if you aren't signed in. Even if you have never entered the Facebook domain, the company is still able to follow your browsing behaviour without you knowing it. More than 10,000 websites contain invisible trackers, called Pixels, which record information about visitors. This includes everything from the operating system you use to your IP address and activities on the website during a session. This gives the firm insights into everything from where you are in the world, who your internet service provider is, the types of sites you like to visit and how long you spend on them. A cookie's content is determined by the specific website that created it and vary from site to site. As a general rule, cookies are text files containing random alphanumeric text characters. They are intended to help you access a site faster and more efficiently. For example, cookies can store information to help you enter a site without having to login. When the user visits a website's login page, the web server typically sends the client a cookie containing a unique session identifier. When the user successfully logs in, the server remembers that that particular session identifier has been authenticated, and grants the user access to its services. Tracking cookies, especially those used by third-parties, are commonly used as ways to compile long-term records of individuals' browsing histories. They can collect information including IP address, length of visit, pages visited, length of time spent on a page, in what sequence pages were accessed. Advertisers can use this information collected to build up a digital profile of a user. This might not be linked o your real world identity, using a user ID rather than your name, although some websites may link this to your account name. By adding tags to a page, advertisers can track a user or their device across different websites. That helps build a profile of them based on their habits, so messages can be better targeted to their interests. Nick Whigham, a reporter for the New Zealand Herald, decided to test out what Facebook knew about him and was surprised by the results. In 2010, Facebook was the first big social media firm to give its users the option to download a file containing their personal history on the service. Among the information gathered by the firm on Mr Wingham was a mobile recording of an old VHS video of his mother hugging him as he left for his first day of pre-school. He also stumbled across scanned copies of tenancy agreements, bills for his home broadband service and screen shots of bank transfers, as well as more banal chat logs and other site history. To access your personalised digital footprint on Facebook, click on the top-right dropdown menu, click on settings and then 'Download a copy of your data file.' Facing a growing backlash over privacy concerns, Facebook has responded by attempting to offer greater transparency about what it knows. Just yesterday, users who logged onto Facebook reported seeing a message from the firm on their News Feed outlining several new facial recognition features. The features were first announced last December, but Facebook has been gradually rolling them out over the past several months. The firm is giving people greater clarity about what its facial recognition features do and, most importantly, the fact that they can opt-out of the system entirely. Concerns over Facebook's tracking activities and its handling of sensitive information have already landed the company in legal trouble. In February, a Belgian court ordered Facebook to stop tracking internet users in the country who have no accounts with the social network, or face fines of €250,000 (£222,000 / $305,000) a day. Speaking at the time, Johannes Kleis, a spokesman for the European Consumer Organisation (BEUC), said: 'This is a big win for internet users who don't want tech companies to monitor every step they make online. 'What Facebook is doing is against Europe's data protection laws and should be stopped throughout the EU.' Facebook said the cookies and pixels it uses are 'industry standard technologies,' allowing hundreds of thousands of businesses to grow and reach customers. 'We are disappointed with today's verdict and intend to appeal,' Facebook said in a statement. 'Over recent years we have worked hard to help people understand how we use cookies to keep Facebook secure and show them relevant content. 'We've built teams of people who focus on the protection of privacy, from engineers to designers, and tools that give people choice and control.' That same month, a federal judge denied Facebook's attempt to dismiss a class-action lawsuit by users in Illinois who say the firm violated their privacy by collecting and storing biometric data without their consent. The government in Australia is also looking into ways in which Facebook and other digital platforms operate. The average time Australians spend on Facebook every day is 1.7 hours a day, according to a Nielsen report. The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) is set to investigate how the site collects data about its users and how they use that information. The public will be asked to provide feedback on several points relating to the ACCC investigation and have until April 3 to do so. A final report is due in December. Another part of the inquiry will look at the impact of Facebook and Google on traditional media and how the public access news. Rod Sims, the ACCC chairman, said: 'Digital platforms like Google and Facebook are part of the sweeping technological and cultural changes overhauling the media landscape in Australia and globally. 'While these technological changes have brought many benefits for consumers, this inquiry will have a particular focus on examining whether the changes affect the quality and range of news supplied to Australian consumers.' He added the inquiry aims to understand 'the evolving nature of the way consumers search and receive news in Australia'. Facebook uses personal data it collects on members using their on-site activity, location settings and internet connection to target its ads. The firm uses 98 data points to create 'complete consumer profiles'. Some of this data is taken from your Faebook profile information, but the social network watches online activity for the rest. It can 'see' virtually every website you visit if you are logged into Facebook. The 98 data points it tracks are: 1. Location 2. Age 3. Generation 4. Gender 5. Language 6. Education level 7. Field of study 8. School 9. Ethnic affinity 10. Income and net worth 11. Home ownership and type 12. Home value 13. Property size 14. Square footage of home 15. Year home was built 16. Household composition 17. Users who have an anniversary within 30 days 18. Users who are away from family or hometown 19. Users who are friends with someone who has an anniversary, is newly married or engaged, recently moved, or has an upcoming birthday 20. Users in long-distance relationships 21. Users in new relationships 22. Users who have new jobs 23. Users who are newly engaged 24. Users who are newly married 25. Users who have recently moved 26. Users who have birthdays soon 27. Parents 28. Expectant parents 29. Mothers, divided by “type” (soccer, trendy, etc.) 30. Users who are likely to engage in politics 31. Conservatives and liberals 32. Relationship status 33. Employer 34. Industry 35. Job title 36. Office type 37. Interests 38. Users who own motorcycles 39. Users who plan to buy a car (and what kind/brand of car, and how soon) 40. Users who bought auto parts or accessories recently 41. Users who are likely to need auto parts or services 42. Style and brand of car you drive 43. Year car was bought 44. Age of car 45. How much money user is likely to spend on next car 46. Where user is likely to buy next car 47. How many employees your company has 48. Users who own small businesses 49. Users who work in management or are executives 50. Users who have donated to charity (divided by type) 51. Operating system 52. Users who play canvas games 53. Users who own a gaming console 54. Users who have created a Facebook event 55. Users who have used Facebook Payments 56. Users who have spent more than average on Facebook Payments 57. Users who administer a Facebook page 58. Users who have recently uploaded photos to Facebook 59. Internet browser 60. Email service 61. Early/late adopters of technology 62. Expats (divided by what country they are from originally) 63. Users who belong to a credit union, national bank or regional bank 64. Users who investor (divided by investment type) 65. Number of credit lines 66. Users who are active credit card users 67. Credit card type 68. Users who have a debit card 69. Users who carry a balance on their credit card 70. Users who listen to the radio 71. Preference in TV shows 72. Users who use a mobile device (divided by what brand they use) 73. Internet connection type 74. Users who recently acquired a smartphone or tablet 75. Users who access the Internet through a smartphone or tablet 76. Users who use coupons 77. Types of clothing user’s household buys 78. Time of year user’s household shops most 79. Users who are “heavy” buyers of beer, wine or spirits 80. Users who buy groceries (and what kinds) 81. Users who buy beauty products 82. Users who buy allergy medications, cough/cold medications, pain relief products, and over-the-counter meds 83. Users who spend money on household products 84. Users who spend money on products for kids or pets, and what kinds of pets 85. Users whose household makes more purchases than is average 86. Users who tend to shop online (or off) 87. Types of restaurants user eats at 88. Kinds of stores user shops at 89. Users who are “receptive” to offers from companies offering online auto insurance, higher education or mortgages, and prepaid debit cards/satellite TV 90. Length of time user has lived in house 91. Users who are likely to move soon 92. Users who are interested in the Olympics, fall football, cricket or Ramadan 93. Users who travel frequently, for work or pleasure 94. Users who commute to work 95. Types of vacations user tends to go on 96. Users who recently returned from a trip 97. Users who recently used a travel app 98. Users who participate in a timeshare
969172688920080391	2018-03-01 11:29:10	https://t.co/LtlsstCLIb	Polish law that makes it illegal to accuse Poland of crimes committed on its soil by the Nazis comes into effect https://t.co/LtlsstCLIb	 A Polish law that makes it a crime to accuse the Polish nation of crimes that were committed by Nazi Germany has taken effect. The law is seen by some as part of a larger effort by the nationalist authorities to manipulate history so that the country is not associated with war crimes. Poland is at the same time trying to defuse its biggest standoff with Israel in at least three decades over the law, which has drawn warnings from the U.S. and other allies that it is parlously close to denying the crimes of the Holocaust. For years Polish officials have struggled to fight phrases like 'Polish death camps' that are routinely used abroad to describe death camps that were built and operated by Nazi Germany on occupied Polish territory during World War Two. Some Poles fear that as memories of the war grow more distant, new generations will mistakenly come to believe that Poles were the perpetrators of the Holocaust. But Holocaust survivors and some officials fear its true aim is to repress research on Poles who killed Jews during World War II. Polish officials however have insisted that the law, which calls for prison sentences of up to three years, will only punish those who publicly and 'against the facts' accuse the Polish nation as a whole for crimes committed by the Germans. As the law took effect Thursday, Polish and Israeli representatives were in Jerusalem holding a first working meeting toward resolving a standoff over the law. 'I can't imagine two nations that are both victims of the war not being able to find common ground,' government spokeswoman Joanna Kopcinska told Bloomberg. 'We have to do all we can so that many centuries of good Polish-Jewish relations can continue.' The law has also created tensions with Ukraine due to a provision that criminalizes denying the wartime crimes of Ukrainian nationalists, who killed up to about 100,000 Poles in wartime massacres. Poland's president signed the law last month but also sent it to the constitutional court for review. Polish officials have said no criminal charges will be brought until the court has made its ruling, expected in several weeks. But prosecutors are already looking for cases where Poland is defamed over its wartime activities. The U.S. for its part has warned that the law could stifle free expression and academic research. It has warned Poland that to go through with it could hurt Poland's strategic relationships with both the U.S. and Israel. In response the Polish government has dispatched its foreign ministry's undersecretary of state, Marek Magierowski, to Washington this week to meet administration officials, lawmakers and Jewish groups in a bid to allay their fears. Magierowski said Wednesday that the government had been surprised by the outcry over the legislation and allowed that Warsaw had not properly 'prepared the groundwork' for explaining the law's intent and impact. At the same time, he said, media reports and comments from foreign politicians had 'brutally misinterpreted' the law and its intent. Magierowski said Poland would never 'whitewash' its history and the fact that some Poles did commit 'ignoble acts' during World War Two. But, he said the law gave the government a means to fight back when the country is accused of complicity in the Holocaust. Previous attempts to push back, such as protesting use of the phrase 'Polish death camps,' had been unsuccessful, he said. 'Those efforts had been fruitless,' he said, adding that the new law is a necessary 'legal tool to allow us to fend off the narrative of Polish complicity.' 
969167628727214080	2018-03-01 11:09:03	https://t.co/TGDpIGMCb6	Bus-sized asteroid will fly between the Earth and the moon TOMORROW at 11,600mph https://t.co/TGDpIGMCb6	 A bus-sized asteroid is set to fly past Earth tomorrow at 11,600mph. The asteroid, dubbed 2018 DV1, will miss our planet by just 65,000 miles (105,000km) away - one third of the distance between Earth and the moon. The asteroid has a diameter of between 20 to 40 feet (5.6 to 12 metres) and was only spotted on Monday thanks to the world's most powerful telescopes. Now with a virtual telescope project, people all over the world have a chance to see the small asteroid rocket past using a live webcast. Scroll down for video Astronomers say this latest pass should not cause alarm and is the 18th known asteroid to fly within one lunar distance to our planet since the beginning of this year. We are only hearing more about them bow because astronomers have got better at detecting them, writes Earth Sky. Star gazers can view the 2018 DV1 as it skims past our planet using the 16-inch robotic telescope at the Tenagra Observatories in Arizona as part of the Virutal Telescope Project and Tenagra Observatories. The webcast will begin at 12:30 a.m. EST (0530 GMT) tomorrow. Earlier this month, a space rock, called 2018 CB, also blazed past at just one-fifth of the distance between our planet and the moon. The asteroid was between 50 and 130 feet (15 and 40 metres) wide and an expert warned that an asteroid of this size would only get this close to our planet 'once or twice a year'. It was first spotted by the Nasa-funded Catalina Sky Survey (CSS) near Tucson, Arizona. 'Although 2018 CB is quite small, it might well be larger than the asteroid that entered the atmosphere over Chelyabinsk, Russia, almost exactly five years ago, in 2013,' said Paul Chodas, manager of the Center for Near-Earth Object Studies at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California. 'Asteroids of this size do not often approach this close to our planet - maybe only once or twice a year.' However, not all asteroids do pass safety from our planet. In February 2013 a 19-metre meter (62-feet) meteor exploded in the skies above Chelyabinsk in Russia. The meteorite broke up into multiple pieces as it entered the atmosphere, scattering space debris and creating a shock wave estimated to be as strong as 20 Hiroshima atomic bombs. Currently Nasa would not be able to deflect an asteroid if it were heading for Earth but it could mitigate the impact and take measures that would protect lives and property. This would include evacuating the impact area and moving key infrastructure. Finding out about the orbit trajectory, size, shape, mass, composition and rotational dynamics would help experts determine the severity of a potential impact. However, the key to mitigating damage is to find any potential threat as early as possible. Nasa is currently moving forward with a refrigerator-sized spacecraft capable of preventing asteroids from colliding with Earth. A test with a small, nonthreatening asteroid is planned for 2024. This is the first-ever mission to demonstrate an asteroid deflection technique for planetary defence. The Double Asteroid Redirection Test (DART) would use what is known as a kinetic impactor technique—striking the asteroid to shift its orbit. The impact would change the speed of a threatening asteroid by a small fraction of its total velocity, but by doing so well before the predicted impact, this small nudge will add up over time to a big shift of the asteroid's path away from Earth. It caused a shock wave that smashed windows, damaged buildings and injured 1,600 people. The energy - which was equivalent to 500,000 tonnes of TNT - and injured more than 1,000 people Currently Nasa would not be able to deflect an asteroid if it were heading for Earth but it could mitigate the impact and take measures that would protect lives and property. This would include evacuating the impact area and moving key infrastructure. Finding out about the orbit trajectory, size, shape, mass, composition and rotational dynamics would help experts determine the severity of a potential impact. However, the key to mitigating damage is to find any potential threat as early as possible. Nasa is currently moving forward with a refrigerator-sized spacecraft capable of preventing asteroids from colliding with Earth. A test with a small, nonthreatening asteroid is planned for 2024. This is the first-ever mission to demonstrate an asteroid deflection technique for planetary defence. The Double Asteroid Redirection Test (DART) would use what is known as a kinetic impactor technique—striking the asteroid to shift its orbit. The impact would change the speed of a threatening asteroid by a small fraction of its total velocity, but by doing so well before the predicted impact, this small nudge will add up over time to a big shift of the asteroid's path away from Earth.
969165515594850304	2018-03-01 11:00:39	https://t.co/IkiYFOXHYW	Chinese man brutally beats his daughter before tying her to his motorbike and DRAGGING her behind it https://t.co/IkiYFOXHYW	 A schoolgirl has been brutally beaten by her father and tied behind a scooter before driving off on a road in southwest China. It's said the 10-year-old girl was disobedient to her father and got punished. Local police found her covering in bruises and scratches soon after they received reports. A 38-year-old man, surnamed Wei, was arrested in Guangxi Province and detained in connection with child abuse allegations. A three-minute-long mobile phone footage shows Mr Wei beating his daughter's bottom, back and head with a wooden stick. She can be heard screaming and crying loud but no one is stopping the father. The man then drags his daughter behind a scooter and drives away along a road covered in rubble. The video was believed to be taken in Ya Long town in Da Hua Yao Autonomous County of Guangxi Province on February 28. Da Hua Police has launched an investigation soon as they received the footage at 3:50pm on the day. According to the official statement, they found Mr Wei and his daughter at a market 20 minutes later. The 10-year-old was taken to hospital where doctors treated her scratches and bruise marks on her body, including shoulder and back. She will be staying at the hospital for a head scan and a psychotherapy session. Mr Wei was arrested and detained by the police for child abuse. Mr Wei admitted that he went to his relative's house to take her to school and ended up beating her as she refused to leave, reported Beijing News. Da Hua Police is undertaking an investigation for further details.
969162415656112130	2018-03-01 10:48:20	https://t.co/FXi7hb2ZvR	Putin says Russia has tested new nuclear weapons that are 'invulnerable to interception' https://t.co/FXi7hb2ZvR https://t.co/fmThPtp1PM	 President Vladimir Putin has announced that Russia has tested an array of new nuclear weapons 'invulnerable to enemy interception' in a speech where he praised scientists behind the arsenal as 'the heroes of our time'. In his annual state-of-the-nation speech in Moscow, Putin said the weapons include a nuclear-powered cruise missile, a nuclear-powered underwater drone and new hypersonic missile and showed video footage the launch of a new heavy intercontinental ballistic missile on big screens. The video footage also contained a computer generated sequence showing the potential power and reach of the new rocket, which included bombs raining down over the U.S. state of Florida. During his speech, Putin said the creation of the new weapons has made NATO's U.S.-led missile defense 'useless,' and means an effective end to what he described as Western efforts to stymie Russia's development. He said: 'I want to tell all those who have fueled the arms race over the last 15 years, sought to win unilateral advantages over Russia, introduced unlawful sanctions aimed to contain our country's development: all what you wanted to impede with your policies have already happened. 'You have failed to contain Russia.' Speaking of the new arsenal, Putin said that the nuclear-powered cruise missile tested last fall has an unlimited range and high speed and maneuverability allowing it to pierce any missile defense. The Russian leader said the high-speed underwater drone also has an 'intercontinental' range and is capable of carrying a nuclear warhead that could target both aircraft carriers and coastal facilities. He said its operational depth and high speed would make it immune to enemy intercept, adding: 'It's just fantastic!' Putin added to applause that names for the nuclear-powered cruise missile and the drone haven't yet been chosen, and suggested that the Defense Ministry run a nationwide contest for the best names. The President accompanied his statement to an audience of hundreds of senior officials and lawmakers with videos and computer images of new weapons, which were shown on giant screens at a conference hall near the Kremlin. 'No one in the world has anything like that,' he said. 'It may appear someday, but by that time we will develop something new.' The Russian leader said that another new weapon called Avangard is an intercontinental hypersonic missile that would fly to targets at a speed 20 times the speed of sound and strike 'like a meteorite, like a fireball.' 'This makes it absolutely invincible for any forms of air and missile defence,' he boasted, calling it an 'ideal weapon'. Putin said that Russia also tested a new heavy intercontinental ballistic missile, called Sarmat, with a range and number of warheads exceeding its Soviet-era predecessor, known in the West as Satan. He praised a new generation of young scientists working on such weaponry, calling them 'the heroes of our time'. The Russian leader emphasized that the development of new weapons that have no equivalent in the West came in response to the U.S. withdrawal from a Cold war-era treaty banning missile defenses and U.S. efforts to develop a missile defense system. He said that the U.S. has ignored Russian complaints. 'No one has listened to us,' he said. 'You listen to us now.' He said the new weapons will help ensure global stability and draw a line under attempts to weaken Russia. He said that another weapons system, called Kinzhal, or Dagger, already has been deployed in Russia's Southern Military District. He said it's a hypersonic missile carried by an aircraft that that flies at 10 times the speed of sound with an unpredictable trajectory towards its target. Today's televised speech was timed to closely precede the March 18 election, in which Putin is set to easily win a fourth term. The Russian leader's approval ratings top 80 per cent despite an economic slowdown caused by continuing tensions with the West and a drop in global oil prices. 
969160084667420673	2018-03-01 10:39:04	https://t.co/82Hkj62j0v	Girl, 12, becomes the latest victim of Blue Whale suicide 'game' https://t.co/82Hkj62j0v	 A 12-year-old girl hanged herself after taking part in the deadly Blue Whale suicide game. Anastasia Kysluk was found dead in a barn at her home in the village of Rudka in western Ukraine after watching snuff videos on the internet and looking for information online about the best type of rope to use. Police spokeswoman Inna Glega told local media: 'During the hour before committing suicide the girl was watching online clips of people hanging themselves. 'She also was interested in how to make a noose.' The spokeswoman added that Anastasia had been a member of the Blue Whale suicide game. She hanged herself after receiving an order from the organisation's leader, it is claimed. The Blue Whale Suicide game is a social media group which encourages people to kill themselves. It's thought a group administrator assigns daily tasks to members, which they have to complete over 50 days. The horrific tasks include self-harming, watching horror movies and waking up at unusual hours, but these gradually get more extreme. On the 50th day, the controlling manipulators behind the game reportedly instruct the youngsters to commit suicide. The girl's body was found by her grandparents with whom she had been living while her mother worked in Poland to raise money to send her to a prestigious school. The 12-year-old was described by her teachers as an excellent student who was studying English, German and Polish and who dreamt of becoming an interpreter. Teacher Olena Rozhytska said: 'She was such a bright and intelligent girl, always in a good mood, always smiling. She had so many friends. 'Her mother was going to take her to live and study in Poland. 'But now she will have to watch her daughter be buried instead. It's such tragedy for all of us. I can't still believe that she's gone.' Shocked school friends said they hadn't noticed anything peculiar in Anastasia's behaviour prior to her death. One friend said: 'The day before her death she was speaking with me online and asking what our home work was. 'Everything seemed fine. The next day I was told that she had hung herself. 'I'm still in shock.' Another classmate added: 'She had been looking forward to the summer shades so much. She dreamt about going to the sea with her mother. She loved the sea so much.' Police are continuing to investigate. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details 
969154443223732229	2018-03-01 10:16:39	https://t.co/XDL7OPl39Y	New species of 'indestructible' tardigrade discovered in Japan https://t.co/XDL7OPl39Y	 A new species of tardigrade has been discovered in Japan. Tardigrades are small animals that exist all over the planet and are known for being able to survive in incredibly hostile environments. Previously, researchers knew of only 167 taridigrade species in Japan. But new research published by scientists from Poland's Jagiellonian University in the journal Plos One details the discovery of a new species in a Japanese parking lot. Scroll down for video Tardigrades are sometimes referred to as moss piglets or water bears. A growing body of research proves that the microscopic animals can survive unbelievably harsh conditions. For example, they can live a decade without water and can survive in outer space. For the research, scientists examined a moss sample which was collected in a parking lot in Japan. They analyzed the sample, searching for tardigrades, and extracted 10 individuals from it. Then these individuals were used to begin a laboratory culture, which, then, was used to obtain an even greater number of individuals needed for analyses. During this step of the research they analyzed the individuals' DNA and looked for different molecular markers. They did so in an attempt to classify the newly-discovered species. The scientists also employed phase contrast light microscopy and scanning electron microscopy during this process. In order to differentiate between the different species the researchers were studying, the scientists examined the tardigrades' eggs. The new analysis explained: 'This new tardigrade species has a solid egg surface, placing it in the persimilis subgroup within the hufelandi complex. 'The eggs also have flexible filaments attached, resembling those of two other recently described species, Macrobiotus paulinae from Africa and Macrobiotus polypiformis from South America.' The researchers discovered by way of morphological and phylogenetic analyses the existence of the new species, called M. shonaicus sp. nov., bumping up the known number of tardigrade species living in Japan to 168. Researcher Kazuharu Arakawa said: 'We revisit the large and long-standing Macrobiotus hufelandi group of tardigrades, originally described by Schultze in 1834 and where M. shonaicus also belongs, and suggest that the group contains two clades with different egg morphology.' Tardigrades, also known as water bears, are said to be the most indestructible animals in the world. These small, segmented creatures come in many forms - there are more than 900 species of them - and they're found everywhere in the world, from the highest mountains to the deepest oceans. They have eight legs (four pairs) and each leg has four to eight claws that resemble the claws of a bear. Boil the 1mm creatures, freeze them, dry them, expose them to radiation and they're so resilient they'll still be alive 200 years later. Water bears can live through temperatures as low as -457 degrees, heat as high as 357 degrees, and 5,700 grays of radiation, when 10-20 grays would kill humans and most other animals. Tardigrades have been around for 530 million years and outlived the dinosaurs. The animals can also live for a decade without water and even survive in space. Additionally, study author Daniel Stec told Plos One: 'The most basic reason [tardigrades are important] is human curiosity, and once you fall in love with tardigrades you only want to know more, especially since there is still so much to discover about them. 'However, there are also other reasons [to study them]. 'Recently, tardigrades started to be used as model organisms in a variety of studies ranging from astrobiology, developmental and cell biology, physiology, evolutionary ecology and many other disciplines, in hope to address more general questions.'
969150019201847296	2018-03-01 09:59:05	https://t.co/Cd3AUqypZu	China's announces plans for £2billion 'super highway' for self-driving cars https://t.co/Cd3AUqypZu	 China has announced its plan to build an 'intelligent super highway' for self-driving vehicles. The 100-mile expressway is expected to connect three major cities in China, which already has one of the largest highway networks in the world. The project would cost 17.4 billion yuan (£2 billion), according to Chinese media. Equipped with solar panels, the cutting-edge traffic link could also charge electric cars on the go and allow drivers to pay tolls without stopping. The six-lane Hang-Shao-Yong Expressway is set to link Hangzhou, the provincial capital of Zhejiang, with two medium-size cities in the same province, Shaoxing and Ningbo. The first part of the highway is expected to open to the public in 2021, according to China's Xinhua News Agency. Reng Zhong, the Deputy Minister of Transport in Zhejiang, said in the report that in the long run a smart traffic controlling system would be installed on the highway and in the cars so that the road could support autonomous vehicles. Sun Zhang, a professor at Shanghai Tongji University, told Global Times: 'Automatic driving is comparatively safe compared with the manual drive mode. 'Sensors installed within the vehicles and on the road can react faster than humans when emergencies occur and detect malfunctions so as to ensure road safety.' Apparently, a comprehensive sensing, monitoring and early warning system has also been designed for the motorway to reduce traffic jams. Drivers wouldn't need to stop at tollgates to pay for their tolls. A chip installed in their cars would pay the bills automatically when they drive on the 'super highway', said Prof. Sun. The expressway would have a top speed limit of 120kmh (75mph). In addition, it's expected that the advanced traffic and vehicle management system could increase a vehicle's average travelling speed by 20 to 30 per cent. China has the world's fastest growing highway system. The country has built 10,000 kilometers (6,213 miles) of expressways since 2011, according to China's State Council. The nation now has over 130,000 kilometers (80,778 miles) of highways nationwide, said the State Council, which is enough to go around the equator three times. China has opened the country's first solar-powered highway in Jinan, Shandong Province. The two-kilometre-long (1.2 mile-long) highway is built with solar panels and 'transparent concrete'. The two-lane road could charge electric cars as they are travelling on it andwarm itself up in sub-zero weather to melt the snow on top. 
969146378978037760	2018-03-01 09:44:37	https://t.co/X2vsjQ6Zzx	Palestinian jihadist who stabbed a man to death and wounded six others at a German supermarket is jailed for life https://t.co/X2vsjQ6Zzx	 A Palestinian asylum seeker who stabbed a man to death and injured six others during a rampaging attack at a German supermarket was sentenced to life in prison. Ahmad Alhaw, 27, admitted to the murder and assaults in the river port city of Hamburg in January and was sentenced today. Grabbing an eight-inch knife from the shelves on July 28 last year, he shouted 'Allahu Akbar' as he set upon a 50-year-old woman and four men. The judge said the 'particular severity' of the crimes lowered Alhaw's chances of being able to apply for early release on parole. The attack stemmed from a 'radical Islamist' motive and Alhaw hoped to 'die as a martyr', prosecutors said. They added he wanted to kill as many German Christians as possible to avenge the suffering of Muslims worldwide. 'He wanted his actions to be viewed in the context of an Islamist attack, and understood as a contribution to jihad worldwide,' they added. A 20-year-old store assistant who witnessed the attack said: 'I saw him run toward me, covered in blood. He was radiating bloodlust.' After Alhaw emerged from the supermarket, seven mostly migrant bystanders tried to stop the screaming attacker, throwing rocks and chairs at him to slow him down until police arrived. The men - among them a 30-year-old man of Turkish descent who was wounded in the struggle - have since been celebrated and honoured for their courage. One of them, Afghan asylum seeker Toufiq Arab, told Bild daily: 'I'm not a hero, I only did my duty.' Alhaw's attack was the first in Germany since December 2016, when Tunisian Anis Amri rammed a stolen truck into a Berlin Christmas market, killing 12. Like Amri, Alhaw was due to be deported after his asylum application was rejected, although this process was slowed down as they had to wait for identity documents. Through an Arabic translator, Alhaw told the court he had sought asylum in Norway in 2009 after giving up dentistry studies in Egypt, hoping for a better life in Europe. After his application was rejected, he moved around the EU, living in Sweden, Spain and finally Germany. He was 'fascinated' by the Western lifestyle and enjoyed drinking alcohol and smoking marijuana, with only 'phases' of religiosity, Alhaw said. But 'he had the feeling that he was not welcome in these countries,' he added. Alhaw himself declined to discuss his suspected religious radicalisation or details of his crimes. 'He knows that he has committed very serious crimes and knows he will be sentenced for them,' defender Burchard said. Security services had come under scrutiny after failing to recognise Alhaw was self-radicalising in the lead up to the attack. He had watched ISIS propaganda videos online, grew increasingly religious and became distrustful of state authorities. By 2016 he thought that he suddenly understood the Koran completely, rejected all previous temptations, and started looking at all other people as either true believers or non-believers, the psychiatrist said. Alhaw said the knife attack had not been his decision but God's will. But he surprised the court in a February 19 hearing when he appeared with his beard shaved off and for the first time showed remorse. 'Unfortunately I can't turn back time,' he told the victims and the relatives of the man he killed. 'All I can do is to ask you for forgiveness.' Alhaw had told interrogators that the crime 'had some connection with events on the Temple Mount' in Jerusalem, where Israeli authorities had recently imposed anti-terror controls for Muslim worshippers, prosecutor Yasemin Tuz told the court. 'The results of the investigation show that the accused sought out his victims indiscriminately, retaliating against people who in his view represent perpetrators of injustice targeting Muslims,' prosecutors had earlier said. Investigators, however, did not find any evidence to suggest that Alhaw was a member of ISIS. 
969145815498477569	2018-03-01 09:42:22	https://t.co/HmnL8kOxwd	Student, 21, grabs 'man who sexually harassed her' by the collar and parades him through market https://t.co/HmnL8kOxwd	 A woman got her revenge on a man who allegedly sexually harassed her in a New Delhi market by grabbing him by the collar and calling the police. The brave 21-year-old student was filmed by a witness as she firmly held the man with one hand while using the other to phone the authorities. The man, named as Manish Kumar, was prevented from fighting his way out by the large crowd that gathered in the market in the Karol Bagh area of the Indian capital. He is seen on the video trying to hide his face from the multiple cameras suddenly pointed at him while at the same time trying to apologise. The unnamed student said he was one of two men who harassed her. She told local media: 'There were three men in a rickshaw. Two of them were constantly making lewd comments and obscene gestures. 'The third man did not do anything. At first, we tried to avoid them but they kept stalking us. Two of them even followed us around while making vulgar comments.' She said she took them to task over their behaviour, after which they became even more abusive. The woman added: 'Passers-by helped me catch the man. I had called up the police control room but before [they arrived], a traffic official spotted me on the road and offered help. 'The traffic policeman caught hold of the man and, with the help of a passer-by, took us to the police station.' Karol Bagh police then devised a plan to hunt town the Kumar's alleged accomplice. They forced Kumar to call the other man, named only as Abhishek, and ask him to come to the police station, saying the charges had been dropped and that the woman only wanted a 'compromise'. When he arrived, he was arrested. The victim made a public statement, saying: 'I want to thank the police and locals for helping me catch the two men. This is not the first time I have been harassed on the road but I decided to hit back this time because despite being ignored, they persisted and followed me.' Deputy Commissioner of Police M.S. Randhawa confirmed the arrests, adding that they too were students, who said they had come to the market from Haryana 60 miles away to get a laptop repaired. Details of charges against them were not reported.
969141318336286720	2018-03-01 09:24:30	https://t.co/eseuw09Mvf	Scuba diver captures the terrifying moment a shark suddenly accelerates and charges at him https://t.co/eseuw09Mvf	 This is the terrifying moment a shark suddenly lunges at a scuba diver. In the footage, filmed in Durban, South Africa, you can see a number of sharks swimming by while the scuba diver looks on with a GoPro. But suddenly, one agitated Oceanic black tip shark can be seen smashing directly into the camera when it lunges at the diver. Scuba diver Elton Polly, 38, was swimming with two friends off the south coast of Durban when the terrifying incident happened. They were taking part in a baited scuba dive which sees scuba divers use bait to attract sharks and then observe them. The shark in question was startled and in an attempt to get away it charged right at the diver's head, knocking his mask off and the regulator from his mouth. Fortunately, there were no serious injuries. Mr Polly filmed the incident with the Oceanic black tip shark on February 24, using his GoPro. The force of the shark knocked the mask off Polly's head, but he was uninjured. He said: 'These type of dives take place daily in that area. The shark was startled and in an attempt to get away, it charged right into the diver's head, knocking his mask off and the regulator from his mouth. Mr Polly, who was underwater with two other divers, said he was able to stay calm and resolve the situation. He said: 'No one was injured and the shark was unharmed too.'
969136814140338176	2018-03-01 09:06:36	https://t.co/reDAFnfOOc	Egyptian singer is sentenced to six months in jail for joking that drinking Nile water could make you ill https://t.co/reDAFnfOOc	 An Egyptian court has sentenced pop star Sherine to six months in prison on Tuesday for suggesting drinking from the Nile River leads to illness. She was found guilty of spreading 'false news' after a recording emerged of her joking that water from the River Nile could give people parasites. Sherine is one of Egypt's most famous singers and doubles up as a judge on the Arabic version of The Voice TV show. Scroll down for video The singer apologised after being caught on tape joking with concert-goers about the cleanliness of Nile water. Judicial officials said she would remain free on bail pending an appeal. In the recording Sherine is asked by a fan about her popular song 'Have You Ever Drunk from the Nile?' The star replied that drinking from the river could lead to bilharzia, which once caused widespread contamination of Egypt's rivers. 'Drink Evian instead,' she joked, referring to the French mineral water. The Egyptian news outlet Ahram said she was ordered to pay £204 as bail, in addition to a fine of about £400. She remains free until her case is concluded. When a complaint against her was first filed in November, the musicians' union in Egypt banned her songs from being broadcast - accusing her of causing 'unjustified ridicule and mockery of our dear Egypt'. The singer said at the time that she made her comment at a concert in the UAE more than a year earlier. 'I apologise from all my heart for any pain I may have caused you... It was a bad joke,' she wrote on her Facebook page at the time. The population of the vast country of Egypt is mostly centred on the banks of the Nile, which flows from the south to the Mediterranean Sea. The charismatic 37-year-old topped the charts in the region before announcing her retirement in 2016, but has since gone back on her decision. Meanwhile another singer, Laila Amer, was also sentenced on Tuesday to two years in prison for 'inciting debauchery and immorality' in a music video. The director and a male actor in the clip received shorter terms. In December at third singer, Shaimaa Ahmed - better known as as Shyma - was jailed for two years after she appeared in a music video in her underwear while suggestively eating a banana. She was too found guilty of inciting debauchery and indecency and was sentenced alongside the video's director. Commentators say that the convictions may in part be linked to the desire of President Sisi to curry favour with conservative Egyptians ahead of elections next month. 
969131849468522496	2018-03-01 08:46:53	https://t.co/WKsXoBu5Vk	World's oldest known figurative tattoos are found on 5,000-year-old Egyptian mummies https://t.co/WKsXoBu5Vk	 The world's earliest figurative tattoos have been discovered on 5,000-year-old Egyptian mummies at the British Museum, rewriting the history of inking. The tattoos are of a wild bull and a Barbary sheep on the upper-arm of a male mummy, and S-shaped motifs on the upper-arm and shoulder of a female. The find dates tattoos containing imagery rather than geometric patterns to 1,000 years earlier than previously thought. Researchers say the discovery 'transforms' our understanding of how people lived during this period. The tattoos were found on male and female 'Gebelein' mummies. The 5,000-year-old male mummy, which is naturally preserved, has been one of the star displays at the British Museum, visited by millions each year, since its discovery in a cemetery over 100 years ago. Previous research revealed that the man, known as Gebelein Man A, died a violent death between the ages of around 18 to 21, from a stab wound to his back. But dark smudges on his arm, which appeared as faint markings under natural light, have now been examined. Infrared technology has now revealed that the smudges were tattoos of two slightly overlapping horned animals well known in Predynastic Egyptian art. Daniel Antoine, the British Museum's curator of physical anthropology, said the male mummy was 'one of the most popular displays at the British Museum'. 'His remains were preserved naturally perhaps because he was buried in the peak of summer or was in a shallow grave,' he added. 'We are very confident that this is tattooing and not painted or decorated. It would have been carried out with some type of needle made from bone or copper. These tattoos push back evidence of tattooing by 1,000 years.' It is likely the man wore the designs as symbolic displays of his strength and virility. Throughout much of the ancient world, both bulls and goats were associated with male power. More abstract s-shaped motifs were also identified on the upper arm and shoulder of a 'mysterious' female mummy, who 'may have been a person of importance'. The designs are under the skin and the pigment is probably soot. They could be crooked staves or throw-sticks, batons or clappers used in ritual dance. The oldest known tattoos in the world were discovered on Ötzi the Iceman, dating from around the same time, but they are purely geometric. 'It is quite a departure to see people putting images on their body and that will have resonance with people today,' the curator said. 'Incredibly, at over 5,000 years of age, they push back the evidence for tattooing in Africa by a millennium.' Previously, archaeologists had thought only women wore tattoos in ancient history. The new discovery shows that such body modifications were practiced on both sexes. The tattoos may have denoted status, bravery and magical knowledge. Both mummies were found in Gebelein in the southern part of Upper Egypt, close to Luxor. They lived between 3351 and 3017 BC, not long before the region was unified by the first pharaoh in 3100 BC. The findings are published in the Journal of Archaeological Science. Since his discovery on 19 December 1991 by German hikers, Ötzi has provided a window into early human history. His mummified remains were uncovered in melting glacier in the mountainous border between Austria and Italy. Analysis of the body has told us that he was alive during the Copper Age and died a grisly death. Ötzi, who was 46 at the time of his death, had brown eyes, relatives in Sardinia, and was lactose intolerant. Experts discovered a total of 61 tattoos on Ötzi's body using different wavelengths of light to pick them out on the mummy's darkened skin. And in December 2015 they were confirmed to be the world's oldest - beating markings on an unidentified South American Chinchorro mummy. Experts had thought the South American mummy with a moustache-like tattoo on its face died in around 4,000BC, before realising it's younger than Ötzi, who was killed in around 3250 BC. While researchers can't be sure why Ötzi had the tattoos, many think that they served as a form of acupuncture. 'We know that they were real tattoos,' Albert Zink, head of the Institute for Mummies and the Iceman in Bolzano, Italy told LiveScience. The ancient tattoo artist who applied them 'made the incisions into the skin, and then they put in charcoal mixed with some herbs.' The tattoos, mostly found on Ötzi's lower back and legs, between the knee and food, may have been a way to relieve the effects of chronic pain or injuries. Ötzi was thought to have done a lot of walking in the Alps, which could have resulted in joint pain in his knees and ankles. The 61st tattoo, found on the ribcage, has puzzled researchers who suggest Ötzi may also suffered from chest pain. If the tattoos were not for therapeutic benefit, the researchers say they could have had symbolic or religious significance. Alternatively, they may simply be geometric shapes with no hidden meaning. In March, 2018, figurative tattoos were been discovered on 5,000-year-old Egyptian mummies at the British Museum. Experts said that these were the world's earliest figurative tattoos. The tattoos are of a wild bull and a Barbary sheep on the upper-arm of a male mummy, and S-shaped motifs on the upper-arm and shoulder of a female. The find dates tattoos containing imagery rather than geometric patterns to 1,000 years earlier than previously thought. Researchers said the discovery 'transforms' our understanding of how people lived during this period.
969124338451480576	2018-03-01 08:17:02	https://t.co/uaIQm4ZwoR	Angela Merkel admits there ARE 'no-go' areas in Germany that 'nobody dares' to enter https://t.co/uaIQm4ZwoR	 Chancellor Angela Merkel has claimed there are 'no-go areas' in Germany, leaving ministers speechless. Officials have previously dismissed the notion there are places in the country that police and other outsiders can't visit. But Merkel said she favours a zero-tolerance policy on crime that includes preventing no-go areas, which she called 'areas where nobody dares to go' in an interview with n-tv on Monday. 'There are such areas and one has to call them by their name and do something about them,' she said. Asked to name the areas, Merkel's spokesman Steffen Seibert told reporters today 'the chancellor's words speak for themselves.' Interior Ministry spokesman Johannes Dimroth likewise declined to identify no-go areas, saying security was a matter for local not federal authorities. 
969121771453648896	2018-03-01 08:06:50	https://t.co/3nyuyo0myQ	Revealed: what happens to your brain in the last minutes before you die https://t.co/3nyuyo0myQ	 A wave of electrical activity in our brains called 'spreading depression' appears to mark the final moment before death, researchers have found. Experts examining brain activity in dying patients observed a flurry of activity that appears to precede the fatal shutdown of our most vital organ. The finding suggests that consciousness may still be present for many minutes after the rest of the body has stopped showing signs of life, raising the possibility that for up to five minutes, the process of the brain shutting down could be reversed. Scroll down for video A team of neurologists, including from the Charité–Universitätsmedizin Berlin, continuously monitored electrical signals in the brains of of nine people as they died. Each of the patients - from Berlin, Germany, and Cincinnati, Ohio - had received fatal brain injuries and had 'do not resuscitate' orders. Experts hoped that, by implanting electrodes in the brains of their test subjects, they could uncover the mechanisms and timing of events during the process of dying. They found that even five minutes after a person's heart stops beating their brain cells, or neurons, may still function. But a wave of 'spreading depression' marked the moment that these neurons shutdown before their final, irreversible death. In a written statement lead author Dr Jens Dreier of Universitätsmedizin Berlin said: 'After circulatory arrest, spreading depolarization marks the loss of stored electrochemical energy in brain cells and the onset of toxic processes that eventually lead to death. 'Importantly, it is reversible – up to a point – when the circulation is restored.' Cells die when blood stops flowing, depriving them of the oxygen they need as fuel to function. Scientists reported in October 2017 that they had discovered a person's consciousness continues to work after the body has stopped showing signs of life. That means they may be aware of their own death and there is evidence to suggest someone who has died may even hear their own death being announced by medics. A team from New York University Langone School of Medicine investigated the topic through twin studies in Europe and the US of people who have suffered cardiac arrest and 'come back' to life, in the largest study of its kind. Study author Dr Sam Parnia told Live Science: 'They'll describe watching doctors and nurses working and they'll describe having awareness of full conversations, of visual things that were going on, that would otherwise not be known to them.' He said these recollections were then verified by medical and nursing staff who reported their patients, who were technically dead, could remember details of what they were saying. Doctors define death based on when the heart no longer beats, which then immediately cuts off blood supply to the brain. Once that happens, blood no longer circulates to the brain, which means brain function halts almost instantaneously. You lose all your brain stem reflexes, including your gag reflex and your pupil reflex. The brain's cerebral cortex, which is responsible for thinking and processing information from the five senses, also instantly flatlines. This means that within two to 20 seconds, no brainwaves will be detected on an electric monitor. This sparks a chain reaction of cellular processes that will result in the death of brain cells. However this can take hours after the heart has stopped, researchers said. When this happens, brain cells draw on energy reserves for a few minutes before they shut down completely. This happens when the mechanisms that neurons use to keep ions separated start to fail. Ions are electrically charged particles formed when atoms lose or gain electrons. The breakdown of the barriers between these particles releases a massive amount of electrochemical energy into the brain as neurons frantically attempt to draw in fuel. This process, known as spreading depolarisation or spreading depression, is marked by hyperactivity in the neurons, followed by a sudden silence. However, this silence only marks the final countdown to death and may be reversed for a period, researchers found. Exactly how long this remains the case is still open to debate. A final 'wave' of spreading depression seems to mark the point at which neurons have fired for the last time, although the research team warned that this may still be an unreliable marker for true death. 'The chemical changes that lead to death begin with depolarization,' Dr Jed Hartings of the University of University of Cincinnati's College of Medicine and a member of the research team told Newsweek. 'We've never had a method to diagnose brain death, and we don't have a way to be certain when all capacity for awareness is lost.' While the study doesn't have a direct effect on patient care today, it may lead to improved diagnostic and treatment procedures in the future. The findings may be helpful for developing strategies for dealing with cardiac arrest and stroke that complement efforts to reestablish circulation. They may also inform the debate on organ donation after cardio death, where death is declared between two and ten minutes after the heart stops beating. The full findings were published in the journal Annals of Neurology.
969117802736078848	2018-03-01 07:51:04	https://t.co/ZqfOqVx7tK	WWII Korean sex slaves dumped after they were raped and killed by Japanese soldiers in horrifying footage https://t.co/ZqfOqVx7tK	 A WWII video showing the dead bodies of dozens of Korean sex slaves who had been raped and killed by Japanese troops was released for the first time yesterday. The victims were killed by Japanese soldiers at a Chinese village in 1944, according to reports from Korean media. These sex slaves - euphemistically referred to as 'comfort women' - had been brought to China by the Japanese army during the war to work at military brothels. The release of the footage was significant at this time because the government of Japan attempts to bury the issue, an expert told MailOnline. Mainstream historians say up to 200,000 women were forced to work in Japanese military brothels around Asia from 1932 until the end of World War II. The sex slaves were mostly from Korea. But many were also from China and South-east Asian countries. According to Korea Times, the never-before-seen footage was taken on September 15, 1944, in Tengchong, China's Yunnan Province. The Japanese army invaded the area in May, 1944, and lost their battle against the American and Chinese armies on September 13. Apparently, the sex slaves were killed by the Japanese on the last day of the battle. The shocking footage was released during a conference on sex slavery organised by the city government of Seoul, the capital of South Korea. In the 19-second clip, a soldier, said to be Chinese, could be seen taking a sock off a naked corpse. In another part of the video, smoke appears to rise from a large pile of dead bodies. The footage was discovered last year by a group of Korean scholars in American National Archives and Records Administration, reported Seoul-based Arirang News. According to the same report, more than 70 Korean women were brought to Tengchong by the Japanese troops. Only 23 of them survived after the American and Chinese armies won the battle. Kang Sung-hyun, a professor at Sungkonghoe University in Seoul, is quoted by Korea Herald as he commented on the significance of the footage. 'This video shows the situation and reality Korean comfort women faced at the end of the war at a time when the Japanese government denies the killing of comfort women by Japanese troops.' Park Won-soon, the Mayor of Seoul, is quoted saying: 'We know all too well we shouldn't repeat this tragic history and one part of remembering it is documenting it.' Hiroka Shoji, a researcher at the Amnesty International, said the video was published at crucial timing because Japan is yet to provide full and effective reparation to any individual who has suffered harm as the direct result of its military sexual slavery system. Researcher Shoji told MailOnline: 'The Japanese government has made a prolonged and determined effort to hide behind its legal position on the issue. 'Japan has continued to insist that any obligation to provide reparation was settled in the 1951 San Francisco Peace Treaty and other bilateral peace treaties and arrangements. 'This standing point has negatively impacted Japan’s relation with countries with survivors of Japan’s military sexual slavery system, including South Korea and China.' The plight of the 'comfort women' is a hugely emotional issue that has for decades marred ties between Japan and its neighbours, South Korea and China. In 2015, Tokyo and Seoul agreed to settle the contentious issue through a landmark deal. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe issued an apology and agreed to create a £6.7 million (1 billion yen) foundation to help provide support for the victims. A statement by both countries' foreign ministers said Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 'expresses anew his most sincere apologies and remorse to all the women who underwent immeasurable and painful experiences and suffered incurable physical and psychological wounds as comfort women'. According to researcher Shoji, the 2015 bilateral agreement between Tokyo and Seoul included a provision that the South Korean government should never again raise the issue and that a Peace Monument in Seoul commemorating the survivors of the military sexual slavery system be removed. 'Acknowledging these crimes under international law, and factually recording them in histories for future generations is an important step to ensure non-repetition and end impunity for crimes of sexual violence committed during armed conflicts,' said researcher Shoji. Last December, Seoul expressed doubts over the 2015 deal with Japan because of an election pledge made by the new government of President Moon Jae-In. President Moon promised to review the unpopular agreement - arranged by his now-jailed predecessor Park Geun-Hye. Most historians agree that as many as 200,000 women, mostly from Korea, were forced to work in Japanese military brothels during WWII. The plight of the women is a hugely emotional issue which continues to strain relations between South Korea and Japan today. For many South Koreans, the issue symbolises the abuses of Japan's 1910-45 colonial rule over the Korean Peninsula. The term 'comfort woman' comes from the Japanese euphemism 'jugun ianfu' which refers to women, of various ethnic and social circumstances, who became sex slaves for the Japanese troops before and during WWII. Military brothels existed across the Asia Pacific region in areas occupied by the Japanese forces, including China, the Korean Peninsula and a large part of South-east Asia. The women were forced to have sex with up to 50 Japanese soldiers a day as they were raped and sexually assaulted. Though around 80 per cent were Korean, women from China, Taiwan, the Philippines, Indonesia, Burma and the Pacific islands were also used as comfort women, according to a San Francisco State University report. The authorities believed the comfort system would enhance the morale of the military and help prevent soldiers from committing sexual violence toward women of occupied territories, which became a real concern after the infamous Nanjing Massacre in China in 1937. They were also concerned with the health of the troops, which prompted close supervision of the hygienic conditions in the comfort stations to help keep STDs under control. Meanwhile many of the women who worked in 'comfort stations' during WWII were given repeated injections of the syphilis treatment compound 606, which left many of them unable to have children. After the war, many of the women were brutally slaughtered and their story was untold until 1991. The only military tribunal concerning the sexual abuse of comfort women took place in Batavia - now Indonesian capital Jakarta - in 1948. Several Japanese military officers were convicted for having forced 35 Dutch women involved in the case into comfort stations. The issue only began to emerge in Korea only in the late 1980s. The Japanese government admitted deception, coercion and official involvement in the recruitment of comfort women in August 1993, but critics said they needed to go much further. 
969116328186531846	2018-03-01 07:45:12	https://t.co/HkkeYejplr	Villagers battle to save dog from a giant anaconda after seeing it thrashing in the water https://t.co/HkkeYejplr	 The moment a dog is saved by Brazilian villagers from being killed by an anaconda has been captured on video. At the beginning of the footage, the dog with the deadly snake wrapped around it can be seen by the riverbank. According to Andrew Barao, who posted the video, the dog went missing from a farm and after a search it was spotted about to become an ‘afternoon snack’ for an anaconda. He said the villagers then ‘rapidly’ moved into action to save the dog, which would almost certainly have been killed. In the video, a man from the village grabs the snake by the tail and is helped by another man as they both pull the snake, with the dog firmly in its grasp, out of the water. As the snake is dragged out of the water, the dog can clearly been seen with the serpent’s tail around its head. The pair are then dragged up the river bank along the grass, with the two men joined by another and all three begin shaking the snake in a bid to free the dog. One of the men then tries to pull the dog free from the snake before he eventually grabs a stick and begins hitting it. After a few hard whacks, the dog manages to scamper free and begins running around, barking at the snake. 
969113010584326144	2018-03-01 07:32:01	https://t.co/I1TMEUsNci	Chinese woman dies after tripping over her luggage and getting her neck stuck in a FENCE https://t.co/I1TMEUsNci	 A young woman died after getting her neck trapped in a pedestrian fence as she tripped over her luggage in central China. Her face turned purple and suffocated while being trapped between two metal bars about a hand width apart. The incident has caused an outcry online as web users complained that no improvement has been made following a number of similar accidents. According to Chutian Metropolitan Daily, the young woman tripped over her luggage when she got off a bus at Huangpu in Hankou city, Hubei Province on February 27. Photos emerged shows the woman, said to be in her twenties, wearing a white down jacket, a black cap and a black-framed glasses, has her neck trapped in a U-shaped fence behind a bus stop. Huangpu Police and paramedics arrived 16 minutes after the incident. The woman was pronounced dead at the scene. Paramedics removed her body after the police officers cut off a section of the fence. The fence is a standardised U-shaped fence that is commonly used across the country in China. It is about one-metre-tall (3.3ft), however, the space between each panel is only about a palm's width, according to the report. Web users commented that such accident often happen and blamed the government for not improving the design of the fence. In March, 2016, a pregnant woman lost her life as she got her neck trapped in a fence, same shape as the one in the Huangpu incident. One pensioner died as his head got stuck in a fence in Beijing in summer, 2015. Medical experts from No.1 Affilated Hospital of Xi'an Jiatong University told the reporters that the fall could damage the carotid arteries that supply blood to the brain. A person could die if there is no blood pumped to the brain for over five minutes.
969111028574425093	2018-03-01 07:24:09	https://t.co/zPRz7RUJAz	Tourist suffers horrific injuries after falling off a 115ft cliff while going after his drone at Bali tourist spot https://t.co/zPRz7RUJAz	 Terrifying footage has been released of a bloodied tourist writhing in pain after slipping and falling off a 115ft cliff in Bali on Tuesday. The Mexican holidaymaker, named Reinier, reportedly fell down the cliff as he was trying to recover a drone. Footage shows him clutching his arm and moaning in pain after splitting his head open in the fall off the cliff in Uluwatu, south of Kuta. Paramedics arrived and he was then carried up the cliffs to be rushed to hospital in the Uluwatu district of the island. Video footage, which was posted to Facebook, shows at least eight local men working together to carry the seriously injured tourist down the rest of the steep cliff to a boat waiting at the shoreline. The men can be seen navigating their way down large rocks while carrying the tourist on a stretcher. Large waves are heard smashing against the rocks as the group works its way down to the swelling tide. Luckman Angga said: ''The man was looking for his drone that fell down the cliff. He was desperate to find it. 'He kept going until finally he slipped down. He was badly hurt with a lot of blood coming from his head. 'Thanks to the local citizens and emergency workers. Without their work it would have not been possible to evacuate the man so quickly from the extremely difficult surroundings.'' The tourist was transferred to a hospital in the Kuta region of Bali where he is still recovering today. Friend Julia Rosa, who has started a GoFundMe page for him, said: 'Our Mexican friend Reinier fell off a cliff in Uluwatu, Bali yesterday. 'He is severely injured and was rescued by the lifeguards boat in Padang Padang and was then brought to BIMC Hospital in Nusa Dua. 'He needs three major surgeries as his scalp is open, his arm is severely damaged and he has broken facial bones. 
969108451191414786	2018-03-01 07:13:54	https://t.co/nED9WBU3nO	Museum condemns Facebook for censoring the Venus of Willendorf statuette of a naked woman carved 30,000 years ago https://t.co/nED9WBU3nO	 A prehistoric art masterpiece has been censored by Facebook - prompting an indignant response from the Vienna museum where it is on display. The 'Venus of Willendorf' figurine of a voluptuous naked woman, which is some 30,000 years old, was discovered in the Austrian village of Willendorf in the early 20th century. It is considered 'the icon' of the Natural History Museum in Vienna, the facility's director general Christian Koeberl said in a statement. The 4-inch statue from the early stone age is 'the most popular and best-known prehistoric representation of a woman worldwide,' he added. The controversy began in December when Italian arts activist Laura Ghianda posted a picture of the artwork on the social networking site which went viral. After it was censored she messaged that 'this statue is not "dangerously pornographic". The war on human culture and modern intellectualism will not be tolerated.' The natural history museum voiced outrage, saying in its statement: 'We think that an archaeological object, especially such an iconic one, should not be banned from Facebook because of "nudity", as no artwork should be. 'Let the Venus be naked! Since 29,500 years she shows herself as prehistoric fertility symbol without any clothes. Now Facebook censors it and upsets the community,' it said. 'There is no reason for the Natural History Museum Vienna to cover the "Venus of Willendorf", and hide her nudity, neither in the museum nor on social media,' Koeberl insisted. 'There has never been a complaint by visitors concerning the nakedness of the figurine,' he added. The museum said it had never directly experienced censorship by Facebook, despite its recent post on 'Stone Age pornography'. Facebook is regularly criticised over content which it bans or indeed content it allows to be published. On March 15, a French court is due to pronounce on the decision by the California-based social networking site to close the Facebook account of someone who posted a photo of 19th century French painter Gustave Courbet's 'Origin of the World' painting, which depicts female genitalia.
969063466005917696	2018-03-01 04:15:09	https://t.co/wAvfr60Tck	Dog gets head stuck in railings in Mexico https://t.co/wAvfr60Tck	 A cute video of a German Shepherd helping another dog after he got stuck in some railings has notched up more than 3.4 million views after going viral on social media. The footage shows a small white dog struggling to get through a white fence on top of a wall in the central Mexican city of San Luis de Potosi, and getting a helping paw from the bigger dog. The footage was captured by teacher Edith Govea, 33, who confirmed that the dogs are neighbours and play-pals. Pictures show the small white dog initially trying to jump through the railing over a door, but later trying its luck a few feet down, over the yellow wall. However, it seems to get stuck with its head and front paws, and desperately tries to squeeze through to its friend, who lives on the other side. Suddenly, the larger German shepherd appears and decides to literally lend a paw, using it to try to pull the little dog through the gap. At first the bigger dog's efforts seem to make no difference so she tries with two paws and even her teeth as she gives the other dog a gentle tug by the scruff of his neck. And, finally, she manages to drag the little dog far enough through the railings for him to squeeze the rest of the way through and jump down to the ground. The teacher later revealed that the heartwarming incident happened in the Pavon neighbourhood of San Luis Potosi. Ms Govea said: 'I spend lot of time in this area and I saw these two dogs and I found it bizarre how he fought to help his friend.' The German Shepherd, called Bunny, lives in the house on the video, while the small white one, called Malik, lives in the neighbourhood and regularly calls in to visit his friend. 'It is beautiful to see how dogs also show love,' she added. 
969047794349731847	2018-03-01 03:12:52	https://t.co/LFDmF0Q4bp	North Korea sold ballistic missile and chemical weapon components to Syria, UN experts claim https://t.co/LFDmF0Q4bp	 North Korea sent ballistic missile and chemical weapons components to Syria along with missile technicians in violation of UN sanctions, UN experts said. A panel of experts monitoring Pyongyang's transfer of prohibited ballistic missile, conventional arms and dual use goods discovered more than 40 previously unreported shipments to Syria between 2012 and 2017. The regime also gave banned ballistic missiles systems to Burma along with multiple rocket launchers and surface-to-air missiles. Arms sales, flouting of oil and gas sanctions, and illegally exporting commodities netted North Korea £144m in just nine months last year, their report said. Syria is accused of of using chemical weapons against rebel-controlled areas including recently in the Damascus suburb of eastern Ghouta, which President Bashar Assad's government denies. North Korea's Ryonhap-2 Corporation was in 2008 involved in a Syrian ballistic missile program, the 'manoeuvrable re-entry vehicle (MARV) Scud D (MD) project,' the report said. In August 2016 a technical delegation was 'involved the transfer to Syria of special resistance valves and thermometers known for use in chemical weapons programmes'. An unnamed UN member state reported that Syria 'continues to operate at chemical weapons and missile facilities at Barzeh, Adra and Hama'. The report said Syria denied the charges but didn't supply documents supporting this claim and a list of all North Koreans who have travelled to Syria 'There are no DPRK technical companies in Syria and the only presence of some DPRK individuals are confined in the field of sports under private individual contracts for training athletics and gymnastics,' it said. For many years, the panel said the DPRK Corst Company acted on behalf of the Second Economic Committee, which is under sanctions, to ship goods to Syria for use in prohibited programs. The report also detailed previously unreported arms shipments and cooperation with North Korean front companies for those under UN sanctions between 2010 and 2017. The transactions 'showed further evidence of arms embargo and other violations, including through the transfer of items with utility in ballistic missile and chemical weapons programs', it said. The panel also examined 13 shipping containers shipped to Syria from a Chinese company filled with 'acid resistant tiles' that could be used to make a chemical factory. 
969033269391118338	2018-03-01 02:15:09	https://t.co/inDFZDffnK	IOC lift Russia's Olympic ban three days after Pyeongchang https://t.co/inDFZDffnK	 The International Olympic Committee restored Russia’s membership on Wednesday, claiming that no positive tests beyond the two for athletes caught doping at the Winter Games in Pyeongchang was enough to end their exclusion. No matter that two athletes declared clean enough to compete under the Olympic Athletes from Russia banner had brought more disgrace on their country. Alexander Krushelnitsky was stripped of his bronze medal in the mixed curling, while Nadezhda Sergeeva was banned after competing in the bobsleigh. But that only saw Russia’s ban extended to the closing ceremony in Pyeongchang and, despite evidence of systemic doping and widespread cheating in Sochi four years earlier, they have now been welcomed back into the fold. The IOC had said it would reinstate Russia if there were no more failed drugs tests after two of their 168 athletes were caught in South Korea. And on Wednesday they said that all the remaining test results were negative. ‘As stated in the executive board decision of February 25, the suspension of the Russian Olympic Committee is automatically lifted with immediate effect,’ the IOC said in a statement. Meanwhile GB and Northern Ireland hurdler Andrew Pozzi insists he is out to mark his breakthrough anniversary with more silverware at the World Indoor Championships this weekend. The team’s joint captain starts his bid for gold in the 60metre hurdles in Birmingham on Saturday. It will be exactly 12 months since Pozzi won his first major title, when he claimed the European Indoor title in Belgrade. ‘I’m looking to medal, I’ve shown I have the quality to do that,’ he said with the Championships starting on today. ‘It’s a cool little anniversary but I won’t go out to celebrate on Saturday. ‘I want to medal and, from the World Indoors in the past, this is where my career needs to have a step on.’ Pozzi came third in the Glasgow Grand Prix on Sunday and faces 2012 Olympic champion Aries Merritt and Jamaica’s Ronald Levy in a strong line-up. Meanwhile, Laura Muir could claim the hosts’ first medal on Thursday when she races in the 3,000m final along with Eilish McColgan. Morgan Lake and Robbie Grabarz compete in the women’s and men’s high jump, but 2012 Olympic champion Greg Rutherford has withdrawn from the long jump in a bid to be fully fit for the European Championships in August. November 9, 2015: Wada-commissioned independent report alleges widespread corruption in Russia amounting to state-sponsored doping in track and field athletics July 18, 2016: Wada's independent investigation confirms allegations of Russia's 'institutionalised manipulation of the doping control process' before, during and after the 2014 Sochi Olympic and Paralympic Games July 21: The Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) upholds the ban on Russian athletes at the Rio Olympics August 23: CAS confirms a blanket ban on the entire Russian Paralympic team over doping allegations September 13: Wada blames 'Russian hackers' for a leak of confidential medical data related to the Rio Olympic Games, including medalists' medical records and the details of medical exemptions to use otherwise-banned substances December 9: Wada publishes the second part of the independent McLaren report which says that more than 1,000 Russian athletes benefited from state-sponsored doping November 9, 2017: Anonymous Russian athletes admit to taking a 'cocktail' of performance-enhancing drugs November 10: Wada claim they have received an 'enormous backup file' that confirms allegations of systemic state doping in Russia December 5: Russia banned from Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang for 'unprecedented attack on the integrity of the Olympic Games and sport'. Only Russian athletes with a clean history able to compete under the Olympic flag and as an 'Olympic Athlete from Russia' December 23: 43 Russian athletes sanctioned and 13 medals stripped February 1, 2018: CAS clears 28 Russian athletes banned by IOC for doping at 2014 Winter Games in Sochi February 18: Russian curler Alexander Krushelnytsky fails doping test after claiming bronze medal February 19: CAS launch case on the Russian curler February 22: Krushelnitsky stripped of mixed doubles curling bronze medal February 24: Russian athlete Nadezhda Sergeeva disqualified from Winter Olympics after admitting anti-doping violation February 28: Russia's Olympic ban formally lifted by the IOC 
969017165390204928	2018-03-01 01:11:10	https://t.co/1UY2TrHb0O	New species of 'indestructible' tardigrade discovered in Japan https://t.co/1UY2TrHb0O	 A new species of tardigrade has been discovered in Japan. Tardigrades are small animals that exist all over the planet and are known for being able to survive in incredibly hostile environments. Previously, researchers knew of only 167 taridigrade species in Japan. But new research published by scientists from Poland's Jagiellonian University in the journal Plos One details the discovery of a new species in a Japanese parking lot. Scroll down for video Tardigrades are sometimes referred to as moss piglets or water bears. A growing body of research proves that the microscopic animals can survive unbelievably harsh conditions. For example, they can live a decade without water and can survive in outer space. For the research, scientists examined a moss sample which was collected in a parking lot in Japan. They analyzed the sample, searching for tardigrades, and extracted 10 individuals from it. Then these individuals were used to begin a laboratory culture, which, then, was used to obtain an even greater number of individuals needed for analyses. During this step of the research they analyzed the individuals' DNA and looked for different molecular markers. They did so in an attempt to classify the newly-discovered species. The scientists also employed phase contrast light microscopy and scanning electron microscopy during this process. In order to differentiate between the different species the researchers were studying, the scientists examined the tardigrades' eggs. The new analysis explained: 'This new tardigrade species has a solid egg surface, placing it in the persimilis subgroup within the hufelandi complex. 'The eggs also have flexible filaments attached, resembling those of two other recently described species, Macrobiotus paulinae from Africa and Macrobiotus polypiformis from South America.' The researchers discovered by way of morphological and phylogenetic analyses the existence of the new species, called M. shonaicus sp. nov., bumping up the known number of tardigrade species living in Japan to 168. Researcher Kazuharu Arakawa said: 'We revisit the large and long-standing Macrobiotus hufelandi group of tardigrades, originally described by Schultze in 1834 and where M. shonaicus also belongs, and suggest that the group contains two clades with different egg morphology.' Tardigrades, also known as water bears, are said to be the most indestructible animals in the world. These small, segmented creatures come in many forms - there are more than 900 species of them - and they're found everywhere in the world, from the highest mountains to the deepest oceans. They have eight legs (four pairs) and each leg has four to eight claws that resemble the claws of a bear. Boil the 1mm creatures, freeze them, dry them, expose them to radiation and they're so resilient they'll still be alive 200 years later. Water bears can live through temperatures as low as -457 degrees, heat as high as 357 degrees, and 5,700 grays of radiation, when 10-20 grays would kill humans and most other animals. Tardigrades have been around for 530 million years and outlived the dinosaurs. The animals can also live for a decade without water and even survive in space. Additionally, study author Daniel Stec told Plos One: 'The most basic reason [tardigrades are important] is human curiosity, and once you fall in love with tardigrades you only want to know more, especially since there is still so much to discover about them. 'However, there are also other reasons [to study them]. 'Recently, tardigrades started to be used as model organisms in a variety of studies ranging from astrobiology, developmental and cell biology, physiology, evolutionary ecology and many other disciplines, in hope to address more general questions.'
969000669729390593	2018-03-01 00:05:37	https://t.co/0jsLBbcp5P	Woman parades her 'sexual harasser' through market while phoning police in New Delhi, India https://t.co/0jsLBbcp5P	 No matter how careful you are with protecting your couch from food stains, inevitably there will come a time when your furniture has something spilled on it. Now cleaning expert Melissa Maker, the author of Clean My Space has revealed to US-based magazine website The Kitchn how to remove even the toughest of stains from any type of couch, from leather to linen. And there are very specific cleaning rules for each type of fabric. 1. COTTON OR LINEN Melissa's advice is to use a specialist stain remover - but you can also make your own at home, she says. Simply mix one tablespoon of white vinegar with two thirds of a cup of rubbing alcohol, and sponge the solution onto the stain. Blot dry with a clean cloth until all the liquid is absorbed. Repeat until the stain disappears. 2. UNTREATED LEATHER Sprinkle a bit of baking powder, cornstarch or cornflour on the stain and let it stand for 15 minutes. Vaccum it, using a fabric brush attachment if you have one. Unfortunately, if there's still a stain, you will have to call in a professional. 3. COATED OR FINISHED LEATHER Blot as much of the stain as you can with a clean cloth or paper towel, and then wipe with a damp microfiber cloth. It should remove the stain, but if there's any left, use a specialist leather cleaner or conditioner product. 4. MICROFIBER Microfiber couches are more complicated to clean, and how you remove stains will depend on the type of microfiber you have. If there is a 'W' on the label, you'll need to use a water-based cleaning solution, so remove the stain in the same way you would for a cotton or linen sofa. If there's a 'S' on the label, don't use a water-based solution. Instead dab the stain with rubbing alcohol or vodka. If it has both letters, you can use either cleaning solutions. But if it has a X on the label, you can only remove stains by vaccuming. Scrape and blot as much as you can. Melissa's tip is to use an old toothbrush to break up and remove stains. 
968992217032482816	2018-02-28 23:32:02	https://t.co/uP09JtIzhX	Tourists flee in terror after deadly shootout between jet ski operators in Koh Samui, Thailand https://t.co/uP09JtIzhX	 Tourists fled in terror after a deadly shootout between rival jet ski operators on a Thai beach. The two men had been ferrying holidaymakers out to sea on packed travel hot spot Koh Samui island yesterday afternoon. But Soontree Chaipet, 45, and Tinapot Petcharat, 26, began arguing over one encroaching onto the other's patch. CCTV showed the moment each man produced a handgun and opened fire at each other, with tourists at a nearby restaurant running for cover and hiding under tables. Scroll down for video Police arrived at around 4.30pm and found both men in a pool of blood on the white sand. The younger man, Tinapot, later died in hospital. Horrified onlooker Num Hankit, 30, said: 'I work near the beach and just heard the bullets and came to look. It's scary, anybody could be hit by a bullet. 'People are riding jet skis with guns in their pockets. I cannot believe this happening on a beach. 'There were more than 100 tourists standing on the beach. They looked shocked. They have a holiday and people are shooting each other. It's dangerous.' The older man was driven to hospital by a friend while paramedics performed CPR on Tinapot as tourists in their swimming trunks stood watching in disbelief. Officers later recovered two weapons, a black 9mm handgun and a smaller silver pistol as well as ammunition on the Chaweng Beach. Police Major General Apichat Boonsaree from the Bophut station said they believed the reason for the gun fight was a 'business conflict when renting jet skis to customers'. He added: 'Both sides are involved in the business of renting jet skis on the beach and they took up a duel with each other. They were both carrying guns and we understand that they had many arguments with each other before. 'However, the investigators must speak to all the witnesses and people involved in order to understand the exact cause. 'Officers arrived and ensured the safety of tourists who were relaxing at the time when the shots could be heard. 'Police are in attendance at the hospital where the survivor is and will interrogate him once he has regained composure.' 
968983264735219712	2018-02-28 22:56:27	https://t.co/XSCZuP0OjE	'Surprising' signals in groundbreaking study to glimpse cosmic dawn could FINALLY confirm its existence https://t.co/XSCZuP0OjE	 Scientists searching for the earliest stars in the universe have stumbled upon what could be the first direct evidence of dark matter. The mysterious invisible substance is thought to make up roughly 27 percent of the universe – but, it’s continued to elude detection since it was first theorized, instead making its presence known only through its gravitational effects on objects in space. Now, astrophysicists have uncovered a ‘surprising’ signal that could upend what we know about dark matter and, if confirmed, finally prove its existence. Scroll down for video An international team of scientists announced today that they’ve spotted signals from the earliest stars in the universe, using the EDGES radio telescope to peer back to 180 million years after the Big Bang. And, in doing so, they may inadvertently have made another groundbreaking discovery. In a second paper published this week to the journal Nature based on the findings, a researcher from Tel Aviv University argues that the team has detected signals that could indicate the presence of dark matter. ‘Dark matter is the key to unlocking the mystery of what the universe is made of,’ says Professor Rennan Barkana of Tel Aviv University. ‘We know quite a bit about the chemical elements that make up the Earth, the sun, and other stars, but most of the matter in the universe is invisible and known as “dark matter.” ‘To solve it, we must travel back in time. Astronomers can see back in time, since it takes light time to reach us. ‘We see the sun as it was eight minutes ago, while the immensely distant first stars in the universe appear to us on Earth as they were billions of years in the past.’ In the study, the researchers detected a radio wave signal at a frequency of 78 megahertz. While its width lines up with the expectations, the scientists discovered the signal had a much larger amplitude than predicted. This corresponds with deeper absorption, suggesting that this ancient gas was much colder than expected. And, this may have cooled through interactions with cold, dark matter. ‘I realized that this surprising signal indicates the presence of two actors: the first stars, and dark matter,’ Barkana says. ‘The first stars in the universe turned on the radio signal, while the dark matter collided with the ordinary matter and cooled it down. ‘Extra-cold material naturally explains the strong radio signal.’ The signal also suggests that dark matter may be composed of low-mass particles, each being no heavier than several proton masses, according to the researchers. If this is the case, dark matter would be less massive than previously suspected. ‘This insight alone has the potential to reorient the search for dark matter,’ Professor Barkana says. The new findings could have huge implications for our understanding of the universe. Though dark matter accounts for a crucial part of the standard model of cosmology – making up about 27 percent of the material in the universe and nearly 85 percent of its total mass – scientists have never directly observed it. And to date, there has been no evidence that dark matter can ‘touch’ regular matter – let alone cool it, explains astrophysicist Katie Mack, in a blog post for Scientific American. Dark matter is a hypothetical substance said to make up roughly 27 per cent of the universe. The enigmatic material is invisible because it does not reflect light, and has never been directly observed by scientists. It cannot be seen directly with telescopes, but astronomers know it to be out there because of its gravitational effects on known matter. The European Space Agency says: 'Shine a torch in a completely dark room, and you will see only what the torch illuminates. 'That does not mean that the room around you does not exist. 'Similarly we know dark matter exists but have never observed it directly.' Dark matter is thought to be the gravitational 'glue' that holds the galaxies together. Just five per cent the observable universe consists of known material such as atoms and subatomic particles. ‘If this signal really is detecting a new kind of dark matter interaction, it’s not only the first confirmation of dark matter making its presence felt, it’s also a magnificent confirmation that dark matter is a real, tangible component of the cosmos,’ Mack writes. ‘In short, if this signal is what it looks like, it changes everything.’ For now, it’s too early to say if the signals truly confirm the presence of dark matter. With additional studies using radio telescopes such as the Square Kilometer Array (SKA), however, the experts think it could be possible to detect the specific pattern of radio waves produced by dark matter. Such an observation, according to Barkana, ‘would confirm that the first stars indeed revealed dark matter.’ 
968977924706701312	2018-02-28 22:35:14	https://t.co/VIR77bE50K	Museum condemns Facebook for censoring the Venus of Willendorf statuette of a naked woman carved 30,000 years ago https://t.co/VIR77bE50K	 A prehistoric art masterpiece has been censored by Facebook - prompting an indignant response from the Vienna museum where it is on display. The 'Venus of Willendorf' figurine of a voluptuous naked woman, which is some 30,000 years old, was discovered in the Austrian village of Willendorf in the early 20th century. It is considered 'the icon' of the Natural History Museum in Vienna, the facility's director general Christian Koeberl said in a statement. The 4-inch statue from the early stone age is 'the most popular and best-known prehistoric representation of a woman worldwide,' he added. The controversy began in December when Italian arts activist Laura Ghianda posted a picture of the artwork on the social networking site which went viral. After it was censored she messaged that 'this statue is not "dangerously pornographic". The war on human culture and modern intellectualism will not be tolerated.' The natural history museum voiced outrage, saying in its statement: 'We think that an archaeological object, especially such an iconic one, should not be banned from Facebook because of "nudity", as no artwork should be. 'Let the Venus be naked! Since 29,500 years she shows herself as prehistoric fertility symbol without any clothes. Now Facebook censors it and upsets the community,' it said. 'There is no reason for the Natural History Museum Vienna to cover the "Venus of Willendorf", and hide her nudity, neither in the museum nor on social media,' Koeberl insisted. 'There has never been a complaint by visitors concerning the nakedness of the figurine,' he added. The museum said it had never directly experienced censorship by Facebook, despite its recent post on 'Stone Age pornography'. Facebook is regularly criticised over content which it bans or indeed content it allows to be published. On March 15, a French court is due to pronounce on the decision by the California-based social networking site to close the Facebook account of someone who posted a photo of 19th century French painter Gustave Courbet's 'Origin of the World' painting, which depicts female genitalia.
968974115645349888	2018-02-28 22:20:06	https://t.co/kFcKCx5xO3	ISIS calls for attacks on sports events and markets in Barcelona in chilling message intercepted by Spanish police https://t.co/kFcKCx5xO3	 Islamic State leaders have urged their 'faithful' followers to 'martyr' themselves by attacking 'infidels' in Catalonia. The message - broadcast through Telegramand and written in Spanish -was intercepted by the General Commissariat of Information of the National Police Body (CNP). Specifically mentioning Barcelona, the message instructs terrorists to attack sports facilities and events as well as markets. The call to martyrdom was accompanied by images of the El Rastro market stalls in more than 300 miles away in Madrid. Counter-terrorism experts say the messages are aimed at inciting attacks as opposed to directing specific operational cells. The CNP has alerted all units to the message, which they have attributed to the leadership of Islamic State. Last year the city was hit with an attack that killed 13 people on August 17, when Younes Abouyaaqoub ploughed a van into pedestrians on La Rambla. The 22-year-old injured at least 130 others in the attack, one of whom died 10 days later. 
968969087304044545	2018-02-28 22:00:07	https://t.co/y7r0L6qitE	The science of how heavy comforters could help combat the sleeplessness epidemic https://t.co/y7r0L6qitE	 The millions of Americans who frequently suffer through sleepless nights could benefit from using a heavy comforter, research suggests. Weighted blankets that have been used for decades in therapy for children with developmental disorders and to calm anxious animals but in the last year, new companies have begun marketing them to sleepless adults. The blankets, which provide pressure similar to a parent swaddling their child, have been clinically proven to provide users with a better nights' sleep. Several pieces of research break down how these blankets could help combat a growing sleeplessness epidemic as well as in treatment of psychological disorders from anxiety to autism to post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD). As some 30 percent of Americans get less sleep each night than doctors recommend, many may be on the hunt for new tricks for a more restful night that don't require powerful and potentially addictive narcotics. A 2015 study by Swedish researchers found that a weighted blanket improved sleep quality in insomniacs, evidenced by both objective and subjective measures. The study explains that weighted blankets providing a 'cocooning' feeling that reduced physical arousal, making it easier to fall asleep and stay asleep. From a neurological standpoint, the pressure stimulation, called proprioceptive input, has been shown to reduce cortisol and increase serotonin and melatonin in the brain, which decreases heart rate and blood pressure. Cortisol is a hormone that is released during stressful situations. High cortisol levels have been linked to insomnia, anxiety and depression. Serotonin is a neurotransmitter that helps regulate the body's sleep-wake cycles and the internal clock. It is commonly called 'the happy chemical' as it's been linked to wellbeing and happiness. Melatonin is the primary hormone involved in making the body fall asleep and stay asleep. Many Americans take melatonin supplements to treat insomnia. According to the American Sleep Association (ASA), 50 to 70 million people in the US suffer from sleep disorders. An ASA survey identified common sleep problems in American adults: Objectively, when participants in the Swedish study used the weighted blanket, they had a calmer night's sleep, with fewer nighttime movements. Subjectively, participants reported that using the blanket provided them with a more comfortable, better quality, and more secure sleep. According to the American Sleep Association (ASA), 50 to 70 million people in the US suffer from sleep disorders. The most common specific sleep disorder is insomnia, with 30 percent of adults reporting short term issues and 10 percent report chronic insomnia. Seventy percent of adults report having trouble falling asleep at least one night per week. Not getting enough sleep - seven to nine hours for adults as recommended by the ASA - can decrease productivity during the day and lead to long-term health problems such as diabetes, obesity, and even heart disease. Additionally, 40 million adults in the US suffer from some form of anxiety which can have similar effects on a person's health. A similar study by the University of Massachusetts Amherst published in 2008 tested the effectiveness of a 30lb weighted blanket among 32 participants. The data revealed that 63 percent of participants reported lower anxiety after use and 78 percent preferred it as a calming mechanism. The blanket also lowered electrodermal activity (EDA), the amount of electricity on the skin, by 33 percent. In other studies lower EDA has been linked to higher quality sleep. Occupational therapist Dr Tina Champagne began using weighted blankets in treatment of adults with mental-health disorders in 1999. According to Dr Champagne's website, using a weighted blanket gives patients a way to soothe themselves and stay grounded. Among the handful of companies selling the weighted blankets, one called Gravity launched a Kickstarter fundraising campaign for its model in April of last year. The campaign, which ended Tuesday, raised $4,729,263, making it one of the top 20 most successful Kickstarters of all time. The company claimed that the blankets, which are weighted by small plastic pellets, could treat a variety of psychological ailments from insomnia to anxiety to PTSD. Shortly after the campaign launched, the brand came under fire from sleep experts who said the evidence to support the medical claims was scant. Additionally, the language violated Kickstarter's policy and went against FDA recommendations. The section in question read: 'The science behind Gravity reveals that it can be used to treat a variety of ailments, including insomnia, post-traumatic stress disorder, obsessive-compulsive disorder, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, as well as circumstantial stress and prolonged anxiety.' The company amended the description to say that the blanket could be used to help relieve the ailments rather than to 'treat' them and later deleted the section altogether. 
968964057666674696	2018-02-28 21:40:08	https://t.co/7MclrPjcTY	Giant 300,000-year-old hand axes that may have been used to cut up prey by a mystery ancestor are uncovered https://t.co/7MclrPjcTY	 Giant handaxes that are between 200,000 to 300,000 years old would have been used by mystery ancestors to cut up prey in prehistoric Europe, research suggests. Laboratory analyses indicate that the giant tools, found at Porto Maior, northwest Spain, were used to process hard materials such wood and carcasses. While these tools were being used in one area, a different stone tradition (Early Middle Palaeolithic) was present in Iberia. Scientists believe this reinforces the idea human groups from different origins and evolutionary stages coexisted when Neanderthals first started to emerge. Researchers say that although they are double the size of most handaxes the Neanderthals or near modern human sapiens species that used them would have been no larger than humans today. Scroll down for video The archaeological site at Porto Maior is home to these ancient tools which were part of the Acheulean culture. 'This is an interesting time in human evolution', Dr Chris Lepre, a researcher at Lamont-Doherty and teaching professor at Rutgers University told MailOnline. 'Broadly speaking these tools would have been used by something called 'archaic homo sapiens'. That may be a Neanderthal or a close almost near modern human sapiens species. 'There is evidence these species are coexisting in this area at the time', he said. Tools from the Acheulean cuture are characterised by symmetrically knapped stones and are the first sophisticated handaxe technology known in early Europe. While Acheulean sites are widespread across the continent, Porto Maior represents Europe's first extensive accumulation of large cutting tools (LCTs) in the Acheulean tradition. 'This is just another bit of evidence that shows some of these advanced behaviours such as making large handaxes are not something exclusive to one species', said Dr Lepre. 'Our predecessors were capable of a wider range of behaviours than previously thought', he said. Until now, such high densities of LCTs had only been found in Africa. 'Porto Maior introduces further complexity to this overlapping technological pattern, and suggests that distinct early human populations of different geographical origins coexisted during the Middle Pleistocene (between 773,000 and 125,000 years ago)', researchers, led by Dr Martina Demuro, a research fellow at the University of Adelaide wrote in the Conversation. It is hard for scientists to say precisely when humans started making tools because the more primitive remains look like a natural object rather than a human artefact. The oldest-known instruments are the Oldowan stone tools from Ethiopia, which date back about 2.6 million years. The Acheulean tool technology period - up to 1.76 million years ago - featured large stone hand axes made from flint and quartzite. Towards the end of this period, the tools became more refined and then followed the so-called Levallois technique, which saw the creation of scrapers, slicers, needled and flattened needles. About 50,000 years ago more refined and specialised flint tools were made and used by Neanderthals and it is believed it was at this stage tools were constructed out of bone. As human culture advanced, artefacts such as fish hooks, buttons and bone needles were used. Cut marks have found on animal bones that have been dated to be 3.4 million years old - around the time that a squat ape-like ancestor called Australopithecus afarensis - known as Lucy - roamed Africa. In total, 3,698 discarded artefacts were recovered from river sediments at the site, 101 of which were LCTs that were on average 18cm long with a maximum length of 27cm. This is exceptionally large considering most handazes are typically 8-15cm long. 'Conventional interpretation of such large handaxes usually focuses on the idea that they were used for ceremonial purposes', Dr Lepre said. 'Normally when we see exceptionally large tools they are not use for digging or processing food. They are symbolic. However, Dr Lepre dismissed the idea that these giant tools could have belonged to larger people. 'There's not much evolution of the human body going on since then - most of what you see today was present back then. Our size and statue has not changed'. At 9.5 pieces per m², the density of the Acheulean stone tool accumulation is one of the highest recorded globally. 'The Spanish site of Porto Maior clearly resembles extensive accumulations of very large tools previously only seen in Africa and the Near East', researchers wrote. 'These similarities reinforce the idea of an African origin for the Acheulean tradition of southwest Europe.' Researchers used post-infrared infrared stimulaed luminescence dating and electron spin resonance to date the tools. This technique provided researchers with an estimate of the last time sand grains in the sedient was exposed to sunlight. This gives an idea of when the site was last occupied. 'The specific type of Acheulean tools described at Porto Maior is exclusive to southwest Europe, suggesting that the technology was brought into the region by an 'intrusive' population', researchers wrote. 'The age of Porto Maior is consistent with previous findings from Iberia that suggest that the Acheulean culture experienced an expansion in the region between 400,000 to 200,000 years ago.' 'While it is clear that more human fossil and stone tool sites need to be reliably dated across the region, a picture appears to be emerging of a turbulent 'Game of Thrones' style scenario of hominin evolution in Eurasia during the Middle Pleistocene period', researchers wrote. 
968959002070671360	2018-02-28 21:20:03	https://t.co/RSNi2mmRXl	Body of newborn baby is found buried under a pile of COW DUNG in a village in India https://t.co/RSNi2mmRXl	 A newborn baby has been found buried in cow dung in a rural village in India. The baby boy, believed to be no more than 24 hours old, was found dead under a pile of dung in an open field in a village in the Gonda district of Uttar Pradesh, in northern India. Local farmer Arjun Prasad, 35, was passing the area on his way to work and noticed something sticking out of the mud on Monday at 8am. He said: 'I was crossing our village when I spotted a pyramid created out of cow dung. I could see something unusual coming out of it. 'I went over and started clearing it with my feet to understand what it was and I was shocked to see the results. I spotted a newborn child lying there, dead.' Arjun ran back to the village and informed locals, who then called the police. Locals quickly gathered to see the newborn lying lifeless in the cow dung. Eventually one person pulled out the child and cleaned him. 'We were shocked to see the cruelty of the parents who decided to dump their child like this. We suspect the child was just a few hours old as the umbilical cord was still attached to him,' Arjun added. 'It was very sad, and it affected us all for the rest of the day.' The police started an investigation immediately and are currently trying to find the parents and person responsible. Station Officer Priyamvad Mishra, from Gonda Police Station, said: 'Villagers informed us about the incident. 'The baby was dead when we reached the spot. We have sent the body for a post-mortem and we are waiting for the results to confirm the cause of death. 'The investigation has started and we suspect an outsider has possibly dumped their newborn in the cow dung in this village as there is no suspicion among locals in their own village. 'The child was possibly dumped on Sunday night and was found the next morning. We are now interviewing people in neighbouring villages.' 
968953963922980865	2018-02-28 21:00:01	https://t.co/lCQHV86Cxr	Improve your posture in 20 minutes: The Pilates workout to stop slouchinghttps://t.co/lCQHV86Cxr	 Pilates is gaining popularity as a fitness trend, and for good reason. Experts say the yoga-like stretching exercises help strengthen the bones and muscles and boost quality of life. Healthista have teamed up with David Kingsbury, founder of boutique gym OPUS to create a 3-part series of 20-minute Pilates workouts for strength, posture and tone. If you are trying to develop strength while toning in your training and looking to improve balance, posture and flexibility all at the same time, then Pilates is a low impact workout that could be missing in your fitness program. Founder of London gym, OPUS, David Kingsbury has put together three selective workouts that don’t require equipment and can be done at home. Scroll down for full video Pilates is a perfect fit for working out the many muscles involved in good posture Improving posture isn’t an easy task, but a Pilates-based exercises are often the most effective tools in your box. You often require no equipment and the exercises can be done anywhere with very little space and only a shorty commitment. The aim here is to stretch out the large muscles in the legs and back using movements that extend the legs and straighten and strengthen the back. Because we are enforcing stretches with these big muscle groups we can also expect to improve our flexibility. 1. Cat-cow stretch strengthens the spine and neck in two steps 2. Stretching out your shoulder blades improves posture and flexibility 3. Engage the core muscles that support your back with Pilates abs exercises 4. Bridges and reverse planks work your lower back and help stabilize your core Follow along to David's full Pilates workout for Healthista Reproduced with permission of Healthista 
968948964727885830	2018-02-28 20:40:10	https://t.co/xxEN7pZ6Kj	End to wrinkles? Computer model that looks at what causes laughter lines could finally help get rid of them https://t.co/xxEN7pZ6Kj	 Wrinkles, crow's feet and laughter lines could become a thing of the past thanks to 3D modelling. A computer programme has developed that looks at how the upper layers of the skin fold to form wrinkles. It found that drier skin plays a major role in the development of the unwanted signs of ageing. By looking at how the wrinkles form in the first place, researchers hope to develop treatments to remove the unwanted creases. 'Besides its critical physiological functions as a biochemical barrier, this very thin layer plays a key role in determining the characteristics of skin micro-wrinkles, even in younger people,' said Dr Limbert. Moisture levels in our skin play a major role in the development of wrinkles - particularly micro-wrinkles at the surface which eventually become much deeper, larger and more visible. This happens when the outermost skin layer - the stratum corneum - a 10-20 micrometres assembly of dead cells - becomes dryer. This can happen as a result of dryer environmental conditions - such as in a heated room or during a long-haul flight. 'As relative humidity drops, this outer layer – the stratum corneum – becomes dryer and stiffer,' Dr Limbert says. 'When this happens, the micro-wrinkles at the surface of the skin, induced by facial muscle actions like smiling, become much deeper, larger and, therefore, more visible. 'This can happen in a matter of a few hours so the immediate answer – and one we all know – is to keep our skin hydrated in order to minimise the creation of micro-wrinkles.' Previous attempts at keeping skin hydrated have involved biochemical approaches, such as creams. Using the 3D images created by the computer modelling system, Dr Limbert believes we will soon be bale to reverse the visible side-effects of ageing. 'We have quantitative computer models that can help scientists to gain a deeper understanding of how certain types of skin wrinkles arise and, therefore, how we can exploit this knowledge to design innovative preventive and treatment solutions that can delay and mitigate the effects of ageing on our skin,' he said. Wrinkles are creases, folds, or ridges in the skin. They normally appear as people get older, but they can also develop after spending a long time in water. The first wrinkles to appear on a person's face tend to occur as a result of facial expressions. A tendency to laugh, frown or glare in a certain way can amplify creases in particular regions. Laughter lines and crows feet tend to be formed from smiling and forehead furrows originate from frowning. Sun damage, smoking, dehydration, some medications, and environmental and genetic factors also affect when and where people will develop wrinkles. Most wrinkles tend to appear in the parts of the body which receive the most sun exposure, especially the face and neck, the back of the hands, and the arms. The upper layer of skin has to renew regularly as it is made of dead cells. As you get older, it takes longer for your epidermis to renew itself - and it shows more and more signs of your age. Working with colleagues at Cape Town University in South Africa and Stanford University in California he applied a biomechanical perspective to understanding what causes wrinkles. By exploiting physics-based information from these models the researchers are hopeful industry will soon begin designing innovative preventive and longer-term treatment solutions that could delay the effects of ageing on our skin. Dr Limbert concludes. 'The underlying mechanical principles that condition the morphologies and patterns of wrinkles are essential in evaluating, and ultimately, predicting, how an ageing or aged skin interacts with its environment. 'This also holds the promise to provide fundamental insights into the physiology and biophysics of skin in health, disease and ageing.' 
968943793906044929	2018-02-28 20:19:37	https://t.co/JvwUH82Yc2	Tourist suffers horrific injuries after falling off a 115ft cliff while going after his drone at Bali tourist spot https://t.co/JvwUH82Yc2	 Terrifying footage has been released of a bloodied tourist writhing in pain after slipping and falling off a 115ft cliff in Bali on Tuesday. The Mexican holidaymaker, named Reinier, reportedly fell down the cliff as he was trying to recover a drone. Footage shows him clutching his arm and moaning in pain after splitting his head open in the fall off the cliff in Uluwatu, south of Kuta. Paramedics arrived and he was then carried up the cliffs to be rushed to hospital in the Uluwatu district of the island. Video footage, which was posted to Facebook, shows at least eight local men working together to carry the seriously injured tourist down the rest of the steep cliff to a boat waiting at the shoreline. The men can be seen navigating their way down large rocks while carrying the tourist on a stretcher. Large waves are heard smashing against the rocks as the group works its way down to the swelling tide. Luckman Angga said: ''The man was looking for his drone that fell down the cliff. He was desperate to find it. 'He kept going until finally he slipped down. He was badly hurt with a lot of blood coming from his head. 'Thanks to the local citizens and emergency workers. Without their work it would have not been possible to evacuate the man so quickly from the extremely difficult surroundings.'' The tourist was transferred to a hospital in the Kuta region of Bali where he is still recovering today. Friend Julia Rosa, who has started a GoFundMe page for him, said: 'Our Mexican friend Reinier fell off a cliff in Uluwatu, Bali yesterday. 'He is severely injured and was rescued by the lifeguards boat in Padang Padang and was then brought to BIMC Hospital in Nusa Dua. 'He needs three major surgeries as his scalp is open, his arm is severely damaged and he has broken facial bones. 
968938511834517504	2018-02-28 19:58:37	https://t.co/AOraKCcN10	This is what happens to your brain in the last minutes before you die https://t.co/AOraKCcN10	 A wave of electrical activity in our brains called 'spreading depression' appears to mark the final moment before death, researchers have found. Experts examining brain activity in dying patients observed a flurry of activity that appears to precede the fatal shutdown of our most vital organ. The finding suggests that consciousness may still be present for many minutes after the rest of the body has stopped showing signs of life, raising the possibility that for up to five minutes, the process of the brain shutting down could be reversed. Scroll down for video A team of neurologists, including from the Charité–Universitätsmedizin Berlin, continuously monitored electrical signals in the brains of of nine people as they died. Each of the patients - from Berlin, Germany, and Cincinnati, Ohio - had received fatal brain injuries and had 'do not resuscitate' orders. Experts hoped that, by implanting electrodes in the brains of their test subjects, they could uncover the mechanisms and timing of events during the process of dying. They found that even five minutes after a person's heart stops beating their brain cells, or neurons, may still function. But a wave of 'spreading depression' marked the moment that these neurons shutdown before their final, irreversible death. In a written statement lead author Dr Jens Dreier of Universitätsmedizin Berlin said: 'After circulatory arrest, spreading depolarization marks the loss of stored electrochemical energy in brain cells and the onset of toxic processes that eventually lead to death. 'Importantly, it is reversible – up to a point – when the circulation is restored.' Cells die when blood stops flowing, depriving them of the oxygen they need as fuel to function. Scientists reported in October 2017 that they had discovered a person's consciousness continues to work after the body has stopped showing signs of life. That means they may be aware of their own death and there is evidence to suggest someone who has died may even hear their own death being announced by medics. A team from New York University Langone School of Medicine investigated the topic through twin studies in Europe and the US of people who have suffered cardiac arrest and 'come back' to life, in the largest study of its kind. Study author Dr Sam Parnia told Live Science: 'They'll describe watching doctors and nurses working and they'll describe having awareness of full conversations, of visual things that were going on, that would otherwise not be known to them.' He said these recollections were then verified by medical and nursing staff who reported their patients, who were technically dead, could remember details of what they were saying. Doctors define death based on when the heart no longer beats, which then immediately cuts off blood supply to the brain. Once that happens, blood no longer circulates to the brain, which means brain function halts almost instantaneously. You lose all your brain stem reflexes, including your gag reflex and your pupil reflex. The brain's cerebral cortex, which is responsible for thinking and processing information from the five senses, also instantly flatlines. This means that within two to 20 seconds, no brainwaves will be detected on an electric monitor. This sparks a chain reaction of cellular processes that will result in the death of brain cells. However this can take hours after the heart has stopped, researchers said. When this happens, brain cells draw on energy reserves for a few minutes before they shut down completely. This happens when the mechanisms that neurons use to keep ions separated start to fail. Ions are electrically charged particles formed when atoms lose or gain electrons. The breakdown of the barriers between these particles releases a massive amount of electrochemical energy into the brain as neurons frantically attempt to draw in fuel. This process, known as spreading depolarisation or spreading depression, is marked by hyperactivity in the neurons, followed by a sudden silence. However, this silence only marks the final countdown to death and may be reversed for a period, researchers found. Exactly how long this remains the case is still open to debate. A final 'wave' of spreading depression seems to mark the point at which neurons have fired for the last time, although the research team warned that this may still be an unreliable marker for true death. 'The chemical changes that lead to death begin with depolarization,' Dr Jed Hartings of the University of University of Cincinnati's College of Medicine and a member of the research team told Newsweek. 'We've never had a method to diagnose brain death, and we don't have a way to be certain when all capacity for awareness is lost.' While the study doesn't have a direct effect on patient care today, it may lead to improved diagnostic and treatment procedures in the future. The findings may be helpful for developing strategies for dealing with cardiac arrest and stroke that complement efforts to reestablish circulation. They may also inform the debate on organ donation after cardio death, where death is declared between two and ten minutes after the heart stops beating. The full findings were published in the journal Annals of Neurology.
968933107222089728	2018-02-28 19:37:09	https://t.co/bMZTaqqaDP	Unconscious cat rescued from blazing building is brought back to life after firefighters give it oxygen https://t.co/bMZTaqqaDP	 This is the heartwarming moment firefighters revive a woman's pet cat by giving it oxygen and a chest massage after it was trapped in a blazing block of flats. The ginger cat was the last living soul found in the building in the city of Volgograd, in south-western Russia's Volgograd Oblast region, where fire crews fought for four hours to contain the blaze. The feline was discovered unconscious in a hallway and its seemingly lifeless body was carried outside in the arms of a firefighter. However, as firemen massaged its chest and then opened the valve on a canister of oxygen close to its mouth, the little animal began to stir. Its owner broke down with tears of joy when she saw her pet being revived. The woman, whose name has not been released, could not stop hugging the cat and thanking firemen for their efforts once she had it back in her arms. She lived in the flat next door to the one where the fire started. The blaze was so fierce that all residents in that part of the block were evacuated. Police and fire brigade inspectors are investigating the cause of the fire, which claimed three lives. Volgograd, formerly Stalingrad, is famous for its resistance during the Battle of Stalingrad, often regarded as the largest and bloodiest battle in the history of warfare, in the Second World War.
968928493995208709	2018-02-28 19:18:49	https://t.co/pjK9KurIEO	Rome will ban all diesel vehicles from 2024 https://t.co/pjK9KurIEO	 Rome is planning on banning diesel cars from its city centre by 2024, its mayor announced this week. The Italian capital is one of Europe's most traffic-clogged cities and home to thousands of ancient outdoor monuments threatened by pollution. The news came after a court ruling in Germany that cities there can ban the most heavily polluting diesel cars from their streets. Mayor Virginia Raggi announced the decision on her Facebook page on Tuesday, saying: 'If we want to intervene seriously, we have to have the courage to adopt strong measures'. About two-thirds of the 1.8 million new cars sold in Italy last year were diesel, according to industry figures. Rome has no major industries, so nearly all of the air pollution in the Italian capital is caused by motor vehicles. The city regularly tries to ban older, more polluting vehicles from roads on days when pollution reaches critical levels. It has also tried to reduce pollution by allowing only cars whose number plates end in either odd or even numbers to circulate on alternate days. But both regulations are widely flouted and lightly enforced by traffic police. To skirt the alternate days regulation, many families buy a used car with a different number plate. Apart from health issues, pollution from combustion engines causes severe damage to Rome's many ancient outdoor monuments. According to a study last year by a branch of the culture ministry, 3,600 stone monuments and 60 bronze sculptures risk serious deterioration because of air pollution. Ahead of celebrations marking the start of the new millennium in 2000, the darkened facade of St. Peter's Basilica at the Vatican was cleaned as part of a project that lasted several years. But fresh signs of pollution-related stains are visible again. Before the German court's ruling on Tuesday, officials in highly industrialised Milan, in northern Italy, had already announced plans to make the city diesel free by 2030.
968924033428475905	2018-02-28 19:01:05	https://t.co/AxbhlucowG	Doctor 'drove around with a dead dog stuck in his car grill for DAYS' after running it over in Russia https://t.co/AxbhlucowG	 A Russian doctor has been accused of driving around a southwestern city for several days with a dead dog wedged in the front of his car. Dr Valery Piskovets, who is also a politician, allegedly ran down the stray in Taganrog, near the Ukraine border by the Black Sea. Witnesses claim that the impact did not kill the animal straight away, and say that for a time Dr Piskovets was driving around with the dog still alive. A video shows the dead dog stuck in the grill of a parked white car, which is said to belong to Mr Piskovets. Victoria Taranenko, who filmed the shocking sight, said: 'A bastard is driving around the city who knocked over a dog with his car and didn't even bother pulling the poor creature out after it got stuck in the bumper of his car. 'The dog was still alive when he knocked it down. 'Many witnesses confirmed that he had been driving with the dog's body like this for several days.' However, she denied claims the stray might still be alive today. 'A dog can't be asleep for several days in the same position, baring its teeth like only a dead animal,' she said. Police said: 'A woman complained about a case of animal cruelty that she witnessed. 'Police accepted her claim and started checks.' They established that the Nissan Tiida belonged to doctor and local politician Valery Piskovets, believed to be in his 40s, a member of Russia's ruling United Russia party. He is a councillor in his district close to Taganrog, on the Azov Sea. Investigations are underway, said police. Dr Piskovets said: 'I am too busy to comment now. I am talking to prosecutors, and to police. We are calmly going through the motions.' He was quoted by a blogger as adding: 'It happened about a week ago. 'Within an hour this event had turned into some murky situation.' Asked how the dog became trapped in the front of his car, he said: 'I've got no clue.' He refused to comment further, saying he was 'extremely busy'. 
968919010413809669	2018-02-28 18:41:08	https://t.co/hZvtqm9cR3	Italian mafia are feared to have killed journalist shot dead alongside his girlfriend https://t.co/hZvtqm9cR3	 A journalist shot dead in Slovakia was working on a story about the activities of Italian mafia in his country and their links to people close to Prime Minister Robert Fico. Jan Kuciak's Aktuality.sk news website published his last, unfinished story on Wednesday. It describes the activities of members of the Italian 'Ndrangheta criminal group in eastern Slovakia, and the business ties between one of them, a senior assistant to Mr Fico and another official close to him. The bodies of 27-year-old Mr Kuciak and his girlfriend, Martina Kusnirova, were found on Sunday evening in their house in Velka Maca, east of the capital, Bratislava. Mr Kuciak is the first journalist to be killed in Slovakia. In his story he described, among oheather details, the activities in agriculture, real estate and other sectors of a Slovakia-based Italian man believed to belong to the criminal group. He also detailed the man's business ties to Maria Troskova, a former model who is now the chief state adviser at the government office, and Viliam Jasan, who currently serves as the secretary of Slovakia's security council, a body that deals with key security issues. After the first details of the story appeared in Aktuality.sk and a newspaper, Sme, on Tuesday, Mr Fico dismissed the reports. 'You link innocent people to a double murder without any evidence. Don't do it,' he said. Mr Fico has announced his government was offering a million euros (£880,000) to anyone who helps authorities find those behind the killings. The opposition has called on national police force president Tibor Gaspar and interior minister Robert Kalinak to resign It is planning a protest rally in Bratislava for later on Wednesday. Students plan to march in honour of Mr Kuciak in a number of Slovakian cities on Friday. Aktuality.sk said Mr Kuciak co-operated on the story with the Czech Centre for Investigative Journalism, the Investigative Reporting Project Italy and the international Organised Crime and Corruption Reporting Project. The Czech centre said it had been working with Mr Kuciak for more than 18 months. 
968911492283359233	2018-02-28 18:11:15	https://t.co/saPUNgn78U	Breastfeeding reduces women's risk of heart disease for up to 15 years, study finds https://t.co/saPUNgn78U	 Breastfeeding reduces women's risk of heart disease for up to 15 years, new research suggests. Among women who had a healthy blood pressure during their pregnancies, breastfeeding for six months or longer significantly increases their so-called 'good cholesterol' levels, as well as lowering their amounts of circulating fat, a study found today. Feeding naturally also reduces the thickness of the carotid artery, the research adds. This supplies the head and neck with oxygen-rich blood, with wider diameters being associated with stroke. Lead author Dr Malamo Countouris from the University of Pittsburgh, said: 'The study adds to the evidence that lactation is important not just for the baby but for the mother. 'Breastfeeding seems to be cardioprotective in these women, as evidenced by improved cholesterol and markers of subclinical cardiovascular disease.' According to the researchers, breastfeeding stimulates the release of the hormone oxytocin, which may play a role in lowering blood pressure. Around 80 percent of babies born in the US are breastfed to some extent. High blood pressure during pregnancy, known as pre-eclampsia, affects around three per cent of expectant mothers in the US. Breastfeeding reduces a woman's risk of breast cancer, a report suggested in August 2017. For every five months a woman breastfeeds, her risk of developing breast cancer is lowered by two percent, a study review found. Researchers believe breastfeeding protects women against the condition as it makes them temporarily stop getting periods, which reduces their lifetime exposure to the hormone estrogen. High estrogen levels have previously been linked to developing breast cancer. Breastfeeding may also help to remove cells with damaged DNA that could otherwise lead to tumor onset. The researchers, from the American Institute for Cancer Research (AICR) and the World Cancer Research Fund, analysed 18 studies that examined breastfeeding. Of these, 13 investigated the effects of the length of time spent lactating. The report also found that carrying excess weight after menopause increases a woman's risk of developing the condition, yet it is protective while women are still able to conceive. For both pre- and postmenopausal women, alcohol increases their risk of breast cancer and exercise reduces it, the report adds. Babies who are breastfed are also less likely to gain weight in later life, the study found. Study author Alice Bender said: 'It isn't always possible for moms to breastfeed but for those who can, know that breastfeeding can offer cancer protection for both the mother and the child.' No benefit among those with high blood pressure Speaking of the findings, Dr Countouris said: 'There's a lot we still don't understand about the accumulation of cardiovascular risks in women. 'Examining how pregnancy may increase or perhaps mitigate some of that risk can give us insights into the unique presentation and development of heart disease risk in women.' Results further suggested no evidence of breastfeeding providing a heart-health benefit among those who had high blood pressure while pregnant. Dr Countouris believes this may be due to the study's size being too small. The researchers add future studies assessing the link between breastfeeding and heart health in women should be longer than the current trial. How the research was carried out The researchers analysed 678 pregnant women who were recruited from 52 clinics across Michigan between 1998 and 2004. The women were then followed in a health assessment that lasted between seven and 15 years. During the evaluation, the women were asked how long they breastfed for during each of their pregnancies. Their blood pressure, cholesterol and circulating fat levels were also measured, as well as the diameter and thickness of their carotid arteries. Of the participants, 157 never breastfed, 284 breastfed for six months or less and 133 did so for at least half a year. The women were also separated according to their blood pressure levels during pregnancy. The findings were presented at the American College of Cardiology's 67th Annual Scientific Session. Breastfeeding reduces women's risk of pain after a c-section This comes after research released in June last year suggested breastfeeding reduces the discomfort of painful Caesarean sections. Mothers who breastfeed for at least two months after a c-section are three times less likely to experience persistent pain than those who do so for a shorter period of time, the study by Our Lady of Valme hospital in Seville found. Some 23 percent of women who breastfeed for under two months report pain at the site of their c-section versus just eight percent who do so for longer, the research adds. Anxiety significantly increases a woman's risk of suffering discomfort after the operation, the study also suggested. Caesarean sections make up around 25 percent of all births in the UK and US. One in five mothers undergoing the procedure suffer pain that lasts beyond three months. 
968906420459655168	2018-02-28 17:51:06	https://t.co/zbgfJFldOT	Chinese woman dies after tripping over her luggage and getting her neck stuck in a FENCE https://t.co/zbgfJFldOT	 A young woman died after getting her neck trapped in a pedestrian fence as she tripped over her luggage in central China. Her face turned purple and suffocated while being trapped between two metal bars about a hand width apart. The incident has caused an outcry online as web users complained that no improvement has been made following a number of similar accidents. According to Chutian Metropolitan Daily, the young woman tripped over her luggage when she got off a bus at Huangpu in Hankou city, Hubei Province on February 27. Photos emerged shows the woman, said to be in her twenties, wearing a white down jacket, a black cap and a black-framed glasses, has her neck trapped in a U-shaped fence behind a bus stop. Huangpu Police and paramedics arrived 16 minutes after the incident. The woman was pronounced dead at the scene. Paramedics removed her body after the police officers cut off a section of the fence. The fence is a standardised U-shaped fence that is commonly used across the country in China. It is about one-metre-tall (3.3ft), however, the space between each panel is only about a palm's width, according to the report. Web users commented that such accident often happen and blamed the government for not improving the design of the fence. In March, 2016, a pregnant woman lost her life as she got her neck trapped in a fence, same shape as the one in the Huangpu incident. One pensioner died as his head got stuck in a fence in Beijing in summer, 2015. Medical experts from No.1 Affilated Hospital of Xi'an Jiatong University told the reporters that the fall could damage the carotid arteries that supply blood to the brain. A person could die if there is no blood pumped to the brain for over five minutes.
968903888874110976	2018-02-28 17:41:03	https://t.co/MminHj2FiG	Amazon buys smart doorbell firm Ring for $1billion to deliver packages inside your home while you're away https://t.co/MminHj2FiG	 Amazon has bought home security startup Ring for £700 million ($1 billion) in a move that could help the internet giant's delivery arm reach into people's homes. Ring's doorbells capture video that can be streamed on your smartphone and other devices, and allow you to chat remotely to those standing at your door. The security devices could work well with Amazon Key, a smart lock and camera system that lets delivery personnel put packages inside a home to avoid theft or, in the case of fresh food, spoiling. 'We're excited to work with this talented team and help them in their mission to keep homes safe and secure,' an Amazon spokesperson said. Ring promotes its gadgets as a way to catch package thieves, a nuisance that Amazon has been looking to remedy. Financial terms of the acquisition were not disclosed, but online reports valued the deal at more than £700 million ($1 billion). Currently, Ring devices can integrate with Amazon's voice-controlled assistant Alexa. Users of Amazon's Echo Show device can say, 'Alexa, show my front door' to receive a live feed of activity around their home via Ring cameras. The deal creates potential for much more, analysts said. Amazon has bought home security startup Ring for a reported £700 million ($1 billion). The home security startup sells doorbells that capture video and audio. Clips can be streamed on smartphones and other devices, while the doorbell even allows homeowners to remotely chat to those standing at their door. Ring promotes its gadgets as a way to catch package thieves, a nuisance that Amazon has been looking to remedy. Amazon late last year unveiled its own smart lock and camera combination called Amazon Key in a move into home security. Key is designed to provide a secure and trackable way for packages to be delivered inside homes when people aren't there. Ring's doorbell could work well with Amazon Key, which lets delivery personnel put packages inside a home to avoid theft or, in the case of fresh food, spoiling. California-based Ring first caught the spotlight with a failed quest for funding about five years ago on reality television show Shark Tank. Ring went on to win backing from the likes of billionaire Richard Branson and Amazon's Alexa Fund. 'Amazon more than Ring can revolutionise home security,' Wedbush Securities analyst Michael Pachter said. Ring is set to be one of Amazon's most expensive takeovers, after its £9.9 billion ($13.7 billion) deal last year for Whole Foods Market. 'Ring is committed to our mission to reduce crime in neighbourhoods by providing effective yet affordable home security tools to our neighbours that make a positive impact on our homes, our communities and the world,' Ring said in a statement. 'We look forward to being a part of the Amazon team as we work toward our vision for safer neighbourhoods.' California-based Ring first caught the spotlight with a failed quest for funding about five years ago on reality television show Shark Tank. Ring went on to win backing from the likes of billionaire Richard Branson and Amazon's Alexa Fund. Amazon late last year unveiled a smart lock and camera combination in a move into home security. 'Amazon Key' is available exclusively to members of the internet giant's Prime subscription service in an array of US cities. Key is designed to provide a secure and trackable way for packages to be delivered inside homes when people aren't there. Each Key kit includes an Amazon Cloud Cam synched to the internet and a smart door lock. Prime members with the service can use a smartphone application to track packages and then watch deliveries happening or review video of in-home dropoffs. Key allows someone making a delivery to request access to the recipient's home, with Amazon checking to make sure the proper driver is at the right location at the intended time before unlocking doors, according to a description of the service. A Cloud Cam providing a view of the inside entryway spurs into action when doors are unlocked, recording a delivery. Delivery people are not given access codes, as unlocking doors is done online. The move into home security opened a new competitive front with Google's parent company Alphabet, owner of Nest Labs, which recently expanded its line of products aimed at that market.
968900664888872960	2018-02-28 17:28:14	https://t.co/D5TIgcDY7P	Restaurant diners brutally beat a waitress to the ground before smashing plates on her because of slow service https://t.co/D5TIgcDY7P	 This is the shocking moment a waitress gets slapped and beaten at by a group of disgruntled diners in southern China. The diners, about six or seven, were complaining that their food had arrived too slowly at their table. One man can be seen slapping the waitress in the face. The 48-year-old waitress did not sustain any severe injuries. The local policeman are carrying out further investigation. Surveillance camera footage shows the waitress, in red uniform, explaining to a male diner; however, the angry man slapped her in the face and caused a chaos in the restaurant. Beijing News reported that the incident happened in Tianxiake Chinese Restaurant in Hengyang, Hunan Province at 7:42pm on February 25. One female diner grabs the waitress's hair and beats her in the head, video shows. Ms Li, the manager of the restaurant explained that her worker was telling the diner to be patient while the dishes were being prepared. 'The diners were angry and complained that they had been waiting for a long time. One man was telling another group of diners that the dishes were too expensive,' she mentioned. A few other women were throwing cups and dishes at the worker. According to Ms Li, the waitress has been working in the restaurant for two years and has been doing a good job at her role. The unnamed waitress was being taken to a hospital for treatment. The restaurant manager had contacted Hengyang Police to help tracking down the outraged diners. The restaurant owner told the injured waitress's family that one of the attackers, surnamed Zhang, was found and passed onto the police for further investigation.
968898888324218883	2018-02-28 17:21:10	https://t.co/HJGTRuLsp5	Villagers battle to save dog from a giant anaconda after seeing it thrashing in the water https://t.co/HJGTRuLsp5	 The moment a dog is saved by Brazilian villagers from being killed by an anaconda has been captured on video. At the beginning of the footage, the dog with the deadly snake wrapped around it can be seen by the riverbank. According to Andrew Barao, who posted the video, the dog went missing from a farm and after a search it was spotted about to become an ‘afternoon snack’ for an anaconda. He said the villagers then ‘rapidly’ moved into action to save the dog, which would almost certainly have been killed. In the video, a man from the village grabs the snake by the tail and is helped by another man as they both pull the snake, with the dog firmly in its grasp, out of the water. As the snake is dragged out of the water, the dog can clearly been seen with the serpent’s tail around its head. The pair are then dragged up the river bank along the grass, with the two men joined by another and all three begin shaking the snake in a bid to free the dog. One of the men then tries to pull the dog free from the snake before he eventually grabs a stick and begins hitting it. After a few hard whacks, the dog manages to scamper free and begins running around, barking at the snake. 
968891327764197376	2018-02-28 16:51:08	https://t.co/higDlR3ypR	World’s most widely used pesticides likely to face a total European ban after watchdog confirms they DO harm bees https://t.co/higDlR3ypR	 The most widely used pesticides are likely to be banned across the EU after a study revealed they do represent a risk to wild bees and honey bees. A new assessment confirming the dangers of three neonicotinoid pesticides on bees has prompted calls for a total ban on the use of the chemicals in the countryside. Use of the three pesticides is already restricted in the European Union on crops such as oil seed rape, because of the concerns they have 'sub-lethal' effects such as harming the bees' ability to forage and form colonies. Scroll down for video The assessment by the European Food Safety Authority (Efsa), which looked at the impacts on wild solitary bees and bumblebees as well as honeybees, has confirmed that most uses of the chemicals pose a risk to the insects. It updates a 2013 analysis which led to the European Commission imposing the controls on use of the substances. The European Commission has since proposed extending restrictions to only allow use on plants in greenhouses, extending the ban to crops such as sugar beet and winter cereals with seed treated with the chemicals. Environment Secretary Michael Gove has said a total ban in the countryside would be supported by the UK and kept in place after Brexit. Jose Tarazona, head of Efsa's pesticides unit, said that 'overall the risk to the three types of bees we have assessed is confirmed'. Neonicotinoids are neuro-active chemicals similar to nicotine that have proved to be highly effective at protecting crops from pests, especially aphids and root-eating grubs. They can either be sprayed on leaves or coated on seeds, in which case they infiltrate every part of the growing plant. Years of research have shown that under controlled conditions the chemicals are toxic to honey bees and bumblebees, causing brain damage that can affect learning and memory and impair their ability to forage for nectar and pollen. The chemicals are a key battleground in the environmental movement – with campaigners demanding a 'complete and permanent' ban on the pesticides as they are suspected to be harmful to bees. Only two to 20 per cent of the neonicotinoids, which are still used on crops such as wheat, are taken up and the rest is left on the soil. Samples taken in October revealed 75 per cent of samples from around the world contain the chemicals. Researchers tested 198 honey samples and found three out of four were laced with at least one of the neonicotinoid chemicals. For the study, an international team of European researchers tested almost 200 honey samples from around the world for residues left by five different neonicotinoids. While in most cases the levels were well below the EU safety limits for human consumption, there were exceptions. Honey from both Germany and Poland exceeded maximum residue levels (MRLs) for combined neonicotinoids while samples from Japan reached 45 per cent of the limits. Samples from England had neonicotinoid levels that were no more than 1.36 per cent of the amount thought to be safe for human consumption. Bees can be exposed to the pesticides by foraging on flowering crops in the field, from pollen and nectar which contain residues of the chemicals. They can also be exposed through plants in the vicinity of the crop which have been contaminated by dust drifting away from the field and through contaminated soil, Efsa said. Friends of the Earth called for an urgent outdoor ban on the chemicals, with campaigner Sandra Bell warning 'we have been playing Russian roulette with the future of our bees for far too long'. 'The UK Government has already said it will support a complete ban on the outdoor use of these three bee-harming chemicals – a move that is fully justified by this report. Other EU countries must now back a tougher ban too. She added: 'Ministers must also use their post-Brexit farming policy to help our farmers to work in harmony with nature – and not against it. 'This must include an overhaul of the pesticide approval process, and a reduction in their overall use.' Honeybees, both domestic and wild, provide about 80 percent of worldwide pollination, according to Greenpeace. But bee colony collapses around the world are threatening the work they do. Bees are dying from a combination of pesticides, habitat destruction, drought, nutrition deficit, global warming and air pollution, among other factors. Greenpeace has reported: 'The bottom line is that we know humans are largely responsible for the two most prominent causes: pesticides and habitat loss.' This is important for a number of reasons, chief among them the amount of work bees put into our food production. Vegetables, nuts and fruits are pollinated by bees. Of the top human food crops, a whopping 70 of 100 are pollinated by the creatures, which are make possible 90 percent of global nutrition. Greenpeace has suggested the following solutions to the problem: Commenting on the report, Dr Philip Donkersley from Lancaster University, said: 'All three neonicotinoids evaluated here show high risk for exposing bumblebees through the pollen and nectar that they feed on. 'This exposure affects solitary bee reproduction, colony viability and learning ability in bumblebees.' Professor Christopher Connolly, from the University of Dundee, said the study showed high risks did not come from direct contact to non-flowering crops, but from indirect exposure in field margins and nearby crops or those grown afterwards. He warned the greatest risk to bees was from ongoing exposure due to the persistence of the pesticides and their transfer to other flowering plants, and constant low-level pollution could also increase the resistance of pests to the chemicals. 'A highly restricted use of neonicotinoids would reduce this environmental stress and retain neonicotinoids as important pest control agents for use in severe situations,' he suggested.
968888785072283648	2018-02-28 16:41:02	https://t.co/5Kegir0aqX	How to clean food stains off ANY type of couch (and there are very specific rules for different fabrics) https://t.co/5Kegir0aqX	 No matter how careful you are with protecting your couch from food stains, inevitably there will come a time when your furniture has something spilled on it. Now cleaning expert Melissa Maker, the author of Clean My Space has revealed to US-based magazine website The Kitchn how to remove even the toughest of stains from any type of couch, from leather to linen. And there are very specific cleaning rules for each type of fabric. 1. COTTON OR LINEN Melissa's advice is to use a specialist stain remover - but you can also make your own at home, she says. Simply mix one tablespoon of white vinegar with two thirds of a cup of rubbing alcohol, and sponge the solution onto the stain. Blot dry with a clean cloth until all the liquid is absorbed. Repeat until the stain disappears. 2. UNTREATED LEATHER Sprinkle a bit of baking powder, cornstarch or cornflour on the stain and let it stand for 15 minutes. Vaccum it, using a fabric brush attachment if you have one. Unfortunately, if there's still a stain, you will have to call in a professional. 3. COATED OR FINISHED LEATHER Blot as much of the stain as you can with a clean cloth or paper towel, and then wipe with a damp microfiber cloth. It should remove the stain, but if there's any left, use a specialist leather cleaner or conditioner product. 4. MICROFIBER Microfiber couches are more complicated to clean, and how you remove stains will depend on the type of microfiber you have. If there is a 'W' on the label, you'll need to use a water-based cleaning solution, so remove the stain in the same way you would for a cotton or linen sofa. If there's a 'S' on the label, don't use a water-based solution. Instead dab the stain with rubbing alcohol or vodka. If it has both letters, you can use either cleaning solutions. But if it has a X on the label, you can only remove stains by vaccuming. Scrape and blot as much as you can. Melissa's tip is to use an old toothbrush to break up and remove stains. 
968883778641973253	2018-02-28 16:21:08	https://t.co/XspAm99afO	WWII Korean sex slaves dumped after they were raped and killed by Japanese soldiers in horrifying footage https://t.co/XspAm99afO	 A WWII video showing the dead bodies of dozens of Korean sex slaves who had been raped and killed by Japanese troops was released for the first time yesterday. The victims were killed by Japanese soldiers at a Chinese village in 1944, according to reports from Korean media. These sex slaves - euphemistically referred to as 'comfort women' - had been brought to China by the Japanese army during the war to work at military brothels. The release of the footage was significant at this time because the government of Japan attempts to bury the issue, an expert told MailOnline. Mainstream historians say up to 200,000 women were forced to work in Japanese military brothels around Asia from 1932 until the end of World War II. The sex slaves were mostly from Korea. But many were also from China and South-east Asian countries. According to Korea Times, the never-before-seen footage was taken on September 15, 1944, in Tengchong, China's Yunnan Province. The Japanese army invaded the area in May, 1944, and lost their battle against the American and Chinese armies on September 13. Apparently, the sex slaves were killed by the Japanese on the last day of the battle. The shocking footage was released during a conference on sex slavery organised by the city government of Seoul, the capital of South Korea. In the 19-second clip, a soldier, said to be Chinese, could be seen taking a sock off a naked corpse. In another part of the video, smoke appears to rise from a large pile of dead bodies. The footage was discovered last year by a group of Korean scholars in American National Archives and Records Administration, reported Seoul-based Arirang News. According to the same report, more than 70 Korean women were brought to Tengchong by the Japanese troops. Only 23 of them survived after the American and Chinese armies won the battle. Kang Sung-hyun, a professor at Sungkonghoe University in Seoul, is quoted by Korea Herald as he commented on the significance of the footage. 'This video shows the situation and reality Korean comfort women faced at the end of the war at a time when the Japanese government denies the killing of comfort women by Japanese troops.' Park Won-soon, the Mayor of Seoul, is quoted saying: 'We know all too well we shouldn't repeat this tragic history and one part of remembering it is documenting it.' Hiroka Shoji, a researcher at the Amnesty International, said the video was published at crucial timing because Japan is yet to provide full and effective reparation to any individual who has suffered harm as the direct result of its military sexual slavery system. Researcher Shoji told MailOnline: 'The Japanese government has made a prolonged and determined effort to hide behind its legal position on the issue. 'Japan has continued to insist that any obligation to provide reparation was settled in the 1951 San Francisco Peace Treaty and other bilateral peace treaties and arrangements. 'This standing point has negatively impacted Japan’s relation with countries with survivors of Japan’s military sexual slavery system, including South Korea and China.' The plight of the 'comfort women' is a hugely emotional issue that has for decades marred ties between Japan and its neighbours, South Korea and China. In 2015, Tokyo and Seoul agreed to settle the contentious issue through a landmark deal. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe issued an apology and agreed to create a £6.7 million (1 billion yen) foundation to help provide support for the victims. A statement by both countries' foreign ministers said Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 'expresses anew his most sincere apologies and remorse to all the women who underwent immeasurable and painful experiences and suffered incurable physical and psychological wounds as comfort women'. According to researcher Shoji, the 2015 bilateral agreement between Tokyo and Seoul included a provision that the South Korean government should never again raise the issue and that a Peace Monument in Seoul commemorating the survivors of the military sexual slavery system be removed. 'Acknowledging these crimes under international law, and factually recording them in histories for future generations is an important step to ensure non-repetition and end impunity for crimes of sexual violence committed during armed conflicts,' said researcher Shoji. Last December, Seoul expressed doubts over the 2015 deal with Japan because of an election pledge made by the new government of President Moon Jae-In. President Moon promised to review the unpopular agreement - arranged by his now-jailed predecessor Park Geun-Hye. Most historians agree that as many as 200,000 women, mostly from Korea, were forced to work in Japanese military brothels during WWII. The plight of the women is a hugely emotional issue which continues to strain relations between South Korea and Japan today. For many South Koreans, the issue symbolises the abuses of Japan's 1910-45 colonial rule over the Korean Peninsula. The term 'comfort woman' comes from the Japanese euphemism 'jugun ianfu' which refers to women, of various ethnic and social circumstances, who became sex slaves for the Japanese troops before and during WWII. Military brothels existed across the Asia Pacific region in areas occupied by the Japanese forces, including China, the Korean Peninsula and a large part of South-east Asia. The women were forced to have sex with up to 50 Japanese soldiers a day as they were raped and sexually assaulted. Though around 80 per cent were Korean, women from China, Taiwan, the Philippines, Indonesia, Burma and the Pacific islands were also used as comfort women, according to a San Francisco State University report. The authorities believed the comfort system would enhance the morale of the military and help prevent soldiers from committing sexual violence toward women of occupied territories, which became a real concern after the infamous Nanjing Massacre in China in 1937. They were also concerned with the health of the troops, which prompted close supervision of the hygienic conditions in the comfort stations to help keep STDs under control. Meanwhile many of the women who worked in 'comfort stations' during WWII were given repeated injections of the syphilis treatment compound 606, which left many of them unable to have children. After the war, many of the women were brutally slaughtered and their story was untold until 1991. The only military tribunal concerning the sexual abuse of comfort women took place in Batavia - now Indonesian capital Jakarta - in 1948. Several Japanese military officers were convicted for having forced 35 Dutch women involved in the case into comfort stations. The issue only began to emerge in Korea only in the late 1980s. The Japanese government admitted deception, coercion and official involvement in the recruitment of comfort women in August 1993, but critics said they needed to go much further. 
968876428736565249	2018-02-28 15:51:56	https://t.co/dlukAOg6LF	Now snow causes chaos in SPAIN while 24 are killed in Arctic conditions sweeping Europe https://t.co/dlukAOg6LF	 At least 24 people have died across Europe as the continent remains in the grip of a Siberian cold snap that has seen snow fall in Spain and southern France. A woman in her 90s has been found dead in the snow at the gate of her retirement home in France while an 83-year-old in Romania was found buried under a drift in the streets. In total nine people have died in Poland, four in France, five in Lithuania, three in the Czech Republic, two in Romania and one in Italy. Cities across the continent have been providing emergency shelter and relief to rough sleepers who have accounted for most of the deaths as temperatures fell as low as -24C in parts of Germany and -29C in Estonia. Bilbao, Barcelona, Santander and San Sebastian in Spain all awoke to heavy flurries of snow on Wednesday as much of the northern part of the country suffered under an amber weather warning. Scroll down for video Meanwhile Montpellier in southern France also saw its beaches covered with snow with even the Mediterranean islands of Corsica and Capri getting a dusting. The frigid weather was set to continue Wednesday, with temperatures down to -12C expected in northern France and -6C in the usually mild south. More snow was forecast for Spain, including Catalonia where school transport has been cancelled. Classes have also been suspended in the Canary Islands which is being lashed by powerful winds. In Belgium, towns including Etterbeek, Verviers and Charleroi have resorted to ordering police to detain homeless people if they refuse to go to shelters. The Red Cross, which has set up emergency teams across Europe, urged people to keep an eye on neighbours and relatives. 'Just knocking on someone's door to check they have everything they need can make a huge difference. It could even be the difference between life and death,' it said. The charity also issued public appeals for 10,000 blankets in France, where about 50 local officials in the Paris region have vowed to spend Tuesday night outdoors to call attention to the plight of those with nowhere to sleep. 'The point is not to stage a show, but to denounce a system that isn't working,' said Mama Sy, a deputy mayor in the Paris suburb of Etampes. Paris authorities counted 3,000 rough-sleepers in the city's first-ever homeless census this month, warning it was likely significantly underestimated. In England, where heavy snow was dumped on London Tuesday, tabloids have dubbed the snap 'the Beast from the East', while the Dutch are calling it the 'Siberian bear' and Swedes the 'snow cannon'. British Airways cancelled roughly 60 flights in and out of London Heathrow airport. The Met Office forecaster said rural communities could be cut off for days by snowdrifts, warning of 'long interruptions to power supplies and other services such as telephone and mobile phone networks.' Some of the iciest conditions were reported in Italy, where many schools and daycare centres were closed, to the consternation of parents already preparing for closures next week linked to this weekend's general election. Italians' anger was also growing over nationwide disruptions to rail services as a lack of defrosting equipment on the tracks meant workers having to clear snow and ice by hand. In Naples, the airport was closed early Tuesday and bus services in the city halted because of ice, though the weather was getting warmer in Rome, where schools were expected to reopen Wednesday. A driver in Turin got a fright when an ice shard broke off from an overhead bridge and shattered his windshield - though he managed to keep control of his vehicle. Russia's Gazprom, a major gas supplier to Europe, said it had sent record exports to the continent over the past six days, peaking at 667 million cubic metres (23.6 billion cubic feet) on Monday as people turned up their thermostats.
968874658782236673	2018-02-28 15:44:54	https://t.co/Jux6bJrymW	Chinese pedestrian dies after tripping over her luggage and getting her neck stuck in a FENCE https://t.co/Jux6bJrymW	 A young woman died after getting her neck trapped in a pedestrian fence as she tripped over her luggage in central China. Her face turned purple and suffocated while being trapped between two metal bars about a hand width apart. The incident has caused an outcry online as web users complained that no improvement has been made following a number of similar accidents. According to Chutian Metropolitan Daily, the young woman tripped over her luggage when she got off a bus at Huangpu in Hankou city, Hubei Province on February 27. Photos emerged shows the woman, said to be in her twenties, wearing a white down jacket, a black cap and a black-framed glasses, has her neck trapped in a U-shaped fence behind a bus stop. Huangpu Police and paramedics arrived 16 minutes after the incident. The woman was pronounced dead at the scene. Paramedics removed her body after the police officers cut off a section of the fence. The fence is a standardised U-shaped fence that is commonly used across the country in China. It is about one-metre-tall (3.3ft), however, the space between each panel is only about a palm's width, according to the report. Web users commented that such accident often happen and blamed the government for not improving the design of the fence. In March, 2016, a pregnant woman lost her life as she got her neck trapped in a fence, same shape as the one in the Huangpu incident. One pensioner died as his head got stuck in a fence in Beijing in summer, 2015. Medical experts from No.1 Affilated Hospital of Xi'an Jiatong University told the reporters that the fall could damage the carotid arteries that supply blood to the brain. A person could die if there is no blood pumped to the brain for over five minutes.
968870716106997760	2018-02-28 15:29:14	https://t.co/jv2eyLYevk	Villagers battle to save a dog from a giant anaconda after seeing it thrashing in the water  https://t.co/jv2eyLYevk	 The moment a dog is saved by Brazilian villagers from being killed by an anaconda has been captured on video. At the beginning of the footage, the dog with the deadly snake wrapped around it can be seen by the riverbank. According to Andrew Barao, who posted the video, the dog went missing from a farm and after a search it was spotted about to become an ‘afternoon snack’ for an anaconda. He said the villagers then ‘rapidly’ moved into action to save the dog, which would almost certainly have been killed. In the video, a man from the village grabs the snake by the tail and is helped by another man as they both pull the snake, with the dog firmly in its grasp, out of the water. As the snake is dragged out of the water, the dog can clearly been seen with the serpent’s tail around its head. The pair are then dragged up the river bank along the grass, with the two men joined by another and all three begin shaking the snake in a bid to free the dog. One of the men then tries to pull the dog free from the snake before he eventually grabs a stick and begins hitting it. After a few hard whacks, the dog manages to scamper free and begins running around, barking at the snake. 
968866883779866624	2018-02-28 15:14:00	https://t.co/LkX4ie7Ihz	Doctor 'drove around with a dead dog stuck in his car grill for DAYS' after running it over in Russia https://t.co/LkX4ie7Ihz	 A Russian doctor has been accused of driving around a southwestern city for several days with a dead dog wedged in the front of his car. Dr Valery Piskovets, who is also a politician, allegedly ran down the stray in Taganrog, near the Ukraine border by the Black Sea. Witnesses claim that the impact did not kill the animal straight away, and say that for a time Dr Piskovets was driving around with the dog still alive. A video shows the dead dog stuck in the grill of a parked white car, which is said to belong to Mr Piskovets. Victoria Taranenko, who filmed the shocking sight, said: 'A bastard is driving around the city who knocked over a dog with his car and didn't even bother pulling the poor creature out after it got stuck in the bumper of his car. 'The dog was still alive when he knocked it down. 'Many witnesses confirmed that he had been driving with the dog's body like this for several days.' However, she denied claims the stray might still be alive today. 'A dog can't be asleep for several days in the same position, baring its teeth like only a dead animal,' she said. Police said: 'A woman complained about a case of animal cruelty that she witnessed. 'Police accepted her claim and started checks.' They established that the Nissan Tiida belonged to doctor and local politician Valery Piskovets, believed to be in his 40s, a member of Russia's ruling United Russia party. He is a councillor in his district close to Taganrog, on the Azov Sea. Investigations are underway, said police. Dr Piskovets said: 'I am too busy to comment now. I am talking to prosecutors, and to police. We are calmly going through the motions.' He was quoted by a blogger as adding: 'It happened about a week ago. 'Within an hour this event had turned into some murky situation.' Asked how the dog became trapped in the front of his car, he said: 'I've got no clue.' He refused to comment further, saying he was 'extremely busy'. 
968861813021569024	2018-02-28 14:53:51	https://t.co/4AnB7IOPb5	Unconscious cat rescued from blazing building is brought back to life after firefighters give it oxygen https://t.co/4AnB7IOPb5	 This is the heartwarming moment firefighters revive a woman's pet cat by giving it oxygen and a chest massage after it was trapped in a blazing block of flats. The ginger cat was the last living soul found in the building in the city of Volgograd, in south-western Russia's Volgograd Oblast region, where fire crews fought for four hours to contain the blaze. The feline was discovered unconscious in a hallway and its seemingly lifeless body was carried outside in the arms of a firefighter. However, as firemen massaged its chest and then opened the valve on a canister of oxygen close to its mouth, the little animal began to stir. Its owner broke down with tears of joy when she saw her pet being revived. The woman, whose name has not been released, could not stop hugging the cat and thanking firemen for their efforts once she had it back in her arms. She lived in the flat next door to the one where the fire started. The blaze was so fierce that all residents in that part of the block were evacuated. Police and fire brigade inspectors are investigating the cause of the fire, which claimed three lives. Volgograd, formerly Stalingrad, is famous for its resistance during the Battle of Stalingrad, often regarded as the largest and bloodiest battle in the history of warfare, in the Second World War.
968857195692642310	2018-02-28 14:35:30	https://t.co/1N98xodJoQ	Revealed: what happens to your brain in the last minutes before you die https://t.co/1N98xodJoQ	 A wave of electrical activity in our brains called 'spreading depression' appears to mark the final moment before death, researchers have found. Experts examining brain activity in dying patients observed a flurry of activity that appears to precede the fatal shutdown of our most vital organ. The finding suggests that consciousness may still be present for many minutes after the rest of the body has stopped showing signs of life, raising the possibility that for up to five minutes, the process of the brain shutting down could be reversed. Scroll down for video A team of neurologists, including from the Charité–Universitätsmedizin Berlin, continuously monitored electrical signals in the brains of of nine people as they died. Each of the patients - from Berlin, Germany, and Cincinnati, Ohio - had received fatal brain injuries and had 'do not resuscitate' orders. Experts hoped that, by implanting electrodes in the brains of their test subjects, they could uncover the mechanisms and timing of events during the process of dying. They found that even five minutes after a person's heart stops beating their brain cells, or neurons, may still function. But a wave of 'spreading depression' marked the moment that these neurons shutdown before their final, irreversible death. In a written statement lead author Dr Jens Dreier of Universitätsmedizin Berlin said: 'After circulatory arrest, spreading depolarization marks the loss of stored electrochemical energy in brain cells and the onset of toxic processes that eventually lead to death. 'Importantly, it is reversible – up to a point – when the circulation is restored.' Cells die when blood stops flowing, depriving them of the oxygen they need as fuel to function. Scientists reported in October 2017 that they had discovered a person's consciousness continues to work after the body has stopped showing signs of life. That means they may be aware of their own death and there is evidence to suggest someone who has died may even hear their own death being announced by medics. A team from New York University Langone School of Medicine investigated the topic through twin studies in Europe and the US of people who have suffered cardiac arrest and 'come back' to life, in the largest study of its kind. Study author Dr Sam Parnia told Live Science: 'They'll describe watching doctors and nurses working and they'll describe having awareness of full conversations, of visual things that were going on, that would otherwise not be known to them.' He said these recollections were then verified by medical and nursing staff who reported their patients, who were technically dead, could remember details of what they were saying. Doctors define death based on when the heart no longer beats, which then immediately cuts off blood supply to the brain. Once that happens, blood no longer circulates to the brain, which means brain function halts almost instantaneously. You lose all your brain stem reflexes, including your gag reflex and your pupil reflex. The brain's cerebral cortex, which is responsible for thinking and processing information from the five senses, also instantly flatlines. This means that within two to 20 seconds, no brainwaves will be detected on an electric monitor. This sparks a chain reaction of cellular processes that will result in the death of brain cells. However this can take hours after the heart has stopped, researchers said. When this happens, brain cells draw on energy reserves for a few minutes before they shut down completely. This happens when the mechanisms that neurons use to keep ions separated start to fail. Ions are electrically charged particles formed when atoms lose or gain electrons. The breakdown of the barriers between these particles releases a massive amount of electrochemical energy into the brain as neurons frantically attempt to draw in fuel. This process, known as spreading depolarisation or spreading depression, is marked by hyperactivity in the neurons, followed by a sudden silence. However, this silence only marks the final countdown to death and may be reversed for a period, researchers found. Exactly how long this remains the case is still open to debate. A final 'wave' of spreading depression seems to mark the point at which neurons have fired for the last time, although the research team warned that this may still be an unreliable marker for true death. 'The chemical changes that lead to death begin with depolarization,' Dr Jed Hartings of the University of University of Cincinnati's College of Medicine and a member of the research team told Newsweek. 'We've never had a method to diagnose brain death, and we don't have a way to be certain when all capacity for awareness is lost.' While the study doesn't have a direct effect on patient care today, it may lead to improved diagnostic and treatment procedures in the future. The findings may be helpful for developing strategies for dealing with cardiac arrest and stroke that complement efforts to reestablish circulation. They may also inform the debate on organ donation after cardio death, where death is declared between two and ten minutes after the heart stops beating. The full findings were published in the journal Annals of Neurology.
968852786002710528	2018-02-28 14:17:59	https://t.co/UcxnA30AK4	Lioness that mauled woman to death at African wildlife park may be killed https://t.co/UcxnA30AK4	 A lioness that mauled a woman to death in a South African wildlife park was being taken for a walk by a self-styled 'lion whisperer' when it launched the attack, it has emerged. The 22-year-old visitor died from devastating injuries after being pounced on by a lioness named Ndira while it was out walking with expert and social media star Kevin Richardson in the Dinokeng Game Reserve. Mr Richardson, 44, whose intimate interactions with big cats have won him millions of fans around the world, said today: 'I am devastated and my heart goes out to this young woman's family.' Ndira, who was hand-reared by Mr Richardson, may meet the same fate as her victim after the park admitted 'no decision has been made at this stage about what will happen to her'. Scroll down for video He explained how he was taking two males and the lioness for their weekly walk in the reserve when Ndira ran off after an antelope before coming across her helpless human victim. The dead woman who was only at the reserve for a short meeting was struck as she stopped to take pictures with a friend as they returned to their car. After receiving an urgent call about the attack, Mr Richardson - who had pursued the lioness but lost her - then ran more than a mile to reach the victim, attempting to save her life himself while waiting for paramedics to arrive. His weekly walks with the cats are 'part of their exercise and stimulation regiment,' he explained in a statement, designed to relieve the boredom of living in the sanctuary's enclosures. Before setting off on the second of two such outings yesterday morning, he said he had notified others on the reserve that the predators would be roaming. The father-of-two has built a successful business, managed by his wife, on the back of his unique relationship with big cats. Visitors to his sanctuary, which is just an hour outside Johannesburg, is made up of 13 enclosures housing the cats, many of which he has raised from birth. Visitors can pay to volunteer, take drives in safari vehicles or stay in the tented camp, near where the victim was taken down. The website promises 'you will enjoy the spectacular African bush and come face-to-face with majestic lions and hear their magnificent roars at night'. Only a few weeks ago, Mr Richardson was on set with supermodel Cara Delevingne who was posing with his lion Vayetse for a photoshoot for a luxury watch brand. The ten year old cat was raised by the 'lion whisperer' from birth and regularly stars in films and adverts, earning huge sums for his owner's business. His pictures and videos of his intimate relationship with the beasts has won him a massive worldwide following. Last week, he uploaded a picture to social media of his leg boasting vivid marks from a lion's claw which had ripped the hem from his shorts after getting between two fighting males at his property. Nick Dollman, spokesman for the paramedics, described the victim's injuries as 'very severe'. 'It was a deadly attack. The friend with the victim watched it happen, but was not hurt, but must have been in a terrible state emotionally. Paramedics attempted CPR, but the injuries were so severe the victim died at the scene,' he said. The Dinokeng Game Reserve is thought to be the only free-roaming 'big 5' residential game reserve in the world next to a residential area. The big five refers to Africa's most deadly animals. Mr Richardson has spoken candidly in the past about the dangers of interacting with the animals. 'Obviously one realises the danger when working with animals of this calibre, I've weighed the pros and I've weighed the cons, and the pros far outweigh the cons,' he said. The police have launched an investigation in the circumstances of the killing and the local authority said it would be looking into what permits are held by Mr Richardson to conduct his business.
968848021139214336	2018-02-28 13:59:03	https://t.co/R2PCrvFRwd	A third of people have contracted a virus on their computer or phone after viewing porn online https://t.co/R2PCrvFRwd	 A third of all people could have an infected device thanks to their porn viewing habit, according to a shocking new survey. Hackers are targeting explicit websites and setting traps to bypass the security of computers and phones that visit them, security researchers have warned. More than 40 per cent of adults admit to watching porn daily and 'digital STI's' could be used to clear out bank accounts, blackmail users and spy through webcams. Cyber criminals prey on these X-rated web pages as their victims are less likely to report them, experts say. A survey of 1,000 British people by Moscow-based computer security firm Kaspersky Labs, conducted at the end of 2017, found that our explicit habits could be costing us more than we might think. Cybercriminals have developed an array of weapons to target and prey on users 'with their pants down', according to David Jacoby from the firm. In a written statement, he added: 'Kaspersky Lab sees around 323,000 malware bugs everyday which are designed to either steal your identity, corrupt computer files or hold you to ransom.' 'In 2017 we identified at least 27 variations of PC malware which specifically hunt for credentials to paid adult content websites. 'Adult sites are attractive to cyber criminals because they have a vast number of users to potentially infect. 'Those users are less likely to report the infection due to the embarrassing nature of how they got the infection.' Attacks on users range from tracking key strokes and stealing passwords to 'click-jamming', which fools people into clicking on one links when they think they are clicking on another. Malware, ransomware and Trojans are all commonplace throughout adult sites. A more recent form of booby-trap is to plant malware on adult sites that, when activated, infiltrates a users computer and mines cryptocurrency like Bitcoin. This requires a huge amount of computing power, can be very profitable for cyber-criminals and leaves the unsuspecting victim exposed. Often, an infected computer or phone displays no symptoms to indicate it has been jeopardised. One tell-tale sign can of infection can be if the device becomes significantly slower. There are ten digital STIs that can harm your device when you're looking at adult content, according to computer security firm Kaspersky Lab. These are: 1. Trojans – They might masquerade as innocent programs, but they carry a harmful payload. 2. Drive-by downloads - Cybercriminals look for insecure web sites and plant a malicious script into the code on the pages. These take advantage of any unpatched applications on your computer and infect them automatically 3. Click-jacking – Click-jacking involves tricking someone into clicking on one object on a web page while they think they are clicking on another. Clickjacking can be used to install malware, gain access to a victim's online accounts or to enable their webcam. 4. Tinder bots – These are automatic programs designed to masquerade as real people on a dating site to lure users into clicking on them, with the aim of tricking the victim into disclosing confidential data. 5. Cat-Phishing - This is when cybercriminals pose on dating sites or chat rooms, encouraging people to click on links for live sex chat or adult images. 6. Ransomware - Cybercriminals use 'blockers' to stop the victim accessing their device, often telling them this is due to 'illegal pornographic content' being identified on their device. Anyone who has accessed porn online is probably less likely to take the matter up with law enforcement. 7. Worm - This is a program that replicates, but does not write its code to other files: instead, it installs itself once on a victim's device and then looks for a way to spread to other devices. 8. Pornware – This could be a legitimate program, but might be adware installed by another malicious program, designed to deliver inappropriate content to the victim's device. 9. Spyware - Software that enables an attacker to secretly obtain information about the victim's online activities and transmit it covertly from their device. 10. Fake Anti-virus - Fake anti-virus programs prey on people's fear of malicious software which they believe may have been installed whilst looking at porn. Whilst 41 per cent of people admit to watching porn, 17 per cent confess they feel too embarrassed to admit to it and blame a family member. Latest global figures from Kaspersky Lab reveal that 25.4 per cent of mobile users (at least 1.2 million people) encountered a malware attack at least once in 2017, and 199 million URLs were recognised as malicious. Despite this, more than one in ten (12 per cent) revealed that they do not practice safe surfing, as they have no internet security solution installed on their computers or other devices. The survey also found the average Brit watches porn five times a week for 23 minutes a time. This equates to more than four days of browsing adult content per year – or 104 hours. The survey unearthed a list of commonly held myths about internet viruses. Twenty-eight per cent of people mistakenly thought that clearing their browsing history protects your computer from viruses. Nearly one in five (19 per cent) thought privacy modes like Chrome's Incognito would stop an infection. A quarter (25 per cent) mistakenly thought they were safe looking at adult websites on smartphones and tablets, as they believed these devices could not get infected. 
968842999236104194	2018-02-28 13:39:05	https://t.co/c8Rtj7ltns	Chinese man, 31, has a 3in wide glass ball stuck in his rectum after inserting into his body 'for fun' https://t.co/c8Rtj7ltns	 A man in China had to rush to a hospital with a three-inch-wide glass ball lodged up in his rectum. The 31-year-old man claimed to have a severe pain in the abdomen as the object stuck inside him for about seven hours. Doctor successfully performed a surgery to push the object back to the anus and removed it from his body in an hour. The incident happened recently in Dongguan of Guangdong Province when the patient, known as Xiao Ming, arrived a nearby hospital with a stomachache. An abdominal x-ray indicated a massive circular object stuck in the rectum, according to Guangdong Public Channels. Dr Ye performed an exploratory laparotomy, a low-risk operation to examine internal organs, and put his hand outside the patient's large intestines for further inspection. He explained that the patient failed to retrieve the ball as the ball was too big. Dr Ye had to push the glass ball towards the anus and removed it using forceps. The glass ball is measured to be eight centimetires wide (3.15 inches). The patient could end up getting septic shocks and having a perforated bowel if the treatment was delayed, according to Dr Ye. Xiao Ming told the doctors that he had an addiction to insert objects into the bottom and he was able to retrieve it every time before this incident happened, reported Guangdong Public Channels.
968839917618040832	2018-02-28 13:26:51	https://t.co/2MMQxOuh11	Italian mafia are feared to have killed journalist after probing the mob's links to government officials in Slovakia https://t.co/2MMQxOuh11	 A journalist shot dead in Slovakia was working on a story about the activities of Italian mafia in his country and their links to people close to Prime Minister Robert Fico. Jan Kuciak's Aktuality.sk news website published his last, unfinished story on Wednesday. It describes the activities of members of the Italian 'Ndrangheta criminal group in eastern Slovakia, and the business ties between one of them, a senior assistant to Mr Fico and another official close to him. The bodies of 27-year-old Mr Kuciak and his girlfriend, Martina Kusnirova, were found on Sunday evening in their house in Velka Maca, east of the capital, Bratislava. Mr Kuciak is the first journalist to be killed in Slovakia. In his story he described, among oheather details, the activities in agriculture, real estate and other sectors of a Slovakia-based Italian man believed to belong to the criminal group. He also detailed the man's business ties to Maria Troskova, a former model who is now the chief state adviser at the government office, and Viliam Jasan, who currently serves as the secretary of Slovakia's security council, a body that deals with key security issues. After the first details of the story appeared in Aktuality.sk and a newspaper, Sme, on Tuesday, Mr Fico dismissed the reports. 'You link innocent people to a double murder without any evidence. Don't do it,' he said. Mr Fico has announced his government was offering a million euros (£880,000) to anyone who helps authorities find those behind the killings. The opposition has called on national police force president Tibor Gaspar and interior minister Robert Kalinak to resign It is planning a protest rally in Bratislava for later on Wednesday. Students plan to march in honour of Mr Kuciak in a number of Slovakian cities on Friday. Aktuality.sk said Mr Kuciak co-operated on the story with the Czech Centre for Investigative Journalism, the Investigative Reporting Project Italy and the international Organised Crime and Corruption Reporting Project. The Czech centre said it had been working with Mr Kuciak for more than 18 months. 
968837963974135810	2018-02-28 13:19:05	https://t.co/DLnsPVdqIc	Supersonic concept plane could fly from London to New York at 1,150mph in THREE hours https://t.co/DLnsPVdqIc	 These eye-opening designs propose a future of flight that is both supersonic and eco-friendly. The spaceship-like plans for the HSP 'Magnavem' feature a streamlined ship capable of reaching a top speed of Mach 1.5 (1,150mph/1,852km/h). The hypersonic plane would cut travel times between New York and London to just three hours, more than halving the duration of current flights. What's more, the amazing aircraft will produce zero carbon emissions, thanks to the compact fusion reactor that will power it. Scroll down for video According to designer Oscar Vinals, the craft, which he hopes will revolutionise the aeronautic industry, will run primarily on a compact fusion reactor (CFR). This reactor, the plans say, would provide the Magavem with an incredible amount of electrical energy - all at no cost to the environment. Nuclear fusion is the process by which the sun works. Compact fusion reactors will mimic that process within a magnetic container and release energy from hydrogen in a controlled fashion to produce power we can use. In total, Mr Vinals believes his lightweight aircraft could carry some 500 passengers, and due to the technologies he proposes using, the 'Magnavem' can be recharged extremely quickly. More than 50 years ago, nuclear power through fission was the excitement of its day. People tried using it to power almost everything, even planes. In the end, operational hurdles prevented fission from widespread use. While fission continues to power our nuclear reactors today, fusion offers a cleaner, safer source of energy. Fission occurs when one atom is split into two smaller fragments, creating an explosion of sorts that results in the release of heat energy. Fusion is the process by which a gas is heated up and separated into its constituent ions and electrons. When ions get hot enough, they can overcome their mutual repulsion and collide, fusing together. When this happens, they release a lot of energy – about one million times more powerful than a chemical reaction and three to four times more powerful than a fission reaction. The fusion reaction that is easiest to accomplish is between two isotopes of hydrogen: deuterium, extracted from water, and tritium, produced during the fusion reaction through contact with lithium. When deuterium and tritium nuclei fuse, they form a helium nucleus, a neutron and a lot of energy. Nuclear fusion is the process by which the sun works. Compact fusion reactors will mimic that process within a magnetic container and release energy in a controlled fashion to produce power we can use. A reactor small enough to fit on a truck could provide enough power for a small city of up to 100,000 people. Mr Vinals, from Barcelona, Spain, has been working on the designs for more than a year. They also feature a carbon dioxide cleaning system, adding to the environmental benefits of the craft. An internal AI system would optimise the craft's functions, while plasma actuators control the airflow to the wings and over the fuselage. The chosen name, 'Magnavem,' comes from the latin 'magna avem,' meaning 'big bird.' While the craft could theoretically be built today, Oscar said, certain technologies are still in the 'embrionary stage,' and so 10 to 15 years of advancements may be needed in order to complete such a flying vessel. Mr Vinals, 40, said: 'The response has been totally positive. I am very happy with this. 'I am most excited about the possibility to use a CFR (compact fusion reactor) with the benefits of inexhaustible power and great amounts of energy production. 'There's also the plasma energy to control the airplane's flight or the use of AI system. 'We must not forget the possibility of using the plane like a efficient tool to "clean" the excess of CO2 in the atmosphere.' More than 50 years ago, nuclear power through fission was the excitement of its day. People tried using it to power almost everything, even planes. In the end, operational hurdles prevented fission from widespread use. While fission continues to power our nuclear reactors today, fusion offers a cleaner, safer source of energy. Fission occurs when one atom is split into two smaller fragments, creating an explosion of sorts and resulting in the release of heat energy. Fusion is the process by which a gas is heated up and separated into its ions and electrons. When ions get hot enough, they can overcome their mutual repulsion and collide, fusing together. When this happens, they release a lot of energy – about one million times more powerful than a chemical reaction and three to four times more powerful than a fission reaction. The fusion reaction that is easiest to accomplish is between two isotopes of hydrogen: deuterium, extracted from water, and tritium, produced during the fusion reaction through contact with lithium. When deuterium and tritium nuclei fuse, they form a helium nucleus, a neutron and a lot of energy. A reactor small enough to fit on a truck could provide enough power for a small city of up to 100,000 people. This is not the first time that nuclear power has been proposed as a fuel for flight, with one aircraft that flew in the West during the cold war actually came close to achieving this aim. During the early 1950s, a heavily modified Convair B-36 bomber built by the US Air Force called the NB-36H flew a total of 47 times, although the onboard reactor was only tested in the air and never to power the aircraft. The behemoth was further weighed down with 11 tonnes of shielding to keep radiation at bay. 
968835444866764802	2018-02-28 13:09:04	https://t.co/LmxLlreq0J	Revealed: The Japanese and Singaporean passports are the most powerful in the world https://t.co/LmxLlreq0J	 The Singaporean and Japanese passports are the most powerful in the world for 2018, an annual ranking system has revealed. The two countries have overtaken Germany from their 2017 ranking of fourth and fifth respectively to claim the number one position in the visa restrictions index compiled by law firm Henley & Partners. It also shows that the British passport has remained joint fourth while the USA has remained fifth in the list. The rankings are published every year and are based on the number of countries a passport can give a person access to without the need for a visa. The Singaporean and Japanese passports give their citizens the chance of visa-free travel to a total of 180 countries around the globe. In second place is the German passport, which has dropped down from the top spot. Germans can travel to 179 countries without a visa. Coming in third are the passports of France, Italy, Spain, Denmark, Finland, Sweden and South Korea. They all have visa-free access to 178 countries. The British passport is fourth, with UK citizens able to visit 177 countries without the need for additional documentation. Last year they could visit 173 countries. It shares the spot with Portugal, Austria, Norway, Luxembourg and the Netherlands. Ranking jointly fifth on the index are the United States, Canada, Switzerland and Ireland, which all provide visa-free access to 176 countries. At the other end of the table is the passport of Afghanistan, which is the least powerful. It only allows visa-free access to 24 countries. For the second year in a row, Pakistan, Syria and Iraq are also near the bottom of the index, with each able to access 30 or fewer countries visa-free. One of the biggest movers up the list is the United Arab Emirates, which has climbed a total of 34 places over the past 10 years. It now provides its citizens with visa-free access to 140 destinations worldwide. The UAE has climbed to 27th place on the index after gaining entry to China and Ireland earlier this year. Also moving up significantly are Ukraine and Georgia. They've taken 42nd place and 54th place following their visa liberalisation with the EU. Meanwhile, 30 countries have lost ground compared to last year, while 53 countries have showed no movement at all. The rankings, by the Henley Passport Index, is based on exclusive data provided by the International Air Transport Association. The index is updated in real-time, as and when visa-policy changes come into effect. Hugh Morshead, member of the executive committee of Henley & Partners, said: 'Global citizenship is on the rise, with more and more individuals seeking opportunities and experiences beyond their countries of origin. 'Borders in certain key parts of the world may be tightening, but elsewhere access is evolving. 'In terms of visa policies and regulations, every week we are witnessing a growing number of countries — especially outside of the West — opening up their borders to strategic partners as they seek to deepen diplomatic relationships and tap into the immense economic value that tourism, international commerce, and migration can bring.' 1 - Japan, Singapore 2 - Germany 3 - Denmark, Finland, France, Italy, Spain, Sweden, South Korea 4 - Portugal, Austria, United Kingdom, Norway, Luxembourg, Netherlands 5 - Canada, Switzerland, Ireland, United States 6 - Australia, Greece, Belgium 7 - Malta, New Zealand, Czech Republic 8 - Iceland 9 - Hungary 10 - Latvia 11 - Liechtenstein, Malaysia 12 - Slovakia, Slovenia 13 - Poland, Lithuania 14 - Monaco, Estonia 15 - Cyprus 16 - Hong Kong, Chile 17 - Brazil 18 - Argentina 19 - Romania, Andorra, San Marino 20 - Bulgaria, Croatia 21 - Brunei 22 - Israel 23 - Barbados 24 - Seychelles, Mexico 25 - Bahamas 26 - St Kitts and Nevis 27 - Antigua and Barbuda, United Arab Emirates 28 - Taiwan, Uruguay 29 - Trinidad and Tobago 30 - Vatican City 31 - Costa Rica 32 - St Vincent and the Grenadines, Mauritius 33 - Macao, St Lucia 34 - Grenada 35 - Paraguay, Venezuela 36 - Panama 37 - Dominica 38 - Guatemala, Honduras 39 - El Salvador 40 - Peru 41 - Serbia 42 - Ukraine 43 - Solomon Islands 44 - Vanuatu, Samoa 45 - Russia,Nicaragua 46 - Tonga 47 - Colombia, Montenegro, Macedonia, Tuvalu, Marshall Islands 48 - Kiribati 49 - Moldova, Turkey 50 - Palau Islands 51 - Micronesia 52 - Bosnia and Herzegovina 53 - South Africa 54 - Georgia, Albania 55 - Beliza 56 - Ecuador 57 - Timor Leste 58 - Fiji, Guyana, 59 - Maldives, Kuwait 60 - Nauru 61 - Qatar 62 - Papua New Guinea, Jamaica 63 - Botswana 64 - Bolivia 65 - Namibia, Thailand, Suriname, Bahrain 66 -Kazakhstan 67 - Kenya, Oman 68 -Belarus 69 - Swaziland, Indonesia 70 - Lesotho, Malawi, Saudi Arabia 71 - Gambia, Tanzania 72 - Tunisia 73 - Zambia 74 - China, Uganda 75 - Cuba, Philippines, Cape Verde Islands, Azerbaijan 76 - Sierra Leone, Dominican Republic, Ghana 77 - Benin, Kyrgyzstan, Morocco, Zimbabwe 78 - Armenia 79 - Sao Tome and Principe, Burkina Faso 80 - Mauritania, Mozambique 81 - India, Cote D'Ivoire, Senegal, Togo 82 - Mongolia 83 - Guinea, Mali, Niger, Tajikistan, Uzbekistan 84 - Haiti 85 - Comores Islands, Gabon, Madagascar, Bhutan, Chad, Rwanda 86 - Guinea-Bissau 87 - Egypt, Turkmenistan 88 - Vietnam, Central African Republic, Cambodia 89 - Angola 90 - Liberia, Equitorial Guinea, Algeria, Laos 91 - Congo, Nigeria 92 - Jordan, Djibouti, Burundi, Cameroon 93 - Congo (Dem. Rep) 94 - Sri Lanka, Myanmar 95 - North Korea, Sudan 96 - Palestinian Territory, Ethiopia, South Sudan, 97 - Lebanon, Iran, Kosovo, Bangladesh 98 - Eritrea 99 - Libya, Nepal 100 - Yemen 101 - Somalia 102 -Pakistan 103 - Syria 104 - Iraq 105 - Afghanistan 
968831216542715904	2018-02-28 12:52:16	https://t.co/7TY6syOBBU	Rome will ban all diesel vehicles from 2024 https://t.co/7TY6syOBBU	 Rome is planning on banning diesel cars from its city centre by 2024, its mayor announced this week. The Italian capital is one of Europe's most traffic-clogged cities and home to thousands of ancient outdoor monuments threatened by pollution. The news came after a court ruling in Germany that cities there can ban the most heavily polluting diesel cars from their streets. Mayor Virginia Raggi announced the decision on her Facebook page on Tuesday, saying: 'If we want to intervene seriously, we have to have the courage to adopt strong measures'. About two-thirds of the 1.8 million new cars sold in Italy last year were diesel, according to industry figures. Rome has no major industries, so nearly all of the air pollution in the Italian capital is caused by motor vehicles. The city regularly tries to ban older, more polluting vehicles from roads on days when pollution reaches critical levels. It has also tried to reduce pollution by allowing only cars whose number plates end in either odd or even numbers to circulate on alternate days. But both regulations are widely flouted and lightly enforced by traffic police. To skirt the alternate days regulation, many families buy a used car with a different number plate. Apart from health issues, pollution from combustion engines causes severe damage to Rome's many ancient outdoor monuments. According to a study last year by a branch of the culture ministry, 3,600 stone monuments and 60 bronze sculptures risk serious deterioration because of air pollution. Ahead of celebrations marking the start of the new millennium in 2000, the darkened facade of St. Peter's Basilica at the Vatican was cleaned as part of a project that lasted several years. But fresh signs of pollution-related stains are visible again. Before the German court's ruling on Tuesday, officials in highly industrialised Milan, in northern Italy, had already announced plans to make the city diesel free by 2030.
968827504973762560	2018-02-28 12:37:31	https://t.co/v5xK96XTZz	Shocking moment Saudi woman throws her shoe at chef in restaurant before karate kicking him https://t.co/v5xK96XTZz	 This is the shocking moment a woman in Saudi Arabia attacked a chef in a restaurant with karate kicks after first throwing her shoe at him. The man - believed to be working at the Abu Zaid diner in Jeddah - was called from his kitchen to confront the angry customer, dressed all in black. Without warning, she hurls her footwear at him - which, in Middle Eastern culture, is seen as an incredibly offensive insult. With lightning-quick reflexes, he ducks to avoid it but is not so lucky when she launches phase two of her assault. She immediately executes a ninja-like kick to his stomach, which pushes him backwards as his colleagues look on in amazement. She kicks him again and then swings her arm wide before throwing a punch, narrowly missing both the chef and a co-worker. After one final half-hearted kick in his direction, she points her finger as if to scold him. The clip, which was posted on Liveleak, doesn't make clear why she was so angry. One would assume it was not to do with the quality of the food, which has a 4.5 star rating on TripAdvisor. In 2014, several restaurants in Saudi Arabia banned single women from entering because of their 'mentally unstable' behaviour such as flirting, smoking and using mobile phones. A number of eateries put up signs that said 'women are not allowed' - in a blow for women's rights in the ultra-conservative Muslim kingdom. There is no law banning women from travelling alone in Saudi Arabia but deeply-held religious beliefs dictate that they should be accompanied by a male family member when out in public. The country has recently started to loosen its rules, including allowing women to drive - having been the last country in the world to forbid it - and hosting a mixed-gender national day.
968822863846432770	2018-02-28 12:19:05	https://t.co/JEzcdFKjdk	Husband of Bollywood legend Sridevi Kapoor stands over her body as thousands line the streets to say farewell https://t.co/JEzcdFKjdk	 The husband and daughters of Bollywood legend Sridevi Kapoor were seen standing over her body as her funeral went underway in Mumbai, with thousands of heartbroken fans lining the streets following her shock death in a Dubai hotel last week. The 54-year-old actress drowned in the bath in her hotelroom in Dubai, and after a short investigation local police ruled out foul play, allowing her remains to be returned to India. Boney Kapoor and the couple's daughters Jhanvi and Khushi were later seen riding along the casket on a truck while crying fans surrounded the funeral cortege. Bollywood star Sonam Kapoor, the actress’s niece, made a heartfelt plea tonight for the love to continue for Sridevi’s daughters. She said: 'The past few days have been trying times for us as a family. Today has been one of the hardest. We laid to rest a beautiful soul who is gone too soon. 'She leaves behind a legacy that is unique. Her talent was undeniable. Her beauty unmatched and her ability to connect with the audience was legendary. 'She had the same connect with her family as well. The one thing that helped us all get through the past few days was the amazing amount of support and love from everyone. 'The outpouring of love is the memory that we would like the daughters Khusi and Janhvi to have of their mother, a woman who was loved unquestionably by everyone. 'Let us all who loved Sri envelope her two little ones, her life, as she called them with as much or more love than we gave Sri so that they can live their lives ahead with a little less ache in their hearts. 'Let us help them remember their mother fondly with that lovely twinkle in her eye and help them build a life and be what she had dreamt for them.' The husband of Bollywood actress Sridevi, who drowned in a hotel bathtub here, tonight broke his silence to pay a heartbreaking tribute. Boney Kapoor said he found it difficult to find the right words to describe his pain after India mourned her passing and her funeral took place with thousands turning out to pay their respects in Mumbai. Mr Kapoor, 62, a film producer, who was married to the star for 21 years, said: ‘Losing a friend and mother of your two young daughters is a loss inexplicable in words. ‘...To me she was my love, my friend, mother to our girls, my partner. ‘To our daughters she was their everything…their life. She was the axis around which our family ran. ‘The curtains never come down on an actor’s life because they shone on the silver screen forever. ‘My only concern at this time is to protect my daughters and find a way to move forward without Sri. ‘She was our life, our strength and the reason we always smiled. We love her beyond measure.’ Mr Kapoor was in her hotel suite on Saturday evening when she failed to emerge from the bathroom. When he forced open the door, she had drowned. Police have confirmed her death was accidental and sources in Dubai said he had been devastated and was ‘breaking down every ten minutes’ over the four days it took to clear formalities and fly her body back to Mumbai for today’s Hindu funeral service After countless Bollywood stars and thousands of fans turned out at the funeral in Mumbai, he appealed for privacy. He said:’ As we bid goodbye to my beloved wife and Kushi and Janhvi’s mama, I have a sincere request. Please respect our need to grieve privately. ‘If you need to talk of Sri, let it be of the special memories that connect each of you to her. ‘She was and is an actor that is irreplaceable. Love and respect her for that.’ His final message to his wife who died while he waited for her to finish a bath and join him for a romantic meal was: ‘Rest in peace my love. Our lives will never be the same again.’ By early Wednesday morning, fans had begun lining up along a security fence outside the private members club near Sridevi's home where the body has been laid out before the funeral tonight. Some carried roses while others held photos of the late screen icon as they queued patiently to pay their final respects at a condolence service in the western Indian city. 'It's a shock to believe that she is no more. We want to pay her one last visit today and thank her for all her wonderful performances,' Nandini Rao, a 32-year-old teacher said. One mourner, a man who gave his name only as Prashant, arrived at about 7am, hours before anyone was to be allowed in. 'No matter how long I have to wait, I will wait,' he said, clutching a small bouquet of flowers. 'I'll wait until I'm able to pay my respects. I saw all her movies,' he said, grief clearly visible on his face. A string of Mercedes and Audis ferried family members, Bollywood stars and VIPs in through another gate, at the Celebration Sports Club in the Andheri West area of Mumbai - the home of the Bollywood film industry. Today Bollywood celebrities, dressed in white which is a Hindu tradition for mourning, were turning out at the Celebration Sports Club in Lokhandwala, Mumbai, for her funeral. Her body was dressed in her favourite red and golden saree for her final journey and contained in a glass casket. Police had to 'lathi charge' - use their batons - on the growing crowd, said to number more than 7,000, which included people who had travelled hundreds of miles to be there. Several fans chanted prayers as Sridevi's body was brought the short distance from her home to the club at 9am (3.30am GMT). 'I'm an avid Sridevi fan. I loved her smiling personality. She had such a commanding presence in the Indian film industry. Her death was so sudden and I feel terrible,' 45-year-old Kuldeep Singh said Sridevi's body is due to leave the ground at 2pm to embark on its final journey. She will be cremated at a private Hindu ceremony later on Wednesday. Sridevi was considered to be one of the most influential Bollywood actresses of all time and her sudden death at the weekend sparked an outpouring of grief in India. Tributes poured in from fans and fellow actors as well as Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Birmingham-born Bollywood actress and rapper Hard Kaur, who worked in a TV advert with Sridevi last month, told MailOnline: 'There will only ever be one of her kind. 'There are actresses in Bollywood who tell directors that they can’t appear like this or that or wear this or that as they have to look “hot” all the time. 'Sridevi didn’t mind playing any part and she once appeared in a movie as Charlie Chaplin. Her comic timing was brilliant. 'She always lit up the screen and her dance moves were so special. Kids used to copy her. She inspired me as a child when I first saw her in movies when I was around seven as she had this incredible tough and equally sweet side to her. ‘Just like in music there can only be one Michael Jackson. In Bollywood there will only ever be one Sridevi. ‘I saw her a few months ago in a restaurant in Mumbai and I told her she was the original gangster actress and the original dynamite inspiration for those of us who went into Bollywood after her. ‘I’m so devastated at her death. We worked together on a noodles TV advert recently. ‘She was such an incredibly healthy and beautiful woman who carried herself with great natural ease. ‘ The star of hit films such as 'Chandi' and 'Mr India' drowned in her bathtub after losing consciousness late Saturday in a hotel in Dubai, where she was attending a wedding. Police in the emirate said a post-mortem examination found that she had drowned after losing consciousness. On Tuesday they ruled out any foul play and released the body to Sridevi's family. Her husband, filmmaker Boney Kapoor, who helped Dubai police as a witness was ‘breaking down every 10 minutes and repeatedly declaring ‘I can’t believe she has gone.’ A senior Bollywood source, who spoke with him, added: ‘The hysterical and wrongful belief that his wife was murdered has really hurt him and his family. ‘I had known Boney and Sridevi for many years and their marriage was very close and very stable. With their daughters they were the happiest family you could meet.’ The claim that Sridevi, who was a Bollywood icon, was murdered was made by Subramanian Swamy, leader of India’s Bharatiya Janata Party, but police are adamant that her death was accidental. Mr Kapoor, 62, met with Dubai police as a witness and throughout his interview was ‘genuinely devastated’ by his wife’s death in her hotel bathroom while he waited for on Saturday evening. 1969 - Sridevi starred in her first film Thunaivan at the age of just four 1976 - She starred in her first adult role aged 13 in south Indian film Moondru Mudichu 1979 - The actress starred in her first Hindi film, Solva Sawan 1983 - She shot to stardom with her role in comedy drama Himmatwala 1984 to 1997 - Sridevi continued starring in a number of commercially successful films, including Chandni 2004 - She starred on TV sitcom Malini Iyer 2012 - Sridevi launched her comeback with hit film English Vinglish 2017 - Her last film to be released was thriller Mom An official who met with him before he flew back to Mumbai last night with his wife’s body told MailOnline ‘There is no question at all that her death was anything but an accident. ‘It is a terrible tragedy for all concerned especially for Mr Kapoor. When I met with him and his family, it was a very sad scene. One really must feel for him. ‘These accidents do occur and in fact I read this morning that there are thousands of death each year in bathrooms and one for every day in the US. ‘There was never any controversy on why it too three days to release her body. It takes that time for formalities to be carried out.’ Mr Kapoor’s journey back to India and then a ‘surprise’ return to Dubai within a few days to meet with his wife raised questions. But Mailonline can reveal he told investigators that he had gone back to India to speak at a meeting which India’s Prime Minister Narendra Modi also addressed along with industrialists in Uttar Pradesh. They spoke at a conference to raise investment in the Indian state. On Saturday morning he was seen passing back, looking cheerful, through Mumbai’s Chhatrapati Shivaji airport. He gave a ‘namaste’ greeting after being met by an official from Pranaam VIP guest services brandishing his name on a welcome card . He was then led through immigration and to his business class flight to Dubai. He was embarking on a trip back to Dubai to surprise his wife with a romantic dinner. But last night he arrived back in Mumbai and broke down in tears again in the arms of his brother Anil, star of the Oscar winning movie Slumdog Millionaire. Born as Shree Amma Yanger Ayyapa in the state of Tamil Nadu, Sridevi began acting in south Indian cinema at the age of four. She then moved into Bollywood, where she rocketed to stardom by way of the 1983 film Himmatwala. The belle époque of her career was the 1980s and 1990s, during which her releases included the superhero movie Mr India, the separated-at-birth comedy ChaalBaaz, the revenge fantasy Nagina and the romantic triangle drama Tohfa. Her incredible film career saw her work in Hindi, Tamil, Telugu, Kannada and Malayalam, and in 2013 she was fêted with the Padma Shri, the fourth highest of the civilian honours granted by the Government Of India. Sridevi was in her heyday a massive box office draw, in addition to which she won five Filmfare Awards, the Hindi movie industry's answer to the Oscars. After marrying Boney Kapoor in 1996, Sridevi got another Filmfare nod for her performance in 1997's Judaai before withdrawing from the movies. A 15-year big screen hiatus followed, during which she and Boney brought up two daughters - Jhanvi, 20, and Khushi, 17. The time eventually came when Sridevi itched to return to films, and she launched her comeback with the 2012 hit English Vinglish, which India submitted unsuccessfully to the Oscars. Her last film release was the 2017 thriller Mom, which was reported to be her 300th motion picture, and of which the Times Of India rhapsodized that 'Sri demonstrates why she is the high-priestess of desi cinema.'
968819880085639168	2018-02-28 12:07:13	https://t.co/Bnh0rQe75N	Enraged Chinese bride slaps an unruly wedding guest after he forced her to kneel and bow https://t.co/Bnh0rQe75N	 An unruly wedding guest was caught on camera forcing a bride to kowtow to her in-laws in front of other guests. The action of bowing, seen in tradition Chinese weddings, could prove that the bride would be obedient and submissive to her husband and his family. Enraged by the guest's behaviour, the bride stood up and gave the man a hard slap in the face, as a viral video shows. According to Kan Kan News, a Chinese news outlet, the bride and groom were about to start a traditional ceremony at their wedding to show their respect to their parents. Newlyweds are usually required to bow and serve tea to their parents - after they bowed to the heaven and before they bow to each other. The wedding guest, however, suddenly took a grab of the bride's head and made her kneel and bow by force. The bride became furious. She managed to push the man away before hitting him. Other relatives tried to calm her down. Kan Kan News did not report when or where the ceremony was held, but it suggested that the guest considered his behaviour a wedding prank. Rude wedding guests have been a social topic in China in the past two years. Their vulgar and inappropriate antics often sparked an outcry among the web users. In November, 2016, a trending video showed a group of Chinese wedding guests forcing the bride and groom to strip off and have sex in front of them. A month earlier, a bride was seen being stripped by her wedding guests in front of her husband in their bed. In some cases, these so-called pranks have caused serious injuries or even deaths. In 2015, a bride in China's Zaozhuang city was knocked into a coma at her wedding after groomsmen threw her into the air but failed to catch her. While a bridesmaid choked to death in 2016 after being pressured to down super-strength spirits at wedding by guests in Wenchang city. 
968815317437894656	2018-02-28 11:49:06	https://t.co/14ZpDdJ91O	Now snow causes chaos in SPAIN while 24 are killed in Arctic conditions sweeping Europe https://t.co/14ZpDdJ91O	 At least 24 people have died across Europe as the continent remains in the grip of a Siberian cold snap that has seen snow fall in Spain and southern France. A woman in her 90s has been found dead in the snow at the gate of her retirement home in France while an 83-year-old in Romania was found buried under a drift in the streets. In total nine people have died in Poland, four in France, five in Lithuania, three in the Czech Republic, two in Romania and one in Italy. Cities across the continent have been providing emergency shelter and relief to rough sleepers who have accounted for most of the deaths as temperatures fell as low as -24C in parts of Germany and -29C in Estonia. Bilbao, Barcelona, Santander and San Sebastian in Spain all awoke to heavy flurries of snow on Wednesday as much of the northern part of the country suffered under an amber weather warning. Scroll down for video Meanwhile Montpellier in southern France also saw its beaches covered with snow with even the Mediterranean islands of Corsica and Capri getting a dusting. The frigid weather was set to continue Wednesday, with temperatures down to -12C expected in northern France and -6C in the usually mild south. More snow was forecast for Spain, including Catalonia where school transport has been cancelled. Classes have also been suspended in the Canary Islands which is being lashed by powerful winds. In Belgium, towns including Etterbeek, Verviers and Charleroi have resorted to ordering police to detain homeless people if they refuse to go to shelters. The Red Cross, which has set up emergency teams across Europe, urged people to keep an eye on neighbours and relatives. 'Just knocking on someone's door to check they have everything they need can make a huge difference. It could even be the difference between life and death,' it said. The charity also issued public appeals for 10,000 blankets in France, where about 50 local officials in the Paris region have vowed to spend Tuesday night outdoors to call attention to the plight of those with nowhere to sleep. 'The point is not to stage a show, but to denounce a system that isn't working,' said Mama Sy, a deputy mayor in the Paris suburb of Etampes. Paris authorities counted 3,000 rough-sleepers in the city's first-ever homeless census this month, warning it was likely significantly underestimated. In England, where heavy snow was dumped on London Tuesday, tabloids have dubbed the snap 'the Beast from the East', while the Dutch are calling it the 'Siberian bear' and Swedes the 'snow cannon'. British Airways cancelled roughly 60 flights in and out of London Heathrow airport. The Met Office forecaster said rural communities could be cut off for days by snowdrifts, warning of 'long interruptions to power supplies and other services such as telephone and mobile phone networks.' Some of the iciest conditions were reported in Italy, where many schools and daycare centres were closed, to the consternation of parents already preparing for closures next week linked to this weekend's general election. Italians' anger was also growing over nationwide disruptions to rail services as a lack of defrosting equipment on the tracks meant workers having to clear snow and ice by hand. In Naples, the airport was closed early Tuesday and bus services in the city halted because of ice, though the weather was getting warmer in Rome, where schools were expected to reopen Wednesday. A driver in Turin got a fright when an ice shard broke off from an overhead bridge and shattered his windshield - though he managed to keep control of his vehicle. Russia's Gazprom, a major gas supplier to Europe, said it had sent record exports to the continent over the past six days, peaking at 667 million cubic metres (23.6 billion cubic feet) on Monday as people turned up their thermostats.
968812787324608512	2018-02-28 11:39:02	https://t.co/wdh5I2iBRp	North Korea sold ballistic missile and chemical weapon components to Syria, UN experts claim https://t.co/wdh5I2iBRp	 North Korea sent ballistic missile and chemical weapons components to Syria along with missile technicians in violation of UN sanctions, UN experts said. A panel of experts monitoring Pyongyang's transfer of prohibited ballistic missile, conventional arms and dual use goods discovered more than 40 previously unreported shipments to Syria between 2012 and 2017. The regime also gave banned ballistic missiles systems to Burma along with multiple rocket launchers and surface-to-air missiles. Arms sales, flouting of oil and gas sanctions, and illegally exporting commodities netted North Korea £144m in just nine months last year, their report said. Syria is accused of of using chemical weapons against rebel-controlled areas including recently in the Damascus suburb of eastern Ghouta, which President Bashar Assad's government denies. North Korea's Ryonhap-2 Corporation was in 2008 involved in a Syrian ballistic missile program, the 'manoeuvrable re-entry vehicle (MARV) Scud D (MD) project,' the report said. In August 2016 a technical delegation was 'involved the transfer to Syria of special resistance valves and thermometers known for use in chemical weapons programmes'. An unnamed UN member state reported that Syria 'continues to operate at chemical weapons and missile facilities at Barzeh, Adra and Hama'. The report said Syria denied the charges but didn't supply documents supporting this claim and a list of all North Koreans who have travelled to Syria 'There are no DPRK technical companies in Syria and the only presence of some DPRK individuals are confined in the field of sports under private individual contracts for training athletics and gymnastics,' it said. For many years, the panel said the DPRK Corst Company acted on behalf of the Second Economic Committee, which is under sanctions, to ship goods to Syria for use in prohibited programs. The report also detailed previously unreported arms shipments and cooperation with North Korean front companies for those under UN sanctions between 2010 and 2017. The transactions 'showed further evidence of arms embargo and other violations, including through the transfer of items with utility in ballistic missile and chemical weapons programs', it said. The panel also examined 13 shipping containers shipped to Syria from a Chinese company filled with 'acid resistant tiles' that could be used to make a chemical factory. 
968809584457670657	2018-02-28 11:26:19	https://t.co/SGZ7iVxuSF	Tourists flee in terror after deadly shootout between rival JET SKI operators on beach in Thai holiday resort https://t.co/SGZ7iVxuSF	 Tourists fled in terror after a deadly shootout between rival jet ski operators on a Thai beach. The two men had been ferrying holidaymakers out to sea on packed travel hot spot Koh Samui island yesterday afternoon. But Soontree Chaipet, 45, and Tinapot Petcharat, 26, began arguing over one encroaching onto the other's patch. CCTV showed the moment each man produced a handgun and opened fire at each other, with tourists at a nearby restaurant running for cover and hiding under tables. Scroll down for video Police arrived at around 4.30pm and found both men in a pool of blood on the white sand. The younger man, Tinapot, later died in hospital. Horrified onlooker Num Hankit, 30, said: 'I work near the beach and just heard the bullets and came to look. It's scary, anybody could be hit by a bullet. 'People are riding jet skis with guns in their pockets. I cannot believe this happening on a beach. 'There were more than 100 tourists standing on the beach. They looked shocked. They have a holiday and people are shooting each other. It's dangerous.' The older man was driven to hospital by a friend while paramedics performed CPR on Tinapot as tourists in their swimming trunks stood watching in disbelief. Officers later recovered two weapons, a black 9mm handgun and a smaller silver pistol as well as ammunition on the Chaweng Beach. Police Major General Apichat Boonsaree from the Bophut station said they believed the reason for the gun fight was a 'business conflict when renting jet skis to customers'. He added: 'Both sides are involved in the business of renting jet skis on the beach and they took up a duel with each other. They were both carrying guns and we understand that they had many arguments with each other before. 'However, the investigators must speak to all the witnesses and people involved in order to understand the exact cause. 'Officers arrived and ensured the safety of tourists who were relaxing at the time when the shots could be heard. 'Police are in attendance at the hospital where the survivor is and will interrogate him once he has regained composure.' 
968805559238578178	2018-02-28 11:10:19	https://t.co/b93Egmqdie	Russia has developed powerful LASERS to shoot down enemy satellites https://t.co/b93Egmqdie	 Russia claims it has developed powerful lasers to fire at enemy satellites in orbit. The plane-mounted lasers form part of an anti-satellite system that also involves both radar and ground-based components, reports claim. The news comes after a US Air Force chief warned yesterday that space warfare could break out between superpower nations 'within years'. According to an anonymous source quoted by Russian news agency Interfax, weapons maker Almaz-Antey has 'completed work on an anti-satellite complex'. The system includes a laser mounted onto an aircraft as well as relevant ground control gear and radar that will help the device to find targets. It will utilise a brand-new, as-yet-unnamed type of aircraft, the source said. The claim has not been verified by independent sources, but the Moscow-based weapons firm is known to be developing anti-satellite weaponry for Russia's military. Last April, Almaz-Antey general designer Pavel Sozinov told Russian news agency Ria Novosti that it was developing weapons that could interfere electronically with or achieve 'direct functional destruction of those elements deployed in orbit'. He said the project was commissioned by Russian leaders. Experts said that anti-satellite weaponry is a priority for Russian officials. Samuel Bendett, a research analyst at the Center for Naval Analyses, told DefenseOne: 'Russia considers American satellites a significant threat when it comes to potential confrontation. 'It is actively working to counter US technologies in space, such as possible electronic warfare technologies that can target hundreds of kilometres up. 'The developments in laser technologies are in step with US and Chinese advancements in this area.' Research into satellite and high-altitude drone technology has become a focal point for the world's top militaries, leading some to speculate that space will be a key battleground in wars of the future. Yesterday a top US military official warned that superpower nations could engage in a space war 'within a matter of years'. US Air Force chief General David Goldfein claimed the US will need new tools, specialist training and billions of dollars in funding to prepare for combat in orbit. Speaking at the Air Force Association's 34th annual Air Warfare Symposium and Technology Exposition in Orlando, General Goldfein said: '[It's] time for us as a service, regardless of speciality badge, to embrace space superiority with the same passion and sense of ownership as we apply to air superiority today.' General Goldfein argues that the US Air Force is best placed to protect American interests in space. He said: 'I believe we're going to be fighting from space in a matter of years. 'We are the service that must lead joint war fighting in this new contested domain. This is what the nation demands.' A group of more than 40 international experts are conducting a multi-year research project that will culminate in a Manual on International Law Applicable to Military Uses of Outer Space. MILAMOS Project is to ensure space activities are conducted in accordance with the rule of law. This will involve a consideration of the existing international rules on outer space. It will also involve integration with international humanitarian law and the rules prohibiting the use of force. The drafting of the rules will involve many meetings, heated discussions and compromises. It is envisaged that at the end of the project the applicable rules will be agreed on the basis of consensus. The MILAMOS Project is not an effort to condone warfare in outer space. On the contrary, it seeks to prevent armed conflict and minimise the devastating impact that space technology and military operations may have on the long-term and peaceful use of outer space. The Outer Space Treaty, which was signed in 1967, was agreed through the United Nations, and today it remains as the 'constitution' of outer space. The space treaty states that celestial territory is not subject to 'national appropriation' – in other words, no country can lay claim to them. In the fifty years the treaty has existed, it has yet to be violated. 
968800981327761408	2018-02-28 10:52:08	https://t.co/DG7907oQXe	Saudi Arabia's crown prince says anti-corruption drive is the 'chemo' needed to stop 'the cancer of corruption' https://t.co/DG7907oQXe	 Saudi Arabia's powerful crown prince said the kingdom's anti-corruption crackdown was needed to meet budget targets, comparing the purge to chemotherapy. Authorities rounded up dozens of princes, top officials and businessmen in November on Prince Mohammed bin Salman's orders, with many confined and interrogated at Riyadh's glitzy Ritz-Carlton Hotel. Most detainees, including global investor Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, were released after being exonerated or reaching financial settlements with the government, which says it arranged to seize more than $100 billion through such deals. Scroll down for video: The huge sum, if it is successfully recovered, would be a big financial boost for the oil-dependent nation, which has seen its finances strained by low crude prices. The state budget deficit this year is projected at 195 billion riyals ($52 billion). 'You have a body that has cancer everywhere, the cancer of corruption,' Prince Mohammed said in an interview with the Washington Post. 'You need to have chemo, the shock of chemo, or the cancer will eat the body. The corrupted princes were a minority, but the bad actors got more attention. It harmed the energy of the royal family.' Prince Mohammed said in the interview he maintains support from the royal family despite internal divisions that have occasionally spilled into public, such as when 11 princes were arrested last month for allegedly protesting against the government cutting payment of their utility bills. His ambitious reform agenda, which is popular with much of Saudi Arabia's burgeoning youth population, faces resistance from some of the old guard more comfortable with the kingdom's traditions of incremental change and rule by consensus. Critics decry the campaign as a shakedown and power play by the 32-year-old heir to the throne, who is aiming to wean Saudi Arabia off reliance on oil revenues and modernise the deeply conservative kingdom by sponsoring public concerts and lifting bans on cinemas and women driving. Only a handful of specific allegations against those detained in the corruption crackdown have been revealed. The attorney general has said 56 people remain in custody. They are believed to have been moved to prison after refusing to admit wrongdoing and may end up in court. Saudi Arabia has laid the groundwork for momentous social and economic changes that will take place this year, defying its conservative reputation for slow, cautious reforms. King Salman and his ambitious 32-year-old son and heir, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, have upended decades of royal family protocol, social norms and traditional ways of doing business. They bet instead on a young generation of Saudis hungry for change and a Saudi public fed up with corruption and government bureaucracy. There is also a need to cut a budget deficit of at 195 billion riyals ($50 billion) caused by collapsing oil prices. The world's biggest oil exporter had previously been able to rely on income from it to spend lavishly to maintain its population's standard of living and subsidise the extravagant spending of its royal princes. The clam down on corruption that has seen 200 officials detained, including one of King Abdullah's sons, former National Guard chief Prince Miteb bin Abdullah. He was released last month after agreeing to pay back the government $1 billion. Hand-in-hand with economic reforms, the Kingdom is bringing about social changes. A ban on women driving has been lifted and there are plans to begin issuing licenses to women, even allowing them to drive motorcycles. This year women will also be allowed to attend sporting matches in national stadiums, where they were previously banned. Movie theaters, shut down in the 1980s during a wave of ultraconservatism, are returning to the Kingdom. Previously, Saudis could stream movies online, watch them on satellite TV or travel to neighboring countries like Bahrain and the UAE. This past year, rapper Nelly and two Games of Thrones stars came to Saudi Arabia for the first time. John Travolta also visited the Kingdom, meeting with fans and talking to them about the US film industry. Saudi Arabia also held two Comic Con events in major cities, where thousands of fans dressed up in their favorite action-hero costumes. Actors Julian Glover and Charles Dance, Grand Maester Pycelle and Tywin Lannister from HBO's 'Game of Thrones', made an appearance at one as rock music blared in the halls. 
968796524577738752	2018-02-28 10:34:25	https://t.co/3QJafjjbju	Super-strength cannabis now makes up 94 per cent of all marijuana https://t.co/3QJafjjbju	 The cannabis market is almost completely dominated by the dangerous super-strength 'skunk' variety blamed for triggering psychotic disorders, a major study has found. The potent strain has all but forced out the lower-strength form of the drug, and made up 94 per cent of all cannabis seized in 2016. In 2005, just 51 per cent of cannabis seized was skunk. The study – led by King's College London – analysed nearly 1,000 samples of cannabis seized by police in drug raids in London, Kent, Derbyshire, Merseyside and Sussex. Psychiatrists have warned that smokers of the 'high-potency' cannabis have a greatest risk of spiralling into mental illness, with young people especially vulnerable. A series of cases have highlighted the link between the potent drug and mental health problems. Dr Marta Di Forti, a clinician scientist at King's College London, said: 'In previous research we have shown that regular users of high-potency cannabis carry the highest risk for psychotic disorders, compared to those who have never used cannabis. The increase of high-potency cannabis on the streets poses a significant hazard to users' mental health, and reduces their ability to choose more benign types.' The study, published in the journal Drug Testing and Analysis, found that the rise in skunk's popularity had been mirrored by a fall in availability of weaker cannabis resin, which has a THC content of 6 per cent, up from 4 per cent in 2008, but a lot lower than the 14 per cent found in skunk. THC is the compound which gives users a 'high'. Resin's share of the illicit drug market fell from 43 per cent in 2005, to 6 per cent in 2016. In London it is even lower, with 99 per cent of cannabis seizures comprising skunk. One of the reasons skunk is so harmful is that it contains very low levels of a compound called CBD, which prevents psychosis. CBD content is 0.29 per cent, compared to 6 per cent in resin. Dr Di Forti, a practising psychiatrist, said: 'If the availability of skunk goes up, there is a risk we will see a greater number of people developing psychosis.' She added that based on previous research, if young people smoke skunk daily they push up their risk of developing psychosis from one in 100 – the risk for non-drug takers – to one in 20. Dr Di Forti said: 'We know that saying 'Don't do this, don't do that' to teenagers can have the opposite effect, but my advice is that important changes are happening to your brain and substances that can have an effect on your brain can alter it. 'No drugs should be used when the brain is developing.' Colleague Dr Tom Freeman said: 'This valuable study... clearly shows that the illicit UK cannabis market is more dominated by harmful forms of cannabis than ever before. This data may help to explain why an increasing number of young people are now seeking professional treatment for cannabis problems.' Professor Valerie Curran, professor of psychopharmacology, UCL, said: 'Evidence from our own previous research at UCL suggests that high-potency varieties are more likely to lead to addiction, so if the market is dominated by these varieties, then this inevitably puts more people at risk of addiction.' A paranoid schizophrenic stabbed two health professionals before setting fire to a secure unit after smoking up to £60 of skunk a day, a court heard. Myha Grant's use of the drug, as well as the former legal high Spice, was said to have 'destabilised' his mental state. The 31-year-old was a patient at the Bracton Centre in Dartford, Kent, in July last year when he went on a knife rampage, shouting 'Allahu Akhbar' as he repeatedly slashed nurse Julius Falomo. Mr Falomo suffered 17 life-threatening wounds while his colleague, health care assistant Francis Barrett, was stabbed at least six times. Grant was at the medium security psychiatric unit following an unprovoked, random attack in Brixton, south-west London, when he struck a man in the head with a champagne bottle. Maidstone Crown Court in Kent heard earlier this month that Grant's drug abuse started at 13, and by 16, he was smoking up to £60 of skunk cannabis a day. The shop worker has since been diagnosed with several mental conditions. After stabbing the two health workers, Grant set fire to a pile of his clothes. Prosecutor Simon Taylor said Grant was crying out 'Allahu Akhbar' and 'Jah Rastafa' as he repeatedly stabbed Mr Falomo. Grant, who was initially charged with attempted murder, admitted two offences of wounding with intent and one of arson. He has been detained in Broadmoor hospital for 16 years. Judge Jeremy Carey said: 'Your history of smoking cannabis from a young age, and in substantial quantities and regularly, and your use of Spice, suggests in a psychiatrist's opinion destabilisation of your mental state, leading to an increase in your psychotic symptoms and level of paranoia.'
968792566459256832	2018-02-28 10:18:41	https://t.co/xJsVpsNzBp	Norway will ban semi-automatic firearms from 2021 https://t.co/xJsVpsNzBp	 Norway plans to ban semi-automatic firearms as of 2021, a decade after right-wing extremist Anders Behring Breivik's mass shooting that left 69 people dead. A bill proposing the ban was presented last year by the Norwegian government, and there is a parliamentary majority in support ahead of a vote, a lawmaker has said. Plans for the ban has been underway since 2012, with the delay in drafting the proposal attributed to many hunters in Norway using semi-automatic firearms. The bill allows for several exemptions, in particular for shooting sports, but was not immediately clear how the new law would affect hunters. 'Today (Tuesday), it has become clear that there is a parliamentary majority in favour of the government's proposal. Semi-automatic weapons will therefore be banned in Norway,' Peter Frolich, a Conservative member of parliament's standing committee on judicial affairs, told AFP. The Utoya massacre in Norway took place on July 22, 2011, when Breivik entered a Norway Labour Party youth camp disguised as a police officer. Armed with a Ruger Mini-14 semi-automatic rifle and a Glock pistol, Breivik killed 69 people, most of them teenagers. Just a few hours before the camp attack, he had killed eight people in a bombing outside a government building in Oslo. A report published the following year by a commission tasked with drawing conclusions from the attacks, called for a ban on semi-automatic weapons, one of its 31 recommendations. 'This decision is a very good thing, even if it comes belatedly,' the head of a Utoya victims' support group, Lisbeth Kristine Royneland, said. Breivik, 39, who now goes by the name Fjotolf Hansen, was sentenced in 2012 to 21 years in prison, which can be extended indefinitely as long as he remains a threat to society. The ban comes amid renewed debate on semi-automatic weapons in the United States, following the school shooting in Parkland, Florida that claimed the lives of 17 students and teachers on February 14. A former student, Nikolas Cruz, 19, who authorities say was expelled last year for unspecified disciplinary problems and had numerous run-ins in the law, has been charged with 17 counts of premeditated murder. He is accused of carrying out the shooting rampage with a semiautomatic AR-15-style assault weapon that he legally purchased from a licensed gun dealer last year, when he was 18 years of age.
968787623169884160	2018-02-28 09:59:03	https://t.co/8BG2bPFni6	Lassa fever death toll hits 90 as the Government deploys rapid support team to Nigeria https://t.co/8BG2bPFni6	 The Government has deployed a rapid response team in Nigeria as scientists work round-the-clock to contain Lassa fever. Health officials in the African country state that 90 people have been killed in the unprecedented outbreak so far this year. And Public Health England announced it will send four specialists amid fears the crisis could soon spiral out of control. It is just the sixth time the UK Public Health Rapid Support team has been deployed since it was created two years ago. Help was requested directly by the Nigerian Government, which has already praised international aid efforts from the World Health Organization. In a statement this morning, PHE described the outbreak of Lassa fever - which can cause bleeding from the vagina - as 'unusually severe'. The announcement comes just a week after the World Health Organization named Lassa fever in its list of pathogens that pose the most 'urgent' threat. At least 1,081 suspected cases of the killer disease have been recorded since the turn of the year, Nigeria's Center for Disease Control states. It has nearly doubled in the space of two weeks and this outbreak carries a much higher death toll than the usual one per cent. In February 2018, The World Health Organization released its annual list of lethal bugs that they warned there is an 'urgent' need to accelerate research into. The ones that they prioritised were: Professor Daniel Bausch, director of the UK-PHRST warned the 'Lassa fever situation in Nigeria has been worsening'. He said: '[It] now requires an escalated level of response in order to help the Nigerian government slow transmission and save lives. Public Health Minister Steve Brine echoed the sentiments. He said: 'Viruses like Lassa fever do not respect borders. 'And it is only right that we share our expertise with countries facing serious outbreaks around the world.' The UK-PHRST has sent an expert in patient management, two epidemiologists - the art of tracking diseases - and a logistician to Nigeria. The team, ran in partnership with the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine, was created in November 2016. It was established in the aftermath of the Ebola crisis that was officially declared as over at the start of 2016. The haemorrhagic fever killed at least 11,000 across the world, including one in the US. Ministers were keen to prevent a similar medical emergency from striking again that could potentially claim millions of lives. Elsie Ilori, head of the NCDC’s Lassa Fever Emergency Operations Centre, described the situation as 'overwhelming' last week. Scientists first identified the virus causing Lassa fever in 1969. It belongs to the Arenaviridae family. According to the World Health Organization, only 20 per cent of victims will report any symptoms. Lassa fever is endemic in Nigeria and several other countries on the west coast of Africa, including Liberia and Guinea, according to the WHO. Symptoms begin with headaches, sore throats and vomiting, but it can trigger bleeding from the mouth, nose or vagina. However, they gradually progress to shock, seizures, tremors, disorientation and comas without prompt treatment. A quarter of patients will also experience temporary deafness that will eventually return, medical literature states. Pregnant women who contract the disease late in pregnancy face an 80 per cent chance of losing their child or dying themselves. It can either be spread by rats or from person-to-person by exposure to bodily fluids of someone who is infected. In an interview with Bloomberg, she explained that the current outbreak is 'more than what we have seen before'. The UK Public Health Rapid Support, ran in partnership with the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine, was created in November 2016. It was established in the aftermath of the Ebola crisis that was officially declared as over at the start of 2016. The haemorrhagic fever killed at least 11,000 across the world, including one in the US. It has been sent to: The Lassa fever outbreak, which has struck 17 of Nigeria's 36 states, has already prompted international aid efforts. Nigerian officials praised the WHO earlier this week for its efforts in containing the outbreak, despite figures showing cases are on the rise. Lassa fever is endemic in Nigeria and several other countries on the west coast of Africa, including Liberia and Guinea, according to the WHO. Symptoms begin with headaches, sore throats and vomiting, but it can trigger bleeding from the mouth, nose or vagina. However, they gradually progress to shock, seizures, tremors, disorientation and comas without prompt treatment. A quarter of patients will also experience temporary deafness that will eventually return, medical literature states. Pregnant women who contract the disease late in pregnancy face an 80 per cent chance of losing their child or dying themselves. It can either be spread by rats or from person-to-person by exposure to bodily fluids of someone who is infected.
968782592580440064	2018-02-28 09:39:03	https://t.co/pU4co0cTpI	Civilians trapped in Syrian rebel enclave condemn Putin's 'humanitarian pause' https://t.co/pU4co0cTpI	 Civilians are still dying in Syria's bombardment of Eastern Ghouta with no sign of aid deliveries or evacuations despite Russia's promised 'humanitarian pause'. Seven people died on the ceasefire's first day, which began at 9am local time on Tuesday, after the Russian-backed regime broke the five-hour truce an hour early. Government forces made significant ground over the course of the day in ferocious street fighting against rebels, advancing through the area's eastern edge. 'This Russian truce is a farce. Russia is killing us and bombing us every day,' said Samer al-Buaidhani, a 25-year-old from Douma, Eastern Ghouta's main hub. 'I don't believe it's safe for me or my family to leave by this system.' The truce had been set up to allow civilians to leave, after a week-long government offensive killed more than 500 people, including more than 120 children. Residents have spent nine days hiding in their basements, only venturing out on often deadly trips to check if there homes were still standing and to buy food. Many of the more than 400,000 civilians were trapped in the wreckage of their own homes and bled to death as even rescuers were targeted. Moscow's plan falls short of a broader 30-day ceasefire it agreed to at the United Nations Security Council but which has yet to take effect, and inspired little trust from among the besieged enclave's residents. Syria deployed buses to transport residents wanting to use a humanitarian corridor to flee what UN chief Antonio Guterres called 'hell on Earth'. But no civilians were seen venturing towards the regime forces guarding the checkpoint, where large portraits of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and Russian President Vladimir Putin could be seen side-by-side. The 'humanitarian pause' echoed a similar tactic employed by Russia and Syrian regime during the ferocious battle to force rebels out of Aleppo in 2016. Russia's defence ministry accused armed groups in Eastern Ghouta of shelling the corridor, and said rebel fighters had 'continued attacking the positions of the government forces' and 'went on the offensive in other directions too'. 'These are the militants, including terror groups, who counter the government and are creating problems linked to prioritization of this decision,' Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergey Ryabkov said. 'There are also forces supporting the anti-government opposition in Syria behind it.' He said Western countries should 'start with themselves' and fulfill the UN Security Council Resolution 2401 on a humanitarian pause in Syria. 'They continue screaming that it is allegedly impossible to implement in Eastern Ghouta what is written down in the Resolution 2401,' he said. 'The resolution needs to be implemented in full. They should start with themselves. We will constantly repeat to our US and French colleagues - start with yourselves.' Mr Ryabkov hit back at accusations by the West that Syrian and Russian bombardment of Eastern Ghouta was killing civilians. '[Those] who divide the world under a friend-or-foe principle regardless of what their people do and the methods they use, whether they are terrorists or not, they will still remain friends for these people,' he said. US State Department Spokesperson Heather Nauert claimed Russia was not truly committed to any ceasefire. 'They're not adhering to the ceasefire because they continue to sponsor and back Bashar al-Assad's government,' she said. Syrian state news agency SANA said a former Al-Qaeda affiliate present in the enclave was blocking civilians 'to use them as human shields'. International Committee of the Red Cross spokeswoman Iolanda Jaquemet said any evacuation needed deeper coordination. 'Under international humanitarian law, humanitarian corridors are things which need to be well planned and must be implemented with the consent of parties on all sides, not only with one side,' she said. Since February 18, 582 civilians, almost a quarter of them children, have been killed in the Syrian and Russian bombardment of Eastern Ghouta, making it one of the bloodiest episodes of the country's seven-year-old conflict. Fourteen of the dead, including five children, were pulled from the rubble on Tuesday after being killed in the past two days, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights war monitor said. In Damascus, the state news agency said a civilian was killed and five others wounded by shelling from 'terrorist organisations'. In Hammuriyeh, another town in the sprawling semi-rural enclave, Mohammed Abdullah said the pause left civilians with a choice between two evils. 'The truce is not in the people's interest, we have two options: death or displacement,' the 30-year-old said. 'The campaign we were targeted with was an extermination campaign, not a simple bombardment. What we want is a full and permanent ceasefire for all of Ghouta,' he said. That sentiment was echoed by the dominant rebel groups in Eastern Ghouta, who sent a letter to the United Nations stating their willingness to expel jihadists as soon as a full ceasefire takes effect. The letter said such an evacuation, which has been discussed previously but never yielded any result, would take 15 days and start when a UN truce takes effect. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov reacted cautiously to the statement and said after meeting French counterpart Jean-Yves Le Drian that the ball was in the rebel groups' court. 'We shall see in practice whether the pleas by the three illegal armed groups... to carry out the UNSC resolution correspond with their intentions,' he said. A top US general accused Moscow of playing an 'incredibly destabilising' role in Syria by claiming it wants to settle the civil war while at the same time stoking the conflict. The UN Security Council will meet Wednesday afternoon to discuss the humanitarian situation and hear from UN aid chief Mark Lowcock. The Syrian government lost control of Eastern Ghouta area of Damascus in 2012 and has besieged it almost ever since. The latest scenario put in place by the regime and its Russian ally was reminiscent of the deal that ended the battle of Aleppo in 2016. Few civilians back then initially used the Aleppo corridors unilaterally announced by Russia. Some started fleeing after renewed bombardment and the rest eventually evacuated when a multilateral deal was reached with Turkey. North Korea sent ballistic missile and chemical weapons components to Syria along with missile technicians in violation of UN sanctions, UN experts said. A panel of experts monitoring Pyongyang's transfer of prohibited ballistic missile, conventional arms and dual use goods discovered more than 40 previously unreported shipments to Syria between 2012 and 2017. The regime also gave banned ballistic missiles systems to Burma along with multiple rocket launchers and surface-to-air missiles. Arms sales, flouting of oil and gas sanctions, and illegally exporting commodities netted North Korea £144m in just nine months last year, their report said. Syria is accused of of using chemical weapons against rebel-controlled areas including recently in the Damascus suburb of eastern Ghouta, which President Bashar Assad's government denies. North Korea's Ryonhap-2 Corporation was in 2008 involved in a Syrian ballistic missile program, the 'manoeuvrable re-entry vehicle (MARV) Scud D (MD) project,' the report said. In August 2016 a technical delegation was 'involved the transfer to Syria of special resistance valves and thermometers known for use in chemical weapons programmes'. An unnamed UN member state reported that Syria 'continues to operate at chemical weapons and missile facilities at Barzeh, Adra and Hama'. The report said Syria denied the charges but didn't supply documents supporting this claim and a list of all North Koreans who have travelled to Syria 'There are no DPRK technical companies in Syria and the only presence of some DPRK individuals are confined in the field of sports under private individual contracts for training athletics and gymnastics,' it said. For many years, the panel said the DPRK Corst Company acted on behalf of the Second Economic Committee, which is under sanctions, to ship goods to Syria for use in prohibited programs. The report also detailed previously unreported arms shipments and cooperation with North Korean front companies for those under UN sanctions between 2010 and 2017. The transactions 'showed further evidence of arms embargo and other violations, including through the transfer of items with utility in ballistic missile and chemical weapons programs', it said. The panel also examined 13 shipping containers shipped to Syria from a Chinese company filled with 'acid resistant tiles' that could be used to make a chemical factory.
968779015254347776	2018-02-28 09:24:50	https://t.co/rzuOO3W6f0	Drink driver is caught taking shortcut down flight of steps but ends up wedged against a wall https://t.co/rzuOO3W6f0	 A drink driver who was caught taking a shortcut down a flight of steps to avoid a carnival but ended up wedged against a wall has been handed a four-month suspended prison sentence. The reveller was filmed performing the brainless manoeuvre in his Mercedes after a night out at a Gran Canaria carnival. He told police who arrested him he had taken the shortcut after discovering a road was closed in the town of Arguineguin because of a carnival procession. Scroll down for video The unnamed 42-year-old, who comes from the capital Las Palmas, accepted his punishment along with an eight-month driving ban after appearing before a judge on Tuesday. Footage taken by a passer-by showing him reaching the bottom of the steps in his Mercedes A-class before finding his path blocked by two parked cars. The driver was sentenced by a criminal court in San Bartolome de Tirajana after admitting his guilt. A court official, who identified him only by his initials J.L.R, said: 'He has accepted a four month prison sentence, which he won't have to serve because he has got no previous convictions, and an eight month driving ban.' Revealing he had agreed to the punishment after refusing to take a breath test when he was stopped by police, he added: 'It has been found proven that the accused was driving through Arguineguin on Saturday night and decided to take a short cut down a steep flight of steps when he found the road blocked by a carnival procession. 'He didn't pull the manoeuvre off because he ended up practically trapped against a wall. 'When police reached the scene the driver, who was showing obvious signs of being under the influence of drink, refused to take a breath test. 'He appeared in court on Tuesday and admitted his guilt.' Last July another Spanish drink driver ended up on steps in a pedestrian square nearly 150 miles from his intended destination. The driver was filmed asking a police officer when he appeared on the scene as he tried to reverse the vehicle whether he had reached Badajoz - despite being in Seville 135 miles south. The 40-year-old motorist was later found to be four times over the drink-drive limit. 
968774675659706369	2018-02-28 09:07:36	https://t.co/ys7hKKeQLN	Legends of Bollywood gather to pay their respects to actress Sridevi Kapoor ahead of her funeral https://t.co/ys7hKKeQLN	 The husband and daughters of Bollywood legend Sridevi Kapoor were seen standing over her body as her funeral went underway in Mumbai, with thousands of heartbroken fans lining the streets following her shock death in a Dubai hotel last week. The 54-year-old actress drowned in the bath in her hotelroom in Dubai, and after a short investigation local police ruled out foul play, allowing her remains to be returned to India. Boney Kapoor and the couple's daughters Jhanvi and Khushi were later seen riding along the casket on a truck while crying fans surrounded the funeral cortege. Bollywood star Sonam Kapoor, the actress’s niece, made a heartfelt plea tonight for the love to continue for Sridevi’s daughters. She said: 'The past few days have been trying times for us as a family. Today has been one of the hardest. We laid to rest a beautiful soul who is gone too soon. 'She leaves behind a legacy that is unique. Her talent was undeniable. Her beauty unmatched and her ability to connect with the audience was legendary. 'She had the same connect with her family as well. The one thing that helped us all get through the past few days was the amazing amount of support and love from everyone. 'The outpouring of love is the memory that we would like the daughters Khusi and Janhvi to have of their mother, a woman who was loved unquestionably by everyone. 'Let us all who loved Sri envelope her two little ones, her life, as she called them with as much or more love than we gave Sri so that they can live their lives ahead with a little less ache in their hearts. 'Let us help them remember their mother fondly with that lovely twinkle in her eye and help them build a life and be what she had dreamt for them.' The husband of Bollywood actress Sridevi, who drowned in a hotel bathtub here, tonight broke his silence to pay a heartbreaking tribute. Boney Kapoor said he found it difficult to find the right words to describe his pain after India mourned her passing and her funeral took place with thousands turning out to pay their respects in Mumbai. Mr Kapoor, 62, a film producer, who was married to the star for 21 years, said: ‘Losing a friend and mother of your two young daughters is a loss inexplicable in words. ‘...To me she was my love, my friend, mother to our girls, my partner. ‘To our daughters she was their everything…their life. She was the axis around which our family ran. ‘The curtains never come down on an actor’s life because they shone on the silver screen forever. ‘My only concern at this time is to protect my daughters and find a way to move forward without Sri. ‘She was our life, our strength and the reason we always smiled. We love her beyond measure.’ Mr Kapoor was in her hotel suite on Saturday evening when she failed to emerge from the bathroom. When he forced open the door, she had drowned. Police have confirmed her death was accidental and sources in Dubai said he had been devastated and was ‘breaking down every ten minutes’ over the four days it took to clear formalities and fly her body back to Mumbai for today’s Hindu funeral service After countless Bollywood stars and thousands of fans turned out at the funeral in Mumbai, he appealed for privacy. He said:’ As we bid goodbye to my beloved wife and Kushi and Janhvi’s mama, I have a sincere request. Please respect our need to grieve privately. ‘If you need to talk of Sri, let it be of the special memories that connect each of you to her. ‘She was and is an actor that is irreplaceable. Love and respect her for that.’ His final message to his wife who died while he waited for her to finish a bath and join him for a romantic meal was: ‘Rest in peace my love. Our lives will never be the same again.’ By early Wednesday morning, fans had begun lining up along a security fence outside the private members club near Sridevi's home where the body has been laid out before the funeral tonight. Some carried roses while others held photos of the late screen icon as they queued patiently to pay their final respects at a condolence service in the western Indian city. 'It's a shock to believe that she is no more. We want to pay her one last visit today and thank her for all her wonderful performances,' Nandini Rao, a 32-year-old teacher said. One mourner, a man who gave his name only as Prashant, arrived at about 7am, hours before anyone was to be allowed in. 'No matter how long I have to wait, I will wait,' he said, clutching a small bouquet of flowers. 'I'll wait until I'm able to pay my respects. I saw all her movies,' he said, grief clearly visible on his face. A string of Mercedes and Audis ferried family members, Bollywood stars and VIPs in through another gate, at the Celebration Sports Club in the Andheri West area of Mumbai - the home of the Bollywood film industry. Today Bollywood celebrities, dressed in white which is a Hindu tradition for mourning, were turning out at the Celebration Sports Club in Lokhandwala, Mumbai, for her funeral. Her body was dressed in her favourite red and golden saree for her final journey and contained in a glass casket. Police had to 'lathi charge' - use their batons - on the growing crowd, said to number more than 7,000, which included people who had travelled hundreds of miles to be there. Several fans chanted prayers as Sridevi's body was brought the short distance from her home to the club at 9am (3.30am GMT). 'I'm an avid Sridevi fan. I loved her smiling personality. She had such a commanding presence in the Indian film industry. Her death was so sudden and I feel terrible,' 45-year-old Kuldeep Singh said Sridevi's body is due to leave the ground at 2pm to embark on its final journey. She will be cremated at a private Hindu ceremony later on Wednesday. Sridevi was considered to be one of the most influential Bollywood actresses of all time and her sudden death at the weekend sparked an outpouring of grief in India. Tributes poured in from fans and fellow actors as well as Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Birmingham-born Bollywood actress and rapper Hard Kaur, who worked in a TV advert with Sridevi last month, told MailOnline: 'There will only ever be one of her kind. 'There are actresses in Bollywood who tell directors that they can’t appear like this or that or wear this or that as they have to look “hot” all the time. 'Sridevi didn’t mind playing any part and she once appeared in a movie as Charlie Chaplin. Her comic timing was brilliant. 'She always lit up the screen and her dance moves were so special. Kids used to copy her. She inspired me as a child when I first saw her in movies when I was around seven as she had this incredible tough and equally sweet side to her. ‘Just like in music there can only be one Michael Jackson. In Bollywood there will only ever be one Sridevi. ‘I saw her a few months ago in a restaurant in Mumbai and I told her she was the original gangster actress and the original dynamite inspiration for those of us who went into Bollywood after her. ‘I’m so devastated at her death. We worked together on a noodles TV advert recently. ‘She was such an incredibly healthy and beautiful woman who carried herself with great natural ease. ‘ The star of hit films such as 'Chandi' and 'Mr India' drowned in her bathtub after losing consciousness late Saturday in a hotel in Dubai, where she was attending a wedding. Police in the emirate said a post-mortem examination found that she had drowned after losing consciousness. On Tuesday they ruled out any foul play and released the body to Sridevi's family. Her husband, filmmaker Boney Kapoor, who helped Dubai police as a witness was ‘breaking down every 10 minutes and repeatedly declaring ‘I can’t believe she has gone.’ A senior Bollywood source, who spoke with him, added: ‘The hysterical and wrongful belief that his wife was murdered has really hurt him and his family. ‘I had known Boney and Sridevi for many years and their marriage was very close and very stable. With their daughters they were the happiest family you could meet.’ The claim that Sridevi, who was a Bollywood icon, was murdered was made by Subramanian Swamy, leader of India’s Bharatiya Janata Party, but police are adamant that her death was accidental. Mr Kapoor, 62, met with Dubai police as a witness and throughout his interview was ‘genuinely devastated’ by his wife’s death in her hotel bathroom while he waited for on Saturday evening. 1969 - Sridevi starred in her first film Thunaivan at the age of just four 1976 - She starred in her first adult role aged 13 in south Indian film Moondru Mudichu 1979 - The actress starred in her first Hindi film, Solva Sawan 1983 - She shot to stardom with her role in comedy drama Himmatwala 1984 to 1997 - Sridevi continued starring in a number of commercially successful films, including Chandni 2004 - She starred on TV sitcom Malini Iyer 2012 - Sridevi launched her comeback with hit film English Vinglish 2017 - Her last film to be released was thriller Mom An official who met with him before he flew back to Mumbai last night with his wife’s body told MailOnline ‘There is no question at all that her death was anything but an accident. ‘It is a terrible tragedy for all concerned especially for Mr Kapoor. When I met with him and his family, it was a very sad scene. One really must feel for him. ‘These accidents do occur and in fact I read this morning that there are thousands of death each year in bathrooms and one for every day in the US. ‘There was never any controversy on why it too three days to release her body. It takes that time for formalities to be carried out.’ Mr Kapoor’s journey back to India and then a ‘surprise’ return to Dubai within a few days to meet with his wife raised questions. But Mailonline can reveal he told investigators that he had gone back to India to speak at a meeting which India’s Prime Minister Narendra Modi also addressed along with industrialists in Uttar Pradesh. They spoke at a conference to raise investment in the Indian state. On Saturday morning he was seen passing back, looking cheerful, through Mumbai’s Chhatrapati Shivaji airport. He gave a ‘namaste’ greeting after being met by an official from Pranaam VIP guest services brandishing his name on a welcome card . He was then led through immigration and to his business class flight to Dubai. He was embarking on a trip back to Dubai to surprise his wife with a romantic dinner. But last night he arrived back in Mumbai and broke down in tears again in the arms of his brother Anil, star of the Oscar winning movie Slumdog Millionaire. Born as Shree Amma Yanger Ayyapa in the state of Tamil Nadu, Sridevi began acting in south Indian cinema at the age of four. She then moved into Bollywood, where she rocketed to stardom by way of the 1983 film Himmatwala. The belle époque of her career was the 1980s and 1990s, during which her releases included the superhero movie Mr India, the separated-at-birth comedy ChaalBaaz, the revenge fantasy Nagina and the romantic triangle drama Tohfa. Her incredible film career saw her work in Hindi, Tamil, Telugu, Kannada and Malayalam, and in 2013 she was fêted with the Padma Shri, the fourth highest of the civilian honours granted by the Government Of India. Sridevi was in her heyday a massive box office draw, in addition to which she won five Filmfare Awards, the Hindi movie industry's answer to the Oscars. After marrying Boney Kapoor in 1996, Sridevi got another Filmfare nod for her performance in 1997's Judaai before withdrawing from the movies. A 15-year big screen hiatus followed, during which she and Boney brought up two daughters - Jhanvi, 20, and Khushi, 17. The time eventually came when Sridevi itched to return to films, and she launched her comeback with the 2012 hit English Vinglish, which India submitted unsuccessfully to the Oscars. Her last film release was the 2017 thriller Mom, which was reported to be her 300th motion picture, and of which the Times Of India rhapsodized that 'Sri demonstrates why she is the high-priestess of desi cinema.'
968770360530427904	2018-02-28 08:50:27	https://t.co/sTD3nIzzzA	Bridegroom is shot dead by a stray bullet after a guest opens fire to celebrate wedding at Indian ceremony https://t.co/sTD3nIzzzA	 A bridegroom in New Delhi has been killed by a stray bullet after a member of his wedding party opened fire to celebrate the occasion. Deepak Kumar, 21, was shot while leading the party to his bride's home in the Indian capital on Tuesday evening. Police said a guest dancing with the wedding party opened fire but a stray round struck the husband-to-be. The victim was a bus conductor and the sole breadwinner of his family, it was reported. 'He collapsed and was rushed to hospital where he was declared dead after midnight,' Nupur Prasad, deputy commissioner of Delhi police, told AFP. Firing weapons in the air at weddings and other festivities is a common celebration across South Asia and is known as 'ghudchadhi' in India. The practice is illegal in India but remains rife, though fatalities are relatively few. Prasad said the groom's family had identified the man who fired the bullet. 'It is an ongoing investigation and we are trying to ascertain the source of his weapon,' he said. Amit, one of the wedding guests, told the Times of India newspaper there 'were a couple of people carrying guns for celebratory firing, which is considered a tradition in the family'. Police have not yet managed to recover the gun, the paper reported. The incident was reported around 8.30pm and police arrived at the scene soon after. The groom's relatives had by then taken him to Guru Teg Bahadur Hospital. Police are looking to interview the videographer, who left after the shooting, as well as others who attended the wedding, the Times of India said. In 2016 a groom was accidentally blasted in the head by a guest at his own wedding in India - but somehow survived. 
968765560568909824	2018-02-28 08:31:23	https://t.co/IoyThswxwC	Revealed: The parenting hacks you NEED to know https://t.co/IoyThswxwC	 It can be difficult to keep your house in order with youngsters running about. But now, a group of parents have revealed their top tips that will make your life a whole lot easier. The hacks, compiled by Diply, include putting a slinky on the hot water tap to stop your child scalding their fingers. Meanwhile, creating a 'DIY toy zone' in your living room will help to contain all the mess in one place. Other creative hacks include putting a coffee filter in the potty to make cleaning easier after your young one's used it, and using an empty shampoo bottle as a tap extender. And when you go on holiday, you can pack your child's outfits for each day in separate zip bags - leaving you feeling like parent of the year...
968758174806347779	2018-02-28 08:02:02	https://t.co/dZWmirjgGf	A simple urine test could measure how much our bodies have aged and how long we have left to live https://t.co/dZWmirjgGf	 A simple urine test could measure how much our bodies have aged and even how long left we have to live, new research suggests. Scientists discovered a certain substance, known as 8-oxoGsn, which indicates cell damage, increases in people's urine as they get older. By determining people's 'internal age', it may be possible to assess their risk of suffering age-related illnesses and even premature death, according to the researchers. The efficient urine-analysis technique used by the scientists, which assessed the samples of up to 10 individuals in an hour, may be useful in future studies investigating the link between 8-oxoGsn and biological ageing, they add. Critics argue, however, ageing alone does not accurately indicate the onset of diseases, adding the study did not investigate a link between 8-oxoGsn and conditions associated with the elderly, such as Parkinson's. Study author Dr Jian-Ping Cai, from the National Centre of Gerontology in China, said: 'Urinary 8-oxoGsn may reflect the real condition of our bodies better than our chronological age, and may help us to predict the risk of age-related diseases.' Humans may live to 120 in just 60 years time, a leading expert claimed in May 2017. Research reveals it is possible to slow down our biological, or 'inner', ageing process, which could help us to live decades beyond the current life expectancy of 81. Drugs that interact with our DNA maintain the function of our bodies for longer, the research suggests. Experts stress, however, this must be combined with a healthy lifestyle for full effect. Yet, how a 120-year-old life expectancy may impact people's quality of life is unclear. The side effects of such treatments are also unknown. Several European countries are in talks to start drug trials within the next three years. Professor Vladimir Khavinson, head of the St. Petersburg Institute of Bioregulation and Gerontology, said: 'It is important to understand that nobody would want to live a long and unhealthy life. 'The main goal for us now must be to allow people to stay healthy for as long as possible into their old age.' Six of these drugs are already available in Russia. These include Thymalin to maintain immune system function and Cortexin to preserve brain activity. The drugs work on the so-called 'peptide technology theory', which states that interacting with DNA increases protein production that prolongs lifespan. Speaking at the international symposium on longevity in Geneva, Professor Khavinson added: 'One of the key indicators of ageing is the reduction of protein synthesis. 'We have come to the conclusion that it is possible to restore it to a normal level with the use of peptide bioregulators and have found an optimal way to maintain natural peptide production of a sufficient quantity. 'The technology developed by our scientific institute is based on the extraction of peptides from the tissues of young healthy animals that have the same structure as human tissues.' A similar study conducted by researchers at the GLMED medical center in Moscow assessed 60 age markers throughout such drugs' treatment in participants aged 31-to-72 years old. Results suggested that, when combined with a healthy lifestyle, the drugs reduce a person's biological age by an average of up to two years over 12 months. 'Urinary 8-oxoGsn is promising as a marker of ageing' Previous studies suggest 8-oxoGsn levels increase in the urine of animals as they age. The researchers therefore analysed urine samples from 1,228 Chinese residents aged between two and 90 years old. Dr Cai said: 'We found an age-dependent increase in urinary 8-oxoGsn in participants [aged] 21 years old and older. 'Therefore, urinary 8-oxoGsn is promising as a new marker of ageing.' Results suggest levels of 8-oxoGsn were roughly the same between the men and women participating in the study, except in post-menopausal females, who demonstrated higher levels. Speaking of the findings, Ilaria Bellantuono, professor of musculoskeletal ageing at the University of Sheffield, who was not involved in the study, said: 'This paper shows that it is possible to detect 8-oxoGsn in human urine and its increase correlates with increasing age. 'However, ageing is not a disease but a risk factor for age-related diseases, in the same way smoking is for lung cancer. 'Therefore it is not possible to say whether this could be used as marker to predict the occurrence of disease. 'For example, this paper does not show whether this marker is present at higher levels in people affected by diseases such as osteoporosis, diabetes, Parkinson's or whether it is present at higher level in people who then go on to develop those diseases in longitudinal studies.' The findings were published in the journal Frontiers in Ageing Neuroscience. Internal ageing may begin post-menopause in women Changes in the level and function of oxygen is thought to reflect people's internal age. Dr Cai said: 'Oxygen by-products produced during normal metabolism can cause oxidative damage to biomolecules in cells, such as DNA and RNA. 'As we age, we suffer increasing oxidative damage and so the levels of oxidative markers increase in our body.' This may occur after the menopause in women due to oestrogen having a known antioxidant effect. Having children ages women's DNA by 11 years This comes after research released earlier this month suggested having children ages women's DNA by 11 years. Giving birth shortens women's telomeres, which 'cap' the end of DNA strands and are associated with health, by around 4.2 per cent, a study found. Longer telomere lengths are linked to slower aging, longer lifespans and improved overall health. Such an extent of telomere shortening is greater than the effects of smoking or obesity demonstrated in previous studies. Study author Dr Anna Pollack from George Mason University, Virginia, told the New Scientist: 'We were surprised to find such a striking result. It is equivalent to around 11 years of accelerated cellular ageing.' The researchers believe this may be due to the stress of raising children, particularly in countries without mandatory maternity leave, such as the US. They stress, however, more research into the link between motherhood and genetic ageing is required, with Dr Pollack adding: 'We're not saying 'don't have children'. 
968753145433206785	2018-02-28 07:42:03	https://t.co/J0Sn5i2wA8	ISIS thugs tie up blindfolded prisoner before a baying crowd stones him to death for 'adultery' in Afghanistan https://t.co/J0Sn5i2wA8	 ISIS murderers tied up and blindfolded a man accused of adultery before encouraging a crowd to stone him to death in Afghanistan, pictures circulating online appear to show. The images, reportedly released by ISIS's Khorasan Province branch in Central and South Asia, show a group of bearded men standing in mountainous terrain with an ISIS flag behind them. Another image shows a blindfolded man in black down on his knees while, behind him, dozens of men stare at him with stones in their hands. The next image in the series shows the man lying down and surrounded by stones as the group of killers continues hurling the projectiles. The final picture shows what appears to be the man's dead body covered in fabric. Men and boys, one of whom is armed with a Kalashnikov rifle, look on at the corpse as it lies on a stretcher. Users posting on Twitter using hashtags associated with ISIS's Afghanistan branch said the man had been killed because he was accused of adultery. At the end of last month, gunmen and suicide bombers launched a pre-dawn attack on a military compound in Kabul, killing 11 soldiers in an attack claimed by ISIS. A series of recent assaults, including one of the deadliest bombs in Kabul in recent years, have left already war-weary citizens grief-stricken and angry as the Taliban and ISIS escalate their offensive. 'Two bombers detonated themselves and two were killed by our forces and one was detained alive,' a defence spokesman, Dawlat Waziri, said after the attack on January 29. Officials said the men, armed with a rocket, two Kalashnikovs and at least one suicide vest, had attempted to breach an army battalion near the Marshal Fahim military academy, where high-ranking officers are trained. In October a Taliban suicide bomber killed 15 Afghan army trainees as they travelled home from the Marshal Fahim academy. Militants including the Taliban and ISIS have stepped up their attacks on beleaguered Afghan troops and police in recent months, sapping morale already hit by desertions and corruption. Afghan troops have taken what the UN describes as 'shocking' casualties since international forces ended their combat role at the end of 2014, though troop casualty figures are no longer released.
968749294651084800	2018-02-28 07:26:44	https://t.co/tg6xqKMtbv	Giraffe struggles to see off a crocodile that attacked next to a watering hole – before getting eaten by lions https://t.co/tg6xqKMtbv	 This is the dramatic moment a doomed giraffe struggles to see off a crocodile that attacked next to a watering hole, before being eaten by lions. The giraffe was lying flat on the sand when it tried to stand up and pulled into view a monster crocodile that was latched to his leg. But the giraffe failed to get to his feet and crashed to the ground, trying but not succeeding in escaping the jaws of the giant croc. The astonishing footage was captured by freelance field guide and safari company owner Mario Paul, near Lower Sabie in South Africa. After leaving their breakfast stop the guide and his group were searching for a leopard when they saw a herd of giraffes staring into the riverbed. They initially thought the giraffe might have stumbled but instead the crocodile, which Mario estimates was up to five metres long, came into view. 'We sat there for over an hour, hoping the giraffe would somehow manage to escape the jaws of this giant croc,' said Mario. 'Every time the giraffe tried to get up my guests and I started tried to encourage the giraffe in the hope that it might help, but, every time we were met by the crushing fall of this unfortunate giraffe.' An hour later the giraffe had still not shaken the crocodile off, but when it eventually let go the giraffe had broken his leg and was unable to move. By the next day the resident pride of lions had come across the giraffe and finished it off. Mario said: 'This was very traumatic to watch and for some of my guests it was just too much and they couldn't stop their tears. 'It was very difficult to remain impartial, even though I knew this is nature. I also had very mixed emotions, on the one side I felt for the giraffe, but on the other side, I knew I was witnessing something that has probably never been recorded. That is nature for you.'
968748357752586240	2018-02-28 07:23:01	https://t.co/QftGmePdGj	Woman lived with her mummified mother for more than 30 YEARS https://t.co/QftGmePdGj	 A woman has been found living with the mummified body of her mother in a squalid apartment in Ukraine. Police believe the 77-year-old woman had kept the remains of her deceased mother for at least 30 years in a flat strewn with rubbish including stacks of newspapers. Officers found the body lying on a sofa next to religious iconography after being called to the address in the city of Mykolaiv by concerned neighbours. The body had been dressed in a white dress and head covering, with blue shoes and green socks. Her daughter - now an elderly woman herself - was found alive but paralysed in both legs. She was discovered lying on the floor in urgent need of assistance. There was no water, gas or electricity supply in her flat. A police report said: 'In order to rescue the 77-year-old woman, officers called the rescue service which helped to break into the flat. 'In one room on the floor was sitting a woman surrounded by rubbish. 'The pensioner could not walk and needed urgent help. 'An ambulance was called for her. 'Having checked other rooms, police found a mummified body of a woman.' The report went on: 'The woman pensioner lived alone, and did not communicate with her neighbours. She never opened her front door. 'Despite this, neighbours tried to take care of her and left food for her on the doorstep. 'Nobody guessed that the woman was living with a dead body of her mother. 'Now the mummified body was removed from the flat and sent to forensic experts. 'The pensioner is now in hospital.' A criminal investigation was opened by police. 
968700954160791553	2018-02-28 04:14:39	https://t.co/yocxwLuuZg	Astonishing moment Shaolin monk pierces a pane of glass with a needle https://t.co/yocxwLuuZg	 Slow motion cameras captured the exact moment when a Shaolin monk threw a thin needle at a pane of glass with enough force to break through it. The Slow Mo Guys, aka Gavin Free and Daniel Gruchy, invited three Shaolin monks to showcase the difficult skill during the latest episode of the The Super Slow Show, which was posted on YouTube on Monday. As Master Bruce explained in the video, the 'Needle Through Glass' move is one of the 72 Arts of Shaolin and requires more than 10 years of training to successfully master the ability to concentrate one's energy and then throw the slender needle, as if it were a dart, through glass. Master Feng Fei is then called on to demonstrate the move. To make it easier for the naked eye to witness the moment when the needle punches through the glass, Gruchy holds a red balloon behind a pane of glass held aloft by one of the monks. After a few practice moves, Master Feng Fei - standing just a few feet away from the glass pane - whips the needle forward and the balloon pops, seemingly of its own accord. It's only afterwards, when the damaged pane is held up and, then during a slow motion replay, that viewers realize the needle was thrown hard enough for it to have pierced the glass, not only sending shards of glass flying, but also popping the balloon. In a super slow motion replay, the camera captures the needle breaking through the glass for a split second, before ricocheting back towards Master Feng Fei due to the force of his throw. Later, Gruchy tries his hand at the trick. Despite his best efforts, the balloon remains unpopped, but he does manage to put a slight ding in the glass pane. 
968684966350606336	2018-02-28 03:11:07	https://t.co/HALDZ0iLGJ	2018 Sony World Photography Awards shortlist released https://t.co/HALDZ0iLGJ	 What do a World War Two veteran, a glacial river and a gentle-looking Orangutan have in common? They are all subjects featured in this year's Sony World Photography Awards. The prestigious competition has released its shortlist, which presents an array of compositions, from gorgeous natural landscapes to harsh human environments. Many of the photos highlight the politically vital nature of photography. One illustrates the plight of the rhino and the political plans that could halt its slide towards extinction. Another, a creative composition, recreates the chaos of Palestinians crossing Checkpoint 300, the barbed-wire barrier dividing Bethlehem and Jerusalem that workers must cross daily. Other snaps in the series highlight the simple beauty of our surroundings. One, of a horse tossing its caramel mane, is both hilarious and enticing. In another a photographer uses a drone to shoot cities from above. London, Macau and Hong Kong all feature, revealing hidden patterns and pleasing symmetry in the day-to-day. Now in its 11th year, the prestigious contest assesses the best international photography of the past year. Last year the total number of entries received since the award's inception in 2007 hit one million. A total prize fund of more than £20,000 will be split between the winning photographers, who will also be knitted out with state-of-the-art Sony photography equipment. All winners also receive Sony imaging equipment and their images are exhibited as part of a major exhibition at Somerset House in London from 20 April - 6 May.
968670877108834305	2018-02-28 02:15:08	https://t.co/b0hSE7a7fJ	Rafael Nadal pulls out of Mexican Open with same injury that forced him to quit Australian Open https://t.co/b0hSE7a7fJ	 Top seed Rafael Nadal has pulled out of this week's Mexican Open in Acapulco after aggravating the leg injury that forced him out of the Australian Open last month. The world No 2, who was due to face fellow Spaniard Feliciano Lopez on Wednesday, said he felt a sharp pain during his final training session on Tuesday and decided not to compete on the advice of his medical team. 'Doctors have told me that it is impossible to play, regardless of whether it hurts,' said Nadal. 'There is a significant risk of increasing the injury and I have no choice. 'I was well prepared to play and I had hopes of doing something important here.' Nadal, who has not competed since retiring against Marin Cilic in Melbourne last month, was in Acapulco hoping to close the gap on world No 1 Roger Federer. 'I still don't know what it is, because we don't know. It seems it's not as bad as what I had at the Australian Open,' the 31-year-old added. 'Now my main goal is to find out the extent of the injury.'
968667330367680512	2018-02-28 02:01:03	https://t.co/zDHrlN10h5	Revealed: The parenting hacks you NEED to know https://t.co/zDHrlN10h5	 It can be difficult to keep your house in order with youngsters running about. But now, a group of parents have revealed their top tips that will make your life a whole lot easier. The hacks, compiled by Diply, include putting a slinky on the hot water tap to stop your child scalding their fingers. Meanwhile, creating a 'DIY toy zone' in your living room will help to contain all the mess in one place. Other creative hacks include putting a coffee filter in the potty to make cleaning easier after your young one's used it, and using an empty shampoo bottle as a tap extender. And when you go on holiday, you can pack your child's outfits for each day in separate zip bags - leaving you feeling like parent of the year...
968662294325587968	2018-02-28 01:41:02	https://t.co/0SAf9k8BZS	Woman lived with her mummified mother for more than 30 YEARS https://t.co/0SAf9k8BZS	 A woman has been found living with the mummified body of her mother in a squalid apartment in Ukraine. Police believe the 77-year-old woman had kept the remains of her deceased mother for at least 30 years in a flat strewn with rubbish including stacks of newspapers. Officers found the body lying on a sofa next to religious iconography after being called to the address in the city of Mykolaiv by concerned neighbours. The body had been dressed in a white dress and head covering, with blue shoes and green socks. Her daughter - now an elderly woman herself - was found alive but paralysed in both legs. She was discovered lying on the floor in urgent need of assistance. There was no water, gas or electricity supply in her flat. A police report said: 'In order to rescue the 77-year-old woman, officers called the rescue service which helped to break into the flat. 'In one room on the floor was sitting a woman surrounded by rubbish. 'The pensioner could not walk and needed urgent help. 'An ambulance was called for her. 'Having checked other rooms, police found a mummified body of a woman.' The report went on: 'The woman pensioner lived alone, and did not communicate with her neighbours. She never opened her front door. 'Despite this, neighbours tried to take care of her and left food for her on the doorstep. 'Nobody guessed that the woman was living with a dead body of her mother. 'Now the mummified body was removed from the flat and sent to forensic experts. 'The pensioner is now in hospital.' A criminal investigation was opened by police. 
968657277250043904	2018-02-28 01:21:06	https://t.co/8xHeIvOaut	Princess Charlene of Monaco oozes old Hollywood glamour at a glittering awards show in Monte Carlo https://t.co/8xHeIvOaut	 Princess Charlene and Prince Albert of Monaco were the epitome of old-school glamour as they attended a glittering awards show on Tuesday night. The couple looked dazzling in black tie as they posed for photos on the red carpet of the Laureus World Sports Awards, in Salle des Etoiles, Monte Carlo. Charlene, 40, showed off her svelte frame in a slinky one-shoulder white gown, while Albert, 59, dressed down his tuxedo with a pair of white trainers. Charlene wore her short blonde hair swept in an elegant side parting and made a statement with a glossy red lip. The simplicity of her dress meant all eyes were on her glittering jewellery, which included a stunning pair of diamond chandelier earrings and a thick diamond bracelet. The couple, who have two children together, posed with their arms around each other on the red carpet before making their way inside. The royals were on hand to celebrate the achievements at the event, which is likened to the Oscars of the sporting world. The ceremony was hosted by actor Benedict Cumberbatch, 41, who enjoyed a rare date night with his wife, theatre director Sophie Hunter, 39. British stars Sir Mo Farah, Chris Froome and Lewis Hamilton have been shortlisted for sportsman of the year at the Laureus World Sports Awards. Known as sport's version of the Oscars, no British athlete has won the sportsman of the year award before, although Dames Jessica Ennis-Hill and Kelly Holmes have been named the world's top sportswoman in the past. The British trio are up against tennis greats Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal and Real Madrid and Portugal superstar Cristiano Ronaldo. There is also recognition for heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua in the breakthrough of the year category and two British entries for the best sporting moment: Jermain Defoe's friendship with cancer sufferer Bradley Lowery, who died in July aged just six, and teenage racer Billy Monger's return to Formula 4 despite losing his lower legs in a crash. 
968651799153512451	2018-02-28 00:59:20	https://t.co/3MCbhmJmBh	Former Barcelona and Spain striker Quini dies aged 68 https://t.co/3MCbhmJmBh https://t.co/hpAAN60Qg2	 A host of Barcelona current and former Barcelona players have paid tribute to former Spain forward Quini after he died following a heart attack close to his home in the northern city of Gijon on Tuesday. He was 68 years old. One of the best strikers in Spanish football history, Quini notched 231 league goals in 443 games for Sporting Gijon, while he also scored 54 times in 100 appearances for Barcelona. He won the Pichichi Trophy, awarded to the top scorer in La Liga, five times between 1974 and 1982, more than either Cristiano Ronaldo or Lionel Messi, and earned 35 caps for Spain, playing at both the 1978 and 1982 World Cups. 'Forever Quini', Messi wrote alongside a picture of himself chatting to the footballing legend in his younger years. Team-mate Andres Iniesta also posted a tribute, describing how much he would miss him. Former Barca forward David Villa followed suit, sharing a heartfelt message following the sad news. 'When I took my first steps in this profession I was fortunate to be blessed by the advice of the best Spanish striker of all time, I could never have go to where I go to without your help at the beginning of my career,' the Spaniard wrote. 'I will be eternally grateful friend. 'I remember that you told me that one day I would be a better striker than you and I apologise for not having succeeded but that was an impossible mission for any striker. 'We will miss you very much, not only because you have been the best as a forward, but also because you have been the best as a person. You will always be in my memory. I love you so much wizard.' Quini was kidnapped at gunpoint in 1981 after Barcelona's 6-0 victory against Hercules in which he scored twice. The Spaniardwas on his way to the airport to meet his wife and children, but failed to turn up and was reported missing the following day. He was held for 25 days by his takers, but released unharmed and went on to finish as top scorer in La Liga that season. He also netted twice for Barcelona in that season's Copa del Rey final victory over his former club Sporting Gijon.
968651136415813632	2018-02-28 00:56:42	https://t.co/f7AvSb4rLJ	Scientists recreate the genome of a flightless bird that's been extinct for 700 years https://t.co/f7AvSb4rLJ	 Scientists are one step closer to bringing back an extinct species of bird, not unlike what's depicted in Jurassic Park. The little bush moa, a flightless bird that inhabited parts of New Zealand, went abruptly extinct in the late 13th century as a result of overhunting. Now, a team of researchers from Harvard University have assembled a nearly complete genome of the extinct moa. To do so, they extracted ancient DNA from a single toe bone of a moa specimen held at the Royal Ontario Museum in Toronto. Scroll down for video Harvard scientists then slipped the DNA into the egg of a living species. The DNA was highly fragmented, so the scientists worked to piece together 900 million nucleotides and match them to specific locations on the genome of the emu, Statnews noted. Researchers used a new form of DNA sequencing called high-throughput sequencing to determine the little bush moa's nuclear genome 'High throughput sequencing has revolutionized the field of ancient DNA (aDNA) by facilitating recovery of nuclear DNA for greater inference of evolutionary processes of extinct species than is possible from mitochondrial DNA alone,' according to the study. Studying the nuclear DNA of the little bush moa gave scientists an even deeper look into the bird's evolutionary history. The little bush moa is a part of the palaeognathae clade of birds and counts kiwi, ostrich and emu as its cousins. In total, there were nine species of moa, each ranging in size but now all are extinct. Little bush moa were the smallest and most common variation of the species. They roamed forests in the North and South Islands of New Zealand before they and other moa species were hunted to extinction following the arrival of Polynesians in the late 700s, the NZ Herald said. Most were, on average, roughly four feet tall and weighed about 66 pounds, surviving off of twigs and other plant material. Experts say that the Harvard researchers' work could make it easier to bring other long lost species back from extinction. 'The fact that they could get a genome from a little bush moa toe is a big deal, since now we might be able to use their data to do other extinct bird species,' Ben Novak, lead scientist at nonprofit conservation group Revive and Restore, told Statnews. Bird genomes have similar structures, making it possible to reconstruct other species using the little bush moa's genes. De-extinction, or the process of bringing vanished species back to life, is becoming more and more common among researchers. Cloning is the most common form of de-extinction, but scientists can also slip ancient DNA sequences into the eggs of live species. Harvard researchers believe they may be able to bring the little bush moa back from extinction using this method. Scientists are also close to bringing the dodo out of extinction. The dodo is a flightless bird that went extinct from Mauritius, an island east of Madagascar, in the late 1600s. Aside from the dodo, scientists are also trying to revive the passenger pigeon, a wild pigeon that went extinct in the early 1900s. The passenger pigeon primarily resided in North America, primarily around the Great Lakes. Scientists have also reconstructed the genome of the Tasmanian tiger, which is native to Australia, Tasmania and New Guinea. It's believed to have gone extinct in the 20th century and is known for its striped lower back. However, some scientists have countered the idea of bringing back giant birds from extinction, believing that they'd be poor candidates for revival. In other cases, opponents of de-extinction believe scientists should focus on newer species that are under threat of extinction. 'De-extinction could be useful for inspiring new science and could be beneficial for conservation if we ensure it doesn't reduce existing conservation resources,' University of Queensland scientist Hugh Possingham said in a statement. 'However, in general it is best if we focus on the many species that need our help now,' he added. 
968647199608451074	2018-02-28 00:41:03	https://t.co/qKHWcYoZZS	Belgium's Mathilde and Philippe are treated to a traditional folk performance on a visit to St. Vith https://t.co/qKHWcYoZZS	 Queen Mathilde and King Philippe were treated to a traditional folk dance performance during a busy day of royal duties on Tuesday. The Belgian royals watched the show while on a visit to St. Vith, part of the country's German-speaking community. Dancers dressed in traditional costume lined up to meet the special guests and beamed as they posed for photos. The royals also met with children at a nearby local hospital during another stop on their tour of the region. Queen Mathilde, 45, brought a touch of colour to the grey winter's day in a vibrant floral-print dress. The royal paired the fuchsia and dark grey frock with a pair of semi-sheer tights and finished the look with a grey suede clutch. Outside wrapped up in an equally eye-catching pink and grey coat featuring a striking geometric striped print. Meanwhile Prince Philippe, 57, looked dapper in a suit and tie. Crowds gathered on the streets to catch a glimpse of the Belgian royals as they arrived in the town. Queen Mathilde, a mother of four, demonstrated her warm and caring nature as she stopped to speak to schoolchildren wearing traditional costumes. She was presented with a brightly coloured posy and was happy to answer questions as she passed. At the local hospital, the Belgian royals met with young patients and their families. 
968642202380460032	2018-02-28 00:21:12	https://t.co/DTBbMCsgQd	Giraffe struggles to see off a crocodile that attacked next to a watering hole – before getting eaten by lions https://t.co/DTBbMCsgQd	 This is the dramatic moment a doomed giraffe struggles to see off a crocodile that attacked next to a watering hole, before being eaten by lions. The giraffe was lying flat on the sand when it tried to stand up and pulled into view a monster crocodile that was latched to his leg. But the giraffe failed to get to his feet and crashed to the ground, trying but not succeeding in escaping the jaws of the giant croc. The astonishing footage was captured by freelance field guide and safari company owner Mario Paul, near Lower Sabie in South Africa. After leaving their breakfast stop the guide and his group were searching for a leopard when they saw a herd of giraffes staring into the riverbed. They initially thought the giraffe might have stumbled but instead the crocodile, which Mario estimates was up to five metres long, came into view. 'We sat there for over an hour, hoping the giraffe would somehow manage to escape the jaws of this giant croc,' said Mario. 'Every time the giraffe tried to get up my guests and I started tried to encourage the giraffe in the hope that it might help, but, every time we were met by the crushing fall of this unfortunate giraffe.' An hour later the giraffe had still not shaken the crocodile off, but when it eventually let go the giraffe had broken his leg and was unable to move. By the next day the resident pride of lions had come across the giraffe and finished it off. Mario said: 'This was very traumatic to watch and for some of my guests it was just too much and they couldn't stop their tears. 'It was very difficult to remain impartial, even though I knew this is nature. I also had very mixed emotions, on the one side I felt for the giraffe, but on the other side, I knew I was witnessing something that has probably never been recorded. That is nature for you.'
968637029780160512	2018-02-28 00:00:38	https://t.co/LllfPX40wu	'Cinderella weight' challenge sees women shedding the pounds in a bid to look like the Disney princess https://t.co/LllfPX40wu	 An alarming new social media craze is seeing women adopting extreme an weight-loss diet in a bid to look like Cinderella. The 'Cinderella weight' challenge uses an equation to calculate a goal weight that is deemed 'underweight' according to the Body Mass Index (BMI). The inspiration comes from the Disney princess, who is known for her unrealistically slim waist and body proportions. The craze is understood to have started in Japan and has now spread around the world, with teenagers being particularly affected. Some posted on Twitter about how they were 'too fat' while another shared a photo of her already slim legs as she announced she would embark on the diet. The 'Cinderella weight' is calculated by squaring the height in metres and then multiplying this figure by 18 to produce the 'desired' weight in kilograms. For example, if a woman was 1.8m (5ft 9in) tall, her Cinderella weight would be: 1.8 x 1.8 = 3.24; 3.24 x 18 = 58.32. According to the NHS BMI calculator, a 5ft 9in woman who weighed 58.32kg would have a BMI of 18 - below the 'normal' 18-25 range. Speaking to FEMAIL, nutritionist Rhiannon Lambert warned of the dangers of being clinically 'underweight'. She said: 'Being underweight isn't good for your health. Weighing too little can contribute to a weakened immune system, fragile bones and feeling tired. 'According to the NHS, if your BMI is below 18.5, this suggests that your weight may be too low. If you're underweight, it's likely that you're not consuming a healthy, balanced diet, which can lead to you lacking nutrients that your body needs to work properly. 'Calcium, for example, is important for the maintenance of strong and healthy bones. If you don't get enough calcium, you risk developing osteoporosis (fragile bone disease) in later life. 'If you're not consuming enough iron, you may develop anaemia, which can leave you feeling drained and tired. 'Additionally, our immune system isn't 100 per cent when you're underweight, so you're more likely to catch a cold, the flu or other infections and women who are underweight can find that their periods stop.'
968631421593153537	2018-02-27 23:38:21	https://t.co/kckM20vmAK	Ultra-wealthy elite flock to Italy after it introduces flat-rate tax of €100,000 a year for the rich https://t.co/kckM20vmAK	 The world's ultra-rich have flocked to Italy after the country revealed new low tax rates for top-tier earners last year. Millionaires from Russia, Norway and the US have upped sticks looking to take advantage of the nation’s flat-rate tax of €100,000 a year. The measure lets wealthy individuals taking up residency pay a flat tax regardless of their income. The bid appears to have worked with around 150 people, including some with wealth in the 'hundreds of millions,' inquiring about the measure. This was revealed by Fabrizio Pagani, head of the office of the Minister of Economy and Finance, during an interview in London, Bloomberg reports. The country has also seen an influx of millionaires from Norway and Holland as well as from the UK, Switzerland, Russia and US. ‘We are talking about very, very rich people,' Pagani said. Countries such as Portugal have already used similar tactics to lure high-net-worth individuals from abroad, offering tax benefits. However, under the tax measure, individuals are expected to move their residencies to Italy. Many millionaires have reportedly chosen to settle in Milan, Venice and small towns around the base of the Alps, Pagani added. The number expected to take up the offer will grow 'exponentially' as was the case in Portugal, he added. The figure of '150 is a very good number for the first year,' he concluded. The scheme is part of a plan to boost the economy with investments, consumption and fresh capital and it comes as Italy struggles to accelerate its economic recovery after years of recession.
968627070099247106	2018-02-27 23:21:04	https://t.co/LSMBdL0GDI	ISIS thugs tie up blindfolded prisoner before a baying crowd stones him to death for 'adultery' in Afghanistan https://t.co/LSMBdL0GDI	 ISIS murderers tied up and blindfolded a man accused of adultery before encouraging a crowd to stone him to death in Afghanistan, pictures circulating online appear to show. The images, reportedly released by ISIS's Khorasan Province branch in Central and South Asia, show a group of bearded men standing in mountainous terrain with an ISIS flag behind them. Another image shows a blindfolded man in black down on his knees while, behind him, dozens of men stare at him with stones in their hands. The next image in the series shows the man lying down and surrounded by stones as the group of killers continues hurling the projectiles. The final picture shows what appears to be the man's dead body covered in fabric. Men and boys, one of whom is armed with a Kalashnikov rifle, look on at the corpse as it lies on a stretcher. Users posting on Twitter using hashtags associated with ISIS's Afghanistan branch said the man had been killed because he was accused of adultery. At the end of last month, gunmen and suicide bombers launched a pre-dawn attack on a military compound in Kabul, killing 11 soldiers in an attack claimed by ISIS. A series of recent assaults, including one of the deadliest bombs in Kabul in recent years, have left already war-weary citizens grief-stricken and angry as the Taliban and ISIS escalate their offensive. 'Two bombers detonated themselves and two were killed by our forces and one was detained alive,' a defence spokesman, Dawlat Waziri, said after the attack on January 29. Officials said the men, armed with a rocket, two Kalashnikovs and at least one suicide vest, had attempted to breach an army battalion near the Marshal Fahim military academy, where high-ranking officers are trained. In October a Taliban suicide bomber killed 15 Afghan army trainees as they travelled home from the Marshal Fahim academy. Militants including the Taliban and ISIS have stepped up their attacks on beleaguered Afghan troops and police in recent months, sapping morale already hit by desertions and corruption. Afghan troops have taken what the UN describes as 'shocking' casualties since international forces ended their combat role at the end of 2014, though troop casualty figures are no longer released.
968622052327424000	2018-02-27 23:01:08	https://t.co/gAYoNHqLOO	Chimps and bonobos share the same 'language https://t.co/gAYoNHqLOO	 If a chimpanzee and a bonobo met face to face for the first time they would probably be able to communicate. That's the remarkable discovery of scientists who have found the two closely-related ape species use the same sign language to talk. The find is surprising given that the two ape cousins separated from a common ancestor between one and two million years ago. It suggests that primate gestures with shared meanings are biologically inherited and may even extend to humans. Scroll down for video Lead researcher Dr Kirsty Graham, from the University of York, said: 'The overlap in gesture meanings between bonobos and chimpanzees is quite substantial..in future we hope to learn more about how gestures develop through the apes' lifetimes. 'We are also starting to examine whether humans share any of these great ape gestures and understand the gesture meanings, so watch this space.' While chimpanzee gestures have been well studied less is known about those of bonobos. Scientists knew that the apes used many of the same gestures, but whether or not they shared similar meanings was much less clear. Bonobos, an endangered species from central Africa, closely resemble the chimpanzees but are more slightly built. If a bonobo and a chimpanzee were to meet face to face, they could probably understand each other's gestures, according to new research. The study shows that chimps and bonobos use gestures in a variety of different situations and for multiple purposes, such as to initiate and change positions during grooming. Some of the gestures, however, elicit different reactions in chimpanzees and bonobos. Each gesture can have more than one meaning, but the most common of each gesture is listed below: Chimpanzees Behaviour: Meaning Bonobos Behaviour: Meaning They are famous for their ability to display positive 'human' traits such as compassion, empathy and altruism, the high status they give to females, and the importance of sex in their society. For the new study, the researchers systematically defined the meanings of 33 bonobo gestures and compared them to those of chimpanzees. Each gesture meaning was ascertained by observing the reaction it produced and whether the bonobo making the gesture was satisfied with the response. For instance, an arm extended in front of another bonobo translated as 'climb on me'. In this case, the second ape responded by climbing on the first, which then stopped gesturing, indication satisfaction. Other gesture meanings included 'acquire object/food', 'contact', 'follow me', 'initiate grooming', 'move away' and 'stop behaviour'. The 'initiate grooming' signal, a loud scratching of an ape's own arm, was almost universally recognised by both species, as was the 'acquire object' gesture, a mouth stroke. Some of the gestures, however, elicit different reactions in chimpanzees and bonobos. Standing on two legs was only an invitation to have sex among bonobos. When a chimpanzee reaches its palm out, it means that it's trying to acquire an object from another individual. However, when a bonobo reaches its palm out, it means that it is asking a peer to climb on them. When asked if these differences could indicate 'cultural' differences between different groups, Dr Graham told the MailOnline: 'Some gestures have multiple meanings and are used quite flexibly and that seems to be the biggest source of variation between groups and between species. 'We're starting to explore how these more ambiguous gestures are used and whether their meaning changes or if they modify the meaning of other gestures.' The team wrote in the journal Public Library of Science Biology: 'We find that the similarity between the two species is much greater than would be expected by chance. 'Bonobos and chimpanzees share not only the physical form of the gestures but also many gesture meanings.'
968617007989051394	2018-02-27 22:41:05	https://t.co/L8NXv8JOZD	Mothers share photos of their VERY lavish 'push presents' after giving birth https://t.co/L8NXv8JOZD	 Reality star Kylie Jenner recently showed off the Ferrari she received as a 'push present' from her partner - but these photos prove she is not the only new mother being lavished with gifts. A push present is presented to a mother either shortly before or after the birth as a show of appreciation from her partner. Parents from around the world have taken to social media to share snaps of the lavish presents they have received, with designer bags, expensive jewellery and new cars proving proving popular choices. Experts at UK parenting advice site BabyCentre explained that, while the trend is believed to have first emerged in the US, it is becoming increasingly popular in Britain as husbands and boyfriends look to treat their partner to something special. The site noted that the number of mentions of 'push present' on the site has doubled in the last year compared to the 12-month period between 2014 and 2015. Meanwhile its sister site in the US reported as far back as 2004 that 38 per cent of new mothers said they had received a push present - and that more than half of expectant mothers were hoping for one. It comes days after it emerged that Kylie Jenner, 20, was given a $1.4m (£1million) Ferrari from boyfriend Travis Scott on the birth of their daughter, Stormi. Speaking to FEMAIL, Lorna Marsh, associate editor of BabyCentre, said: 'that, while they might not be treated to a Ferrari, many new mums would cherish the sentiment of a more modest gift. She also explained that the rise in 'push presents' was partly linked to the increase in the amount of responsibility being taken on by fathers. She said: 'While celebrities have boosted the trend for push presents, it is no doubt also helped by the greater role partners play during pregnancy and the birth of their child. 'Gone are the days when mums would go to antenatal meetings alone and dads would pace the corridors during labour. 'Now there is much more involvement and understanding among partners and, while a baby is the biggest gift of all, they may want to give a push present especially to show their love and appreciation.' 
968606929554681862	2018-02-27 22:01:02	https://t.co/VyZx5zWVLY	Club that lets NAKED men and women in for free sparks outrage in Sweden https://t.co/VyZx5zWVLY	 A church in central Stockholm, Sweden has expressed outrage after a nude night club opened up down the road. Klubb Naket encourages guests to 'come naked, come as you are', and if guests leave all their clothes in the cloak room, entry is free. The concept has upset a church located just a few hundred yards down the road, with the church pastor declaring the pro-nudity event 'a hotbed of depression'. Klubb Naket's organisers describe their weekly club event as 'an electronic club aimed at the queer and fetish community where openness and sexual freedom is part of our manifesto. 'It is a plus if you come naked - if you take your clothes off in the cloak room = free entry. 'At Klubb Naket there are dark corners and hideaways - or 'make out rooms' as we call them - where you and your friends can do what you feel like there and then... 'We serve up the best music for you, you feel at home and let what happens happens. Come naked. Come as you are. Do what you want. It all stays here. ' Klubb Naket's manager David Cakir told local newspapers that Saturday's launch night had been 'a full house, around 400 people'. 'There was a nice level of nudity over all, but clearly it got more and more naked the later the hour. It got pretty hot in there as well,' Mr Cakir told StockholmDirekt with a laugh. However, the nearby Sodermalmskyrkan were not as pleased with the sell-out success of the nude night club on their doorstep. ‘What is happening now on Sodermalm can have serious consequences, the club becomes a hotbed of depression and humans having their souls broken down,' Pastor Lennart Torebring told the website. 'Everyone knows children need boundaries, doing what you want is not good for you. We don't need less boundaries just because we get older.' Representatives for Klubb Naket said security and 'safe zone guards' circulate the club throughout the evening, adding that they actively work to prevent sexism, and have a 'zero tolerance' policy against racism and harassment.
968601903411101702	2018-02-27 21:41:04	https://t.co/yhYT3gc3Ji	A simple urine test could measure how much our bodies have aged and how long we have left to live https://t.co/yhYT3gc3Ji	 A simple urine test could measure how much our bodies have aged and even how long left we have to live, new research suggests. Scientists discovered a certain substance, known as 8-oxoGsn, which indicates cell damage, increases in people's urine as they get older. By determining people's 'internal age', it may be possible to assess their risk of suffering age-related illnesses and even premature death, according to the researchers. The efficient urine-analysis technique used by the scientists, which assessed the samples of up to 10 individuals in an hour, may be useful in future studies investigating the link between 8-oxoGsn and biological ageing, they add. Critics argue, however, ageing alone does not accurately indicate the onset of diseases, adding the study did not investigate a link between 8-oxoGsn and conditions associated with the elderly, such as Parkinson's. Study author Dr Jian-Ping Cai, from the National Centre of Gerontology in China, said: 'Urinary 8-oxoGsn may reflect the real condition of our bodies better than our chronological age, and may help us to predict the risk of age-related diseases.' Humans may live to 120 in just 60 years time, a leading expert claimed in May 2017. Research reveals it is possible to slow down our biological, or 'inner', ageing process, which could help us to live decades beyond the current life expectancy of 81. Drugs that interact with our DNA maintain the function of our bodies for longer, the research suggests. Experts stress, however, this must be combined with a healthy lifestyle for full effect. Yet, how a 120-year-old life expectancy may impact people's quality of life is unclear. The side effects of such treatments are also unknown. Several European countries are in talks to start drug trials within the next three years. Professor Vladimir Khavinson, head of the St. Petersburg Institute of Bioregulation and Gerontology, said: 'It is important to understand that nobody would want to live a long and unhealthy life. 'The main goal for us now must be to allow people to stay healthy for as long as possible into their old age.' Six of these drugs are already available in Russia. These include Thymalin to maintain immune system function and Cortexin to preserve brain activity. The drugs work on the so-called 'peptide technology theory', which states that interacting with DNA increases protein production that prolongs lifespan. Speaking at the international symposium on longevity in Geneva, Professor Khavinson added: 'One of the key indicators of ageing is the reduction of protein synthesis. 'We have come to the conclusion that it is possible to restore it to a normal level with the use of peptide bioregulators and have found an optimal way to maintain natural peptide production of a sufficient quantity. 'The technology developed by our scientific institute is based on the extraction of peptides from the tissues of young healthy animals that have the same structure as human tissues.' A similar study conducted by researchers at the GLMED medical center in Moscow assessed 60 age markers throughout such drugs' treatment in participants aged 31-to-72 years old. Results suggested that, when combined with a healthy lifestyle, the drugs reduce a person's biological age by an average of up to two years over 12 months. 'Urinary 8-oxoGsn is promising as a marker of ageing' Previous studies suggest 8-oxoGsn levels increase in the urine of animals as they age. The researchers therefore analysed urine samples from 1,228 Chinese residents aged between two and 90 years old. Dr Cai said: 'We found an age-dependent increase in urinary 8-oxoGsn in participants [aged] 21 years old and older. 'Therefore, urinary 8-oxoGsn is promising as a new marker of ageing.' Results suggest levels of 8-oxoGsn were roughly the same between the men and women participating in the study, except in post-menopausal females, who demonstrated higher levels. Speaking of the findings, Ilaria Bellantuono, professor of musculoskeletal ageing at the University of Sheffield, who was not involved in the study, said: 'This paper shows that it is possible to detect 8-oxoGsn in human urine and its increase correlates with increasing age. 'However, ageing is not a disease but a risk factor for age-related diseases, in the same way smoking is for lung cancer. 'Therefore it is not possible to say whether this could be used as marker to predict the occurrence of disease. 'For example, this paper does not show whether this marker is present at higher levels in people affected by diseases such as osteoporosis, diabetes, Parkinson's or whether it is present at higher level in people who then go on to develop those diseases in longitudinal studies.' The findings were published in the journal Frontiers in Ageing Neuroscience. Internal ageing may begin post-menopause in women Changes in the level and function of oxygen is thought to reflect people's internal age. Dr Cai said: 'Oxygen by-products produced during normal metabolism can cause oxidative damage to biomolecules in cells, such as DNA and RNA. 'As we age, we suffer increasing oxidative damage and so the levels of oxidative markers increase in our body.' This may occur after the menopause in women due to oestrogen having a known antioxidant effect. Having children ages women's DNA by 11 years This comes after research released earlier this month suggested having children ages women's DNA by 11 years. Giving birth shortens women's telomeres, which 'cap' the end of DNA strands and are associated with health, by around 4.2 per cent, a study found. Longer telomere lengths are linked to slower aging, longer lifespans and improved overall health. Such an extent of telomere shortening is greater than the effects of smoking or obesity demonstrated in previous studies. Study author Dr Anna Pollack from George Mason University, Virginia, told the New Scientist: 'We were surprised to find such a striking result. It is equivalent to around 11 years of accelerated cellular ageing.' The researchers believe this may be due to the stress of raising children, particularly in countries without mandatory maternity leave, such as the US. They stress, however, more research into the link between motherhood and genetic ageing is required, with Dr Pollack adding: 'We're not saying 'don't have children'. 
968596883064213505	2018-02-27 21:21:07	https://t.co/ndW46PuPMj	This device generates electricity out of THIN AIR and could power gadgets for years https://t.co/ndW46PuPMj	 A miraculous device that can generate electricity seemingly out of thin air has been developed by engineers. Called a thermal resonator, it relies on fluctuations in temperature between day and night to produce electricity. It can be used without the need for sunlight, batteries or wind, making it ideal for situations where these resources can't be relied upon. The technology has the potential to power sensors and communications devices for years without the need for batteries. Scroll down for video Experts at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's (MIT) department of chemical engineering are behind the find. Their gadget is a twist on a thermoelectric generator, which create power when one side of the device is a different temperature from the other. This could be due to one side being exposed to sunlight, while the other is covered, for example. The thermal resonator differs in that it uses natural swings in temperature to take advantage of this effect, meaning it can generate charge even in the shade. Researchers say that the power levels generated by the new system so far are modest. However, it outperformed a commercially available pyroelectric material - an existing method for converting temperature fluctuations to electricity - by 300 per cent. In a written statement Professor Michael Strano, who led the study, said: 'We basically invented this concept out of whole cloth. 'We've built the first thermal resonator. It's something that can sit on a desk and generate energy out of what seems like nothing. 'We are surrounded by temperature fluctuations of all different frequencies all of the time. These are an untapped source of energy.' The thermal resonator was created from materials that can capture heat from its surroundings or release it. This was comprised of a metal foam, made of copper or nickel, which was then coated with a layer of graphene. A new generation of power sources is being created that rely on thermoelectric power to seemingly create electricity out of thin air. They convert temperature differences directly into electrical energy through a phenomenon called the Seebeck effect. In 1821, Thomas Johann Seebeck discovered that a thermal gradient formed between two dissimilar conductors can produce electricity. To do so, they rely on specially created materials which take advantage of a property known as thermal effusivity. This is the combination of thermal conduction and thermal capacity, or how quickly heat can be distributed through a material and how much heat can be stored. One side of the device captures heat, which then slowly radiates through to the other side. One side always lags behind the other as the system tries to reach equilibrium. In most materials one of these properties is high, while the other is low. Ceramics have low conduction but high thermal capacity, for example. This perpetual difference between the two sides can then be harvested through conventional thermoelectrics. The foam was then infused with a kind of wax called octadecane, which changes between solid and liquid within a particular range of temperatures. A proof of concept sample of the material produced 350 millivolts of potential energy and 1.3 milliwatts of power in response to a 10°C (18°F) change of temperature between night and day. This would be enough to power small environmental sensors or communications systems, according to the researchers. Such systems could provide low-power but long-lasting energy sources for landers or rovers exploring remote locations, including other moons and planets, says Volodymyr Koman, an MIT postdoc and co-author of the new study. For such uses, much of the system could be made from local materials rather than having to be premade, he says. The full findings of the study will be published in the journal Nature Communications.
968591853208723461	2018-02-27 21:01:08	https://t.co/3Tlk29Z59y	This could be the smuttiest safe sex advert ever https://t.co/3Tlk29Z59y	 This is the bizarre Swiss safe sex advertising campaign which sees a woman siphoning water from an aquarium through a hose and a butcher stuffing his pants. The ads were launched as part of a safe sex campaign in Switzerland which have received mixed reviews. In one of the campaign videos, a woman named Jasmin is seen standing in front of an aquarium with a hose in her hand. Scroll down for video The narrator dryly says: 'Hello, today we learn how we suck out the water of an aquarium.' In scenes that would be too outrageous for British daytime broadcasting, the narrator instructs the woman how to siphon the water from the hose. Once the water starts flowing into the bowl, the narrator dryly says that 'this way Jasmin prevents her gran's carpet from getting splattered.' The text 'whatever you are thinking, also think about your health' then appears on screen to point out the campaign's message of safe sex. Another video shows a butcher 'stuffing his sausage', a tongue in cheek reference to using a condom. The ad says that Karl 'makes a giant and thick sausages' and says that a partner can help with this. Spokesman Adrien Kay said: 'With the slogan "whatever you are thinking, also think about your health" we want to promote ambiguously and with a pinch of irony our Safer Sex Check on the campaign website.' According to Kay, the safe sex campaign 'plays with cliches and humour which make the videos more accessible and effective.' 
968590669701959680	2018-02-27 20:56:25	https://t.co/mGh4U0iIHk	Girlfriend stands by her cancer-stricken partner, 21, after tumour spreads over his face https://t.co/mGh4U0iIHk	 A young woman is standing by her boyfriend despite him suffering from a serious tumour that has spread across his face. Loyal girlfriend Atittaya Chumkeaw is looking after her boyfriend, Pooh Chokchai Kaew, 21, who is suffering from eye cancer which has spread and threatens his life. Atittaya, from the city of Songkhla, in Thailand's Songkhla Province, posted a picture of the pair on social media and wrote: 'Third anniversary, love the same.' The post became wildly popular after being shared by a group named 'True Buddhism'. True Buddhism also recounted the couple's love story, saying: 'The young man is suffering from end-stage cancer that has spread throughout his face. 'The family revealed that doctors have no treatment, with radiotherapy or chemotherapy. But the young man still hopes for a miracle and that the tumour will disappear. 'But this post is not to give false hope to cancer patients. I admire the girl who is standing by her partner. Fans say the love that she gives to her boyfriend is the best thing she can offer. It may even cause miracles to happen.' Local media report that Pooh's illness started as a retinoblastoma and that the cancer cells then spread all over his face. Doctors are reportedly pessimistic but the patient is not giving up hope. Atittaya and Pooh say they are happy to have some internet fame and hope for good health - not only for him, but for cancer patients worldwide. One user wrote online of Atittaya's unwavering support for her boyfriend: 'I believe this is a wonderful way for Heaven and Earth to make miracles happen.'
968586601109639168	2018-02-27 20:40:15	https://t.co/TLgAxCifOI	Microbes similar to those on Earth can thrive in the underground ocean on Saturn's icy moon Enceladus https://t.co/TLgAxCifOI	 There may be alien life hiding in our solar system, according to new research. Microbes can thrive in the warm, underground ocean on Enceladus, an icy moon that orbits Saturn, the sixth planet from the sun, a study has found. The scientists, who describe Enceladus as a 'hot spot' in the search for extraterrestrial life, found that some species of methane-producing microbes on Earth can survive the harsh conditions on the satellite. They say methane around the satellite's surface could be produced by microbial life tucked just beneath its crust. The team, from Universität Wien in Vienna, Austria, said they hope their study encourages more research into potential colonies of microbes living on the moon. Enceladus harbours many of the ingredients needed for alien life, making it a focal points in humanity's search for potential extra-terrestrials. The moon holds a watery ocean beneath its icy crust, as well as strange, warm fractures at its south pole that fire out plumes of liquid. The plumes contain compounds like methane, hydrogen, and carbon dioxide, all necessary for life as we know it on Earth. Microbes on our planet either produce these compounds or use them for growth, leading some to speculate that tiny organisms live in Enceladus's hidden ocean. Specifically, some scientists believe that methane-producing microbes known as 'methanogenic archaea' might thrive under the predicted conditions on Enceladus. The microbes use carbon dioxide and molecular hydrogen for growth, releasing methane as a by-product. To test this theory, scientists at Universität Wien in Vienna, Austria, grew three of these microorganisms in the lab. Two of the organism used were initially isolated from hydrothermal vent systems on Earth - one from near Iceland's sea floor, and another near Okinawa, Japan. Enceladus is Saturn's sixth largest moon, at 313 miles wide (504 kilometres). It is an icy satellite with hydrothermal activity - a rare combination - with vents spewing water vapour and ice particles out from a global ocean buried beneath the moon's frozen crust. A handful of worlds are thought to have liquid water oceans beneath their frozen shell, but only Enceladus sprays its ocean out into space, where a spacecraft can sample it. According to Nasa observations, the plume includes organic compounds, volatile gases, carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide, salts, and silica. Microbes on our planet either produce these compounds or use them for growth, leading some to speculate that tiny organisms live in Enceladus's hidden ocean. This means that while Enceladus may look 'inhospitable' like Saturn's other moons, it is a prime candidate in our search for alien life. The third, a control species not designed to survive harsh conditions, came from a sewage treatment plant. They then subjected the microbes to a number of different severe conditions, including extreme temperatures, pressure and chemical stress that microbes would experience on Enceladus. The team found that at least one type of methanogenic archaea can still grow in the presence of harsh chemicals such as formaldehyde and ammonia. Scientists think these compounds are found in abundance in Enceladus, and have previously suggested this means microbes could not grow on the moon. The team also found that a geothermal process thought to occur at Enceladus's core may generate enough hydrogen gas to support methanogenic microbes. Known as low-temperature serpentinisation, the process chemically alters rocks under extreme heat to produce hydrogen and methane. Microbes exposed to the amount of hydrogen gas expected to arise from this process on Mars were able to thrive in experiments, the scientists said. Lead researcher Dr Simon Rittmann told MailOnline: 'If you know where these microbes survive on Earth, the results are not that surprising. 'These organisms have a very special and ancient physiology - they are one of the first evolutionary developments on this planet.' 'Our results suggest that these organisms or similar could exist on Enceladus.' The scientists warned that as methane can also be generated by geochemical processes on the moon, their study is not conclusive. 'We have just confirmed that organisms from Earth can survive in these conditions, but it is impossible for us to say whether or not anything actually lives there,' Dr Rittmann told MailOnline.
968581314315276289	2018-02-27 20:19:15	https://t.co/hVc4yEGNwr	Feisty toddler snatches food from a pigeon's mouth https://t.co/hVc4yEGNwr	 This is the hilarious moment a young toddler girl in central China teaches a pigeon a lesson for stealing food. Mobile phone footage shows a white bird landing on a mother's hand and pecking on a bag of snacks. A toddler girl can be seen grabbing the pigeon's neck and taking the food back. The mother was shocked as the girl put the snack straight into her mouth after. The scene was captured at a plaza in Puyang, Henen Province on February 24 when a mother took her daughter to feed the pigeons. 'It's her first time feeding pigeons. There were a lot of children at the plaza doing the same as well,' the mother told Pear Video. She did not expect her one-year-old daughter to grab a pigeon's neck with bare hands. Video shows the girl pulling the bird close to her before snatching the food from its mouth and ate it. 'We are all shocked when she suddenly did that,' said the mother. The mother told the girl to 'spit it out' but it was too late and the girl had already swallowed it. The video was widely shared among Chinese social media and later picked up on 9GAG and Imgur.com. Web users commented that the toddler 'is a savage' with so much aggression at young age. 'Pupuka' joked: 'Don't mess with Yukuza!' However, some web users worried that the girl might catch a bird flu. 'This is how people get bird flu, she literally eats it from the bird's mouth,' said 'shagoon'.
968576758239907841	2018-02-27 20:01:09	https://t.co/sRYHW3hNbq	Terrifying new species of shark is discovered in the Atlantic ocean that has ancestors older than dinosaurs https://t.co/sRYHW3hNbq	 A terrifying species of shark that dwells in the depths of the ocean has been discovered by researchers. Ancestors of the Atlantic sixgill have been swimming the seas for 250 million years, since before the age of the dinosaurs, yet it has only just come to light. Experts used DNA analysis to find that these creatures are a different species to their counterparts, which inhabit the Indian and Pacific Oceans. Because of their new classification, Atlantic sixgill sharks will now have a better chance at long-term survival, scientists say. Scroll down for video Biologists based at the Florida Institute of Technology analysed the sharks' DNA to make their discovery. They found significant genetic differences between individuals in what had been considered a single species - Hexanchus nakamurari, or the bigeyed sixgill shark. These difference were significant enough to rename the Atlantic variety and create a separate species, Hexanchus vitulus. Atlantic sixgill sharks measures up to six feet (1.8 metres) long, far smaller than their Indo-Pacific relatives which can grow up to 15 feet (4.6 metres) or longer. They have unique, saw-like lower teeth and six gill slits, as their name suggests, as opposed to the typical five seen in sharks. In a written statement, study lead Toby Daly-Engel said 'We showed that the sixgills in the Atlantic are actually very different from the ones in the Indian and Pacific Oceans on a molecular level, to the point where it is obvious that they're a different species even though they look very similar to the naked eye.' Sixgill sharks are among the oldest creatures on Earth and live at the bottom of the ocean, sometimes thousands of feet below the surface. The fact that they reside at such depths has made them especially challenging to study. Sixgill sharks were originally thought to comprise just two species: the bluntnose sixgill shark (Hexanchus griseus) and the bigeye sixgill (Hexanchus nakamurai). Uncertainty surrounding the classification of the bigeye sixgill shark has been around for some decades. There's also been debate as to whether individuals from the Atlantic constituted a separate species. Dr Daly-Engel first suspected that there was a third species of sixgill shark when she was tagging bluntnose sixgill sharks at the University of Hawaii, according to National Geographic. When analysing the DNA samples, she found that those being sent to the lab didn't match with those of the species already analysed. Dr Daly-Engel teamed up with researchers from other institutions and organisations to analyse 1,310 DNA base pairs of two mitochondrial genes. She hoped this would prove there were enough molecular differences between samples of bigeyed sixgill sharks to make this distinction official. 'Because we now know there are two unique species, we have a sense of the overall variation in populations of sixgills,' Dr Daly-Engel added. 'We understand that if we overfish one of them, they will not replenish from elsewhere in the world.' Another benefit of the research is a better understanding of shark diversity. 'Particularly diversity in the deep ocean,' Daly-Engel said, 'which we don't know much about.' The full findings of the study were published in the journal Marine Biodiversity. Sixgill sharks are a group of sharks that have six gills as opposed to the typical five seen in sharks. There are three species of sixgill sharks, which belong to the genus Hexanchus and are characterised by saw-like lower teeth. It was originally thought that the genus comprised of just two species: the bluntnose sixgill shark (Hexanchus griseus) and the bigeye sixgill (Hexanchus nakamurai). They are distributed worldwide in tropical and temperate waters. According to a study led by Toby Daly-Engel, a researcher at the Florida Institute of Technology, many verified records for these species are lacking, and misidentification is common. A newly identified species of sixgill shark, the Atlantic sixgill shark (Hexanchus vitulus), settled the debate as to whether bigeye sixgill sharks from the Atlantic constitute a separate species in February 2018. The three species can be described as follows: Bluntnose sixgill shark (Hexanchus griseus): This large, deepwater shark has comb-like, yellow lower teeth, a long tail, and is the largest of the sixgill species, with an average length of 15 to 16 feet (4.6 to 4.9 metres). It has a blunt, rounded snout, and a single dorsal fin. Its skin colour is dark, ranging from greyish brown to black on the back, and fading lighter towards the belly. Its eyes are bright green and it feeds nocturnally, ambushing its prey. Because it lives in deep waters, not much is know about it. Bigeye sixgill shark (Hexanchus nakamurai): A little-known, moderately large shark up to 5.9 feet (1.8 metres) long. I t is slender and has a small dorsal fin far along its back, and large reflective green eyes. It is usually dark to light grey on top, fading to white underneath. Atlantic sixgill shark (Hexanchus vitulus): Measures up to six feet (1.8 metres) long and lives at extreme ocean depths. It is currently thought to be restricted to the Atlantic and looks very similar to the bigeye sixgill shark. 
968574234640502785	2018-02-27 19:51:07	https://t.co/ss7t6xiFVZ	Spain’s Queen Letizia is chic in cigarette pants and a colourful tweed top https://t.co/ss7t6xiFVZ	 Queen Letizia has never let her position prevent her from having fun with fashion - as the studded leather top and leopard print coat she chose for a charity event last week proves. But when the Spanish Queen does opt for pared back classics, she pulls it off with aplomb. Letizia welcomed members of the Royal Academy of Engineering to Madrid's Zarzuela Palace on Tuesday, looking understated and chic in black trousers, a simple tweed top, and skyscraper heels. She attended a number of audiences at the palace, which is home to Queen Letizia, 44, her husband King Felipe VI, and their children Leonor, Princess of Asturias, and Infanta Sofia of Spain. Tuesday's engagement came after the Queen made a solo appearance at a domestic violence charity meeting, and joined her husband the King to dish out trophies at the National Sports Awards last week. It's been a big year for the Spanish royals, with King Felipe VI celebrating his 50th birthday in January. The monarch marked the occasion by honouring his eldest daughter, Princess Leonor, in a speech, as he presented her with the Order of the Golden Fleece. He told the 12-year-old she was taking a 'very important and symbolic step towards your future role'. 
968571504156962816	2018-02-27 19:40:16	https://t.co/z5CNIUsflA	Varicose veins should be treated as a warning sign of deadly blood clots, study finds https://t.co/z5CNIUsflA	 People with varicose veins are at significant risk of developing a potentially fatal blood clot, research suggests. A study of 425,000 people suggests the condition should be considered a major red flag that someone is at risk of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) or pulmonary embolism. Researchers found people with varicose veins were at a five times increased risk of developing DVT - a clot in the legs which can lead to amputation or even death. And they were twice as likely to develop a pulmonary embolism - a clot which travels into the lungs and can be deadly. They also had double the risk of peripheral arterial disease, which reduces blood flow to the arms and legs. Varicose veins are gnarled, enlarged veins, which typically affect the legs and feet. For many these are just unsightly, but some may experience pain and discomfort. Varicose veins could also raise the risk of circulation problems. Other symptoms may include: Varicose veins are more likely to affect the elderly as age causes skin to lose elasticity and valves in veins to weaken. They are also linked to pregnancy as gestation causes the volume of blood in the body to increase but reduces the flow from the legs to the pelvis. Obesity and a family history of the condition also increases the risk. Varicose vein complications can include: People can reduce their risk of varicose veins by exercising, eating a healthy diet, avoiding high heels, elevating the legs and changing their sitting or standing position regularly. Treatment can include compression socks or laser surgery. What are varicose veins? Varicose veins are swollen and enlarged veins that usually occur on the legs and feet. They occur when the valves in the veins break down, allowing blood to flow backwards and collect at certain points. The problem is usually minor, affecting a quarter of people in the UK at some point in their life. But the new study, by researchers in Taiwan, suggests it should be considered a warning sign that someone is at risk of more serious issues. Each year about 25,000 people in the UK die from a blood clot in a vein, and the condition is also the third leading cause of heart attacks and strokes. Inflammation thought to be responsible The China Medical University team are unsure whether the varicose veins actually cause blood clots, or whether they are are a symptom of deeper problems which are a common cause of both varicose veins and the more serious clotting problems. But they believe inflammation in the veins are probably involved, whichever the cause. Writing in the JAMA medical journal, they said: ‘Patients with varicose veins have increased levels of inflammatory and pro-thrombotic markers.’ ‘Varicose veins are rarely associated with serious health risks. ‘In contrast DVT, pulmonary embolism and peripheral arterial disease are vascular diseases that are associated with serious systemic effects.’ They added: ‘Whether the association between varicose veins and DVT is causal or represents a common set of risk factors requires further research.’ 
968565099597312000	2018-02-27 19:14:49	https://t.co/gMURW9A5UL	Nanny is arrested after she was caught beating a toddler with a cane https://t.co/gMURW9A5UL	 Sickening footage shows a nanny abusing a one-year-old girl by beating her with a cane. Parents set up a secret camera in their home and it caught the childminder hitting their 18-month-old daughter repeatedly with the big stick. The clip was filmed in Kapurthala in the northern Indian state of Punjab. The mother and father became suspicious of the woman, named only as 35-year-old Parveen, after finding unexplained marks on the little girl's body and noticing changes in her behaviour. They left a mobile phone in the house with its video camera running when they left for work one day and were shocked at when they watched the footage back. The video shows Parveen using a thin cane to whip the child across the bottom and legs as she goes to change its nappy. She's cold and calculated and waits for the right moments to strike the toddler before pointing her finger in the girl's face and telling her off. She then waits until the youngster is crawling on all fours before lifting up her dress and cracking her over her bare bottom with the stick. The monster paces around the bed to find the best angle to hit the child from, before using one hand to hold her legs in the air and the other to spank her with the weapon. The childminder then taunts the girl by pretending to hit her so that she flinches. As the video ends Parveen can be seen hitting the child on her knees as she stands up, reducing the toddler to the ground. The baby's father Sukhdev Singh took the recording to police, and the nanny was charged with child abuse offences.
968560261329293312	2018-02-27 18:55:35	https://t.co/tMZxwRzDl2	Women protesting against wearing the hijab in Iran will be charged with inciting PROSTITUTION and jailed https://t.co/tMZxwRzDl2	 Iranian women protesting the compulsory headscarf by taking off their hijab in public could be facing up to a decade in jail for 'inciting prostitution', police has warned. Authorities in Iran are desperately trying to stem the growing protests across the country against the dress code enforced on women since the Islamic revolution of 1979. More than 35 women have been arrested in the capital Tehran alone in the past two months, with several reportedly subjected to torture while in custody. At least two of the arrested protesters, Narges Hosseini and Shaparak Shajarizadeh, are being charged with 'inciting corruption and prostitution', Amnesty International reports. Ms Shajarizadeh was arrested last Wednesday and has reportedly been subjected to beatings in prison. Activists claim she was also 'injected with an unknown substance by the prison authorities' upon her arrest. Ms Hosseini was arrested just over a month ago and has since been in custody in unknown conditions. If they are found guilty of inciting corruption and prostitution, they could face up to ten years in prison. 'This is a deeply retrograde move by the Iranian authorities in their ongoing persecution of women who dare to speak out against compulsory veiling,' said Magdalena Mughrabi, Deputy Director for the Middle East and North Africa at Amnesty International. It places many women at serious and immediate risk of unjust imprisonment while sending a chilling message to others to keep quiet while their rights are being violated. 'In compelling women and girls to cover their hair, the Iranian authorities have violated women's human rights in Iran for decades and also deeply hurt women's dignity. 'Rather than threatening women with jail terms for claiming their human rights, the authorities should immediately abolish the discriminatory, abusive and degrading laws and practices of compulsory veiling.' The recent wave of defiance started with Vida Movahed, a 31-year-old mother-of-one whose protest and subsequent arrest on December 27 became headline news all over the world. A video showing her calmly waving her white hijab tied to a stick above the crowds in the Iranian capital, went viral on social media. Ms Movahed, who became known as The Girl In Enghelab Street, was released over the weekend, after spending a month in custody with her 20-month-daughter. Thousands of social media users shared messages of support after her disappearance, dubbing her the 'Girl of Enghelab Street' after the area in central Tehran where she staged the protest. Iranian activists started a Twitter campaign using the hashtag #WhereIsShe, demanding that the government reveal what happened to her. The campaign eventually went global both on and offline, with protesters at the recent Women's March in the U.S. waving placards with the slogan. Ms Movahed was protesting Iran's Islamic law, which requires women to wear a headscarf and long clothes that cover the arms and legs. The Islamic dress code, in place since the 1979 revolution, considers veiling obligatory for any female above 13 in Iran and says they should cover themselves from head to toe while disavowing any figure-hugging dress. Breaking the rules can result in fines of up to 500,000 rials (£17) and up to two months in prison. President Hassan Rouhani, who came to power in 2013 promising a more moderate stance, has previously said it is not the job of police to enforce religious rules such as those forcing women to cover their hair. But in April 2016, officials said there were 7,000 undercover morality police reporting on things like 'bad hijab' - a blanket term usually referring to un-Islamic dress by women. Figures are rarely given, but Tehran's traffic police said in late 2015 they had dealt with 40,000 cases of bad hijab in cars, where women often let their headscarves drop around their necks. These cases generally led to fines and a temporary impounding of the vehicle. 
968555700053045248	2018-02-27 18:37:28	https://t.co/DvWFeIo2Cl	The moon is COVERED in water that could be extracted by a future lunar colony, claim scientists https://t.co/DvWFeIo2Cl	 Water on the moon may be widespread rather than clustered at the poles. That's the conclusion of a new study that has found water in the form of OH - a more reactive relative of H2O - all over the lunar surface. The discovery could mean future lunar colonies could harvest water on the moon without having to bring it with them from Earth. They could also convert it into hydrogen and oxygen for rocket fuel or oxygen to breathe, scientists claim. Scroll down for video 'We find that it doesn't matter what time of day or which latitude we look at, the signal indicating water always seems to be present,' said Joshua Bandfield, a senior research scientist with the Space Science Institute in Boulder, Colorado, and lead author of the new study published in Nature Geoscience. 'The presence of water doesn't appear to depend on the composition of the surface, and the water sticks around.' Previously research suggested the strength of the signal changed according to the lunar day, which is equivalent to 29.5 days on Earth. Now researchers believe it is abundant across the entire satellite. The main evidence has come from remote-sensing instruments that measured the strength of sunlight reflected off the lunar surface. When water is present, instruments like these pick up a spectral fingerprint at wavelengths near three micrometers, which lies beyond visible light and in the realm of infrared radiation. But the surface of the moon can also get hot enough to 'glow,' or emit its own light, in the infrared region of the spectrum. The challenge is to disentangle this mixture of reflected and emitted light. To do this, researchers incorporated temperature information and created a detailed model from measurements made by the iviner instrument on Nasa's Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter. Researchers applied this temperature model to data gathered earlier by the moon Mineralogy Mapper, a visible and infrared spectrometer that Nasa's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California, provided for India's Chandrayaan-1 orbiter. The new finding of widespread and relatively immobile water suggests that it may be present primarily as OH, a more reactive relative of H2O that is made of one oxygen atom and one hydrogen atom. OH, also called hydroxyl, doesn't stay on its own for long, preferring to attack molecules or attach itself chemically to them, according to the paper, published in Nature Geoscience. Hydroxyl would therefore have to be extracted from minerals in order to be used. The research also suggests that any H2O present on the moon isn't loosely attached to the surface. Many researchers believe the moon formed after Earth was hit by a planet the size of Mars billions of years ago. This is called the giant impact hypothesis. The hypothesis claims the moon is debris left over following an indirect collision between our planet and an astronomical body approximately 4.5 billion years ago. The colliding body is sometimes called Theia, after the mythical Greek Titan who was the mother of Selene, the goddess of the moon. But one mystery has persisted, revealed by rocks the Apollo astronauts brought back from the moon - why are the moon and Earth so similar in their composition? Several different theories have emerged over the years to explain the similar fingerprints of Earth and the moon. Perhaps the impact created a huge cloud of debris that mixed thoroughly with the Earth and then later condensed to form the moon. Or Theia could have, coincidentally, been isotopically similar to young Earth. A third possibility is that the moon formed from Earthen materials, rather than from Theia, although this would have been a very unusual type of impact. 'By putting some limits on how mobile the water or the OH on the surface is, we can help constrain how much water could reach the cold traps in the polar regions,' said Michael Poston of the Southwest Research Institute in San Antonio, Texas. Sorting out what happens on the moon could also help researchers understand the sources of water and its long-term storage on other rocky bodies throughout the solar system. In a paper published in Science Advances in 2017, researchers from the Technical University of Dortmund, Germany also found there is water present across the whole surface of the moon, at all times of the day. 'Possible sources are, amongst others, hydrated minerals or a reservoir at large depth,' Professor Christian Wöhler, lead author of the study, told Wired. Earlier this year Professor Stephen Hawking said mankind could have a station on the moon within 30 years, saying it will be a useful stopping off point to other planets. But one of the biggest problems for any human settlement is the difficulty in transporting vast quantities of water from Earth.
968551117486481414	2018-02-27 18:19:15	https://t.co/lAEVRYNufL	Kim Jong-un's brother told a friend 'my life is in danger' six months before he was assassinated https://t.co/lAEVRYNufL	 Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un, told a friend his life was in danger six months before he was assassinated, a court heard. Indonesian Siti Aisyah and Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong are on trial accused of smearing his face with the poison VX at Kuala Lumpur Airport. Four North Korean fugitives were also charged with murdering the 45-year-old dissident on February 13 last year as he waited for a flight to Macau. Scroll down for video Defence lawyers said the two women thought they were playing a prank for a Japanese YouTube channel, as they had been paid to do elsewhere at airports and shopping centres, and didn't know they were poisoning Mr Kim. The court heard they were paid £72 ($102) after being approached by a man called 'James', later identified as alleged spy Ri Ji-U, on January 5, 2017. The pair aged in their 20s have been held in the Southeast Asian country since their arrest soon after the assassination and face the death penalty if convicted. Mr Kim arrived in Malaysia on February 6 last year and was picked up at the airport by the driver of friend Tomie Yoshio, lead police investigator Wan Azirul Nizam Che Wan Aziz told the Shah Alam High Court in Shah Alam on Tuesday. The driver was instructed to take Kim to his lodgings and other places he wanted to go after Mr Kim told Yoshio his 'life was in danger' during an earlier visit to Malaysia. 'Six months before the incident on February 13, Kim Jong Nam said "I am scared for my life and I want a driver",' Mr Wan Azirul said, citing police interviews with Mr Yoshio. He did not give any other details about Mr Yoshio or his whereabouts. Gooi Soon Seng, Siti Aisyah's lawyer, argued the killing was politically motivated, with key suspects linked to the North Korean embassy in Kuala Lumpur, suggesting his client was being made a scapegoat. Mr Kim had criticized his family's dynastic rule of North Korea, some South Korean officials said. Under questioning, Mr Wan Azirul agreed with Mr Gooi that the two women had no motive for the killing, but denied accusations police investigations were 'lopsided'. Mr Gooi earlier asked about Hong Song Hac, a North Korean who paid Siti Aisyah to act on a prank show and was caught on airport video recordings fleeing the country on the day of the killing. Hong, one of the four North Koreans charged with the murder, was an official with the North Korean embassy in Indonesia from 2016 to 2017, Mr Gooi told the court, citing records obtained from Indonesia's foreign ministry. Mr Wan Azirul could not confirm Mr Gooi's assertion, admitting he had not looked into Hong's background despite naming Hong as a suspect. 'I state that the investigation towards the four suspects is not deep,' Mr Gooi said. 'Yes, correct,' Mr Wan Azirul conceded. The trial resumes on March 14.
968546542079610889	2018-02-27 18:01:05	https://t.co/HTVTy23G4p	The worst knock-off purchases revealed in a side-splitting online gallery https://t.co/HTVTy23G4p	 With the unstoppable rise of internet shopping, the occasional misguided purchase has become a fact of life. But these women have been left fuming after being duped into buying dresses that looked nothing like the ones that were advertised online. Posted on the Facebook page Knock off Nightmares, hundreds of disgruntled shoppers have shared snaps of summer dresses, prom outfits and even bridal frocks that looked nothing like the items they saw online. Some were lured in by low prices, while others thought they were getting on the real deal - until they tried on these frocky horrors. Scroll down for video A warning on the Facebook group, which has some 110,000 followers, reads: 'The point of this page is to inform girls of what may be delivered if they order from a knock-off site. 'You can buy sale dresses from various sources, you can buy second hand, or you can support your local bridal store. 'The choice is entirely yours. Just remember if it looks too good to be true, generally it is.' The page owner adds: 'Please know, there are no online sites that show stock designer photos at a fraction of the real price that we ever would recommend. 'Weddings are a magical time so don't let it be ruined by a nightmare dress.' 
968541504896684033	2018-02-27 17:41:04	https://t.co/eON4vAEEZU	The worst knock-off purchases revealed in a side-splitting online gallery https://t.co/eON4vAEEZU	 With the unstoppable rise of internet shopping, the occasional misguided purchase has become a fact of life. But these women have been left fuming after being duped into buying dresses that looked nothing like the ones that were advertised online. Posted on the Facebook page Knock off Nightmares, hundreds of disgruntled shoppers have shared snaps of summer dresses, prom outfits and even bridal frocks that looked nothing like the items they saw online. Some were lured in by low prices, while others thought they were getting on the real deal - until they tried on these frocky horrors. Scroll down for video A warning on the Facebook group, which has some 110,000 followers, reads: 'The point of this page is to inform girls of what may be delivered if they order from a knock-off site. 'You can buy sale dresses from various sources, you can buy second hand, or you can support your local bridal store. 'The choice is entirely yours. Just remember if it looks too good to be true, generally it is.' The page owner adds: 'Please know, there are no online sites that show stock designer photos at a fraction of the real price that we ever would recommend. 'Weddings are a magical time so don't let it be ruined by a nightmare dress.' 
968536495907893253	2018-02-27 17:21:09	https://t.co/160BTBb70g	Self-confessed 'ugly ducklings' are almost unrecognisable in INCREDIBLE before and after photos https://t.co/160BTBb70g	 Self-proclaimed 'ugly ducklings' have shared photos of how they've changed over the years - with some unrecgonisable. The gallery of transformation images, shared on social site Diply, feature anonymous people whose appearance has changed for the better as they've grown up. Many had transformed their looks by reshaping their brows, altering their hair colour and overhauling their personal style. They posted their proud makeovers side by side in pictures which you would struggle to spot the similarities much more than the difference.
968535486481518592	2018-02-27 17:17:09	https://t.co/O9AWoAjBwU	Four-year-old boy freezes to death after sleepwalking in -20C temperatures in Russia https://t.co/O9AWoAjBwU https://t.co/hj4iNYVQ8W	 A Russian boy aged four has tragically died after sleepwalking out of his village house into savage -20C cold in the middle of the night. He wore only thin pyjamas, and his grief-stricken mother Maria, 27, found his lifeless body after following his tiny footprints in the deep snow when she woke at 6am. The Siberian child, called Bogdan, had set out towards a neighbour’s house. He had gone sleepwalking before, but in summer when the temperatures in Krasnoyarsk region are warm. Maria woke at 6am and could not find her boy in the house. She discovered he had unlatched the door and gone out into the severe cold with nothing on his feet, and no hat. She followed his tiny sleepwalking footprints and soon saw his frozen body. The Russian authorities have launched an investigation into his sad death. The boy lived in the village of Yaga in the Uzhursky district of Krasnoyarsk region, The Siberian Times reported.
968533959213813760	2018-02-27 17:11:05	https://t.co/vfxgiQeC9R	Two women discover they were swapped at birth 39 years... and reveal how one survived a MURDER https://t.co/vfxgiQeC9R	 Two Russian women have made the shocking discovery that they were swapped at birth by Soviet doctors in the 70s. Veronika Shevetsova and Tanya Savelyeva, both 39, from Pozhva, Perm region, say their mothers always had their suspicions - but it is only now that DNA tests have proved they were raised by the wrong families. Further adding to the drama of the baby swap is that one of the women grew up with a doting and devoted father - and the other's tried to murder her as a child. Ms Shevetsova's 'father' Anatoly was convinced that his wife Rimma had given birth to a lover's child as baby Veronika did not look like him. As a result, he tried to suffocate an 10-year-old Veronika by holding a pillow over her face, and Rimma and Anatoly split up. Ms Savelyeva on the other hand grew up as the beloved daughter of a policeman yet is now devastated to learn that he was not her real father. 'I'm shocked,' she said. 'And my family is, too. I have only my parents, no-one else, I love them very much, they love me. 'My children already have a grandmother and grandfather. I do not understand how this could happen, I refuse to understand. 'I grew up as the favourite daughter of my father. I still cannot believe it…' There were only four women in the small maternity hospital in Pozhva, Perm region on 7th March 1978. Against the normal rules, the newborn babies were not tagged. Rimma Shevetsova asked to see her baby's face right after birth because she feared the child would have a birthmark - like her elder daughter. She remembers didn't. In hospital, Rimma recalled she was once given the wrong baby to feed, and she swapped with a mother whose daughter had been born on a train. When she took Veronika home, her husband Anatoly noticed a small birth mark and challenged her angrily: 'You told me there were no marks. Why did you cheat me?' At eight months, Veronika had blonde hair and blue eyes when both parents were dark. Anatoly was convinced she had been unfaithful. 'He was very offended,' she said. Before Veronika was a year old, she went to see Tanya's mother, Yulia Savelyeva. 'I looked at their Tanya - and she was totally like my oldest daughter, Zhenya,' said Rimma. Yet there were no DNA tests at the time, and nor did the Soviet state easily accept challenges to its wisdom. It would take her another 38 years to prove the painful truth. Yulia Savelyeva recalls: 'Rimma came to us with Veronika, and she said that our children must have been swapped in the hospital. 'She said her husband did not like their daughter, and that she does not look like them. But I did not give up my Tanya, of course. 'My husband loved her. And how could I give away my child, who was already big and smiling? No, I could not. 'And it was hard for me to believe that doctors could do this, swap our children.' Much later, when the girls were at school together, Yulia now also began having doubts, she asked a friend to snap a picture of Veronika. 'We looked at photos of the girl, all our neighbours, relatives, everyone decided that she was like us, our oldest daughter,' she said. 'But still it was hard to believe, and how could we prove it? 'There was no scientific analysis then and the children were already big.' The attempt on Veronika's life by her 'father' Anatoly came around a decade after the swap. 'He thought my daughter was from a different man,' says Rimma. Anatoly tried to smother her with a pillow, and only stopped when Rimma threw a hot iron at him. 'So we broke up. I could not refuse that she was my daughter.' Veronika Shevetsova remembers asking her mother at 11 why they were nothing alike. 'She then answered with a smile - 'probably you were swapped in the hospital'. 'I took it as a joke, but I remembered for a long time, and I kept asking my mother whether I was her daughter or not.' The nagging feelings haunted them all. Several years later, after Veronika had gotten married, she made an unannounced visit to Yulia Savelyeva - her biological mother. 'Everything shrank inside me,' said Yulia. 'We hugged. Then just looked at each other for five minutes, hugged each other again…. 'We sat and looked at the photos and drank tea. I showed her Tanya's photos. She said that Tanya was like her aunt. 'No DNA test was necessary to understand that this was my child. She has my hair, my eyes, even voice.' Tanya was devastated, however. She was in tears, smashed things around the house, and could not accept her real parents were not those who raised her. Veronika, also stunned after the discovery, said: 'Tanya shouted that I want to take her mother from her, that all this could not be true… 'Of course, I'm hurt and sad, too. 'I love my mother, she loves me, I do not complain about how my life turned out, but maybe it could have been so different.' The four women then had a DNA tests, prompted by Rimma Shevetsova, and she wrote to Russian Channel One's Let Them Speak show. The story - the latest of dozens of swaps by Soviet hospitals to come to light later - will be broadcast next month. Veronika said that Tanya later calmed down and they spoke. 'Of course, we talked, and understood that there was nothing to divide. 'Nothing can be returned, we must somehow learn to live with this, now we have two mothers, two grandmothers.' Both women have two children. Veronika works in Perm as a inspector at a major industrial plant and is happily married. Tanya split from the father of her children and they are raised by her ex-husbands parents. She is unable to work because of an illness. It Is too late under Russian law for criminal charges against the staff of the maternity home. But lawyer Igor Savvin representing both mothers and both daughters, is seeking moral damages for them all in a court action.
968528932478873604	2018-02-27 16:51:06	https://t.co/N6YzLvKIAY	The last foot-binding survivors: Chinese grandmothers uncover their deformed 'lotus feet' https://t.co/N6YzLvKIAY	 It used to be something millions of women dreamt to have: a pair of tiny feet no longer than four inches. Girls as young as five would have layer after layer of bandage wrapped over their toes every single day for a decade to get the desirable 'lotus feet'. Although such feature is considered deformed and shocking in the modern eyes, less than 100 years ago in China it could not only gain its female owner respect from their family, but also secure her a decent husband. Apparently, tiny feet could also help satisfy Chinese men in the bedroom in the feudal era. Li Yun, a 17th century Chinese author, wrote in his lifestyle guide 'Sketches of Idle Pleasure' that palm-size feet on a woman were 'extremely sexy' and 'irresistible', and a man could get 'mind-blowing' experience by just touching them. On the other hand, women who didn't have their feet down-sized would be considered 'too manly', 'too strong' and 'not delicate enough', as an ancient Chinese saying goes. 'It's hard to imagine women had to subject themselves to such a painful process just to be accepted by the society and to be loved,' said Jo Farrell, a photographer and anthropologist who has spent the last 13 years documenting the last living women with bound feet in China. 'But it was the standard of beauty at the time, just like some women prefer being skinny or having tattoos nowadays,' added London-born Ms Farrell, 51, who now lives in Hong Kong. A best pair of bound feet, called 'golden lotus feet', should measure three cun (four inches) in length by Chinese measurement; while the next in the rank, 'silver lotus feet', should be four cun (5.2 inches). Women with such feat would wear beautiful embroidered shoes to show off their tiny feet. The controversial custom dates back over 1,000 years to China's Tang Dynasty and reached its peak in the Qing Dynasty which lasted from the 17th to the early 20th century. It was largely abolished - together with feudalism - after the founding of the Republic of China in 1912. However in rural areas, the custom carried on existing until 1940s. Today, there are very few women in China who have had their feet bound. Most of them are in their 90s and live in remote villages. Since 2005, Ms Farrell has photographed and interviewed around 55 such women in the provinces of Shandong, Yunnan and Shanxi. She said she started out on the project because she has always been interested in exploring traditions that are dying out. Ms Farrell called herself lucky in finding bound feet women because 'I seemed to be meeting the right people'. The photographer met her first interviewee through a taxi driver in Shanghai in 2005. 'At the time I thought all of these women were dead. When my taxi driver heard me saying that, he said his grandmother was one.' Ms Farrell then travelled to the taxi driver's hometown in Shandong to meet his grandmother Zhang Yun Ying. 'The first time I met Zhang Yun Ying and held her foot in my hand it was just incredible - so soft and so incredibly formed,' she recalled. She then found some other women through her translators or even random people she chatted to on the bus. 'Their grandmothers all seem to have bound feet.' In the past, Chinese women were only allowed to show their bound feet bare to their husbands. However, Ms Farrell said most of her interviewees were happy to remove their bandage and reveal their squashed toes and soles in front of her Hasselblad camera. 'At their age, it's easy for them to feel neglected. Maybe because my project makes them feel they are useful again,' said Ms Farrell. Surprisingly, objections usually came from the women's children who were afraid of criticism from the Chinese public. Ms Farrell said once she took a picture of her translator Blake and her grandmother who had bound feet. The picture showed Blake and her grandmother's bare feet next to each other. Blake's parents were apparently concerned about the picture - not because it captured her grandmother's 'lotus feet', but because it showed Blake's bare feet. 'They said if the picture was published 'they would say bad things',' said Ms Farrell. 'When I asked 'who are they', her parents said the people on the internet.' For more than a decade, the dedicated photographer has shuttled between Hong Kong and mainland China whenever possible to visit her existing and new interviewees. She described them as 'incredible', 'lovely' and 'generous'. She said: 'They all treat me like their granddaughter. They make me dumplings and introduce me to other bound feet women.' Although most of the women were supportive of Ms Farrell's project, some did hesitate at the beginning. There was once Ms Farrell was trying to convince four bound feet women from the same village to be photographed, but they were too scared and declined. However when Ms Farrell returned to the village, they saw the photos featuring other women's feet. They were touched by the beautiful images and asked if they could be a part of the project. There are a few theories on why the bound feet are called 'lotus feet' in China. According to a popular one, a perfectly bound foot should resemble the shape of a closed lotus blossom - with the woman's toe pointing forwards and the rest of her toes firmly folded underneath the sole. To achieve this, young girls would have to have their four toes bent under their sole and the front part of the sole bent towards the heel by force. They would have to wear the bandage way into their teenage years to make sure their 'lotus feet' would stay in shape. Apart from the supposed aesthetic purpose, a pair of 'lotus feet' could prove a woman faithfulness to her husband. The belief was that because she wouldn't be able to run quickly with her tiny feet, it'd be hard for her to have an affair or escape from her husband's family. 'Naturally no girls would want to undergo foot-binding, but it could prove that they came from a good family and were accepted by the society. 'Sometimes, the girls were not forced, instead they wanted to have their feet bound because they knew it was the only way forward,' Ms Farrell noted. In most cases however, it was the girl's mother or grandmother who forced her to go through the painful procedure 'for her own sake'. Ms Farrell said finding and meeting these lasting living bound feet women has completely changed her perception of life. 'I suddenly realised why we have to change ourselves to be loved. Why can't we be loved for who we are? 'That is also why I am not a fan of new beauty trends, such as the thigh gap, because who's there to say who's beautiful and who's not?' In 2014 nine years after Ms Farrell began her project, she started to raise funds through Kickstarter so she could continue with the endeavour. In the same year, Ms Farrell turned her research effort into a book 'Living History: Bound Feet Women of China', which she sells through her website. With the launch of her book, her incredible black-and-white portraits of the women and their 'lotus feet' won recognition instantly. Ms Farrell is currently working on a second edition of her book with new pictures. She is also documenting two other disappearing female customs in Asia: the Kayan women from Myanmar who have their neck stretched by wearing heavy brass coils and the Chin women, also from Myanmar, who wear full-facial tattoos. 'It hasn't been easy working on the projects because I am self-funded. But I will carry on because I've got to do things that matter to me,' she concluded. See more photos from Ms Farrell's of China's bound feet women on her website or in Hong Kong's Blue Lotus Gallery from March 18 to 31 in exhibition 'Bound'.
968526899537432576	2018-02-27 16:43:01	https://t.co/srXKqK6wgT	What is Renal Disease? Everything you need to know about kidney failure https://t.co/srXKqK6wgT	 Bill Cosby's daughter Ensa Cosby died on February 26, 2018, from renal disease, after suffering from kidney issues throughout her short life. She was just 44 years old. Renal disease, a stage of kidney disease, is a serious issue that can lead to death if not treated. According to the Kidney Fund, it’s the ninth most common cause of the death in the United States. But just what exactly is renal disease? What are its symptoms? Here’s everything you need to know about the symptoms of kidney failure and Bill Cosby’s daughter Ensa Cosby. Renal disease, also known as kidney failure or end-stage renal disease (ESRD), is the final stage of chronic kidney disease. It occurs when the kidneys fail, preventing the body from removing wastes and fluids. There is no known cure, although certain procedures can help patients live longer and alleviate pain. This condition is fatal if left untreated and requires a kidney transplant or dialysis for the patient to survive. Diabetes and high blood pressure are generally seen as the most common causes of renal disease. Urinary tract issues, genetic diseases and autoimmune diseases are also causes of renal disease. Acute renal failure, also known as acute kidney injury, can also be caused by alcohol and drug abuse, heart attacks, urinary tract problems and a lack of blood flow to the kidneys. This type of kidney failure can occur suddenly within 48 hours but is not always permanent. Kidney failure symptoms generally occur slowly and are often not noticeable until the kidneys are seriously damaged. Common symptoms include nausea, itching, muscle cramps, trouble breathing and swelling in the ankles and feet. The symptoms of acute kidney failure generally include back pain, abdominal pain, fever, rashes, diarrhea and vomiting. Ensa Cosby, daughter of comedian Bill Cosby, passed away from renal disease on the evening of February 23. Cosby had been suffering with kidney issues for her entire life and died in Massachusetts on the family’s property. She was employed as a yoga instructor and had previously appeared in a 1989 episode of The Cosby Show. Cosby had been a tireless defender of her father during his sexual assault trial in 2017. 
968521371964801025	2018-02-27 16:21:03	https://t.co/lOfGET6PnY	German court rules in favour of city bans on heavily-polluting diesel cars https://t.co/lOfGET6PnY	 Germany's top administrative court has today ruled in favour of allowing major cities to introduce blanket bans on heavily-polluting diesel cars. The decision could prove a hammer blow for the values of more than 12 million existing vehicles in the country - and a sign of the next moves to come in the UK and other European countries against diesels. It could also hit the pockets of car makers, who might be made responsible for fitting costly modifications to models that don't adhere to the latest Euro 6 emissions standard so they can continue to be used by owners. Scroll down for video The country’s Federal Administration Court, in Leipzig, backed the move to restrict diesel-car use after it was reported that 70 German cities have NOx levels which exceed EU limits. While other countries - including the UK - are also considering restrictions on diesel cars, especially in built-up areas, a widespread block in the birthplace of the modern automobile is a new blow for the motor industry and Chancellor Angela Merkel's government, which had resolutely opposed the ban until now. The ruling came after German states appealed against restrictions imposed by local courts in Stuttgart and Dusseldorf in cases brought by environmental group DUH over poor air quality that it said was the cause of 13,000 premature deaths each year. The first of the bans could be enforced as early as September, reports suggest. The Government had lobbied against the move, fearing it could anger millions of drivers and disrupt traffic in cities, with public transport not in a position to take up the slack. However, German leader Angela Merkel has been criticised by environmental groups for being too close and bowing to the motor industry, even after the VW Group's Dieselgate scandal in 2015. The car maker admitted to using cheat software to trick emissions measurements during type approval lab tests, which has led to a widespread government crackdown on diesel cars across Europe. One of Germany’s oldest and largest environmental organisations applauded the decision, saying 'the pressure on politicians and manufacturers has increased significantly' to take measures to reduce pollution. Speaking after the decision, ClientEarth’s lead clean air lawyer Ugo Taddei said: 'The win is a tremendous result for people’s health in Germany and may have an impact even further afield. 'This ruling gives long-awaited legal clarity that diesel restrictions are legally permissible and will unavoidably start a domino effect across the country, with implications for our other legal cases. 'Putting traffic restrictions on the most polluting vehicles is the quickest and most effective way to protect people from harmful air pollution.' With diesel sales falling by eight per cent in Europe - and 17 per cent in the UK - last year, owners of diesel cars have become increasingly concerned about the value of their vehicles if further bans and increased taxation are enforced on the fuel type. Today's move will do little to ease those fears and could be a huge blow to both owners and the motor industry. Presiding judge Andreas Korbmacher said that cities won't be required to compensate drivers for being unable to use their diesel cars. However, several measures have been considered to force auto makers to upgrade the millions of vehicles that would be deemed too polluting to be allowed access into major cities in their current state. So far, Volkswagen, BMW and Mercedes-Benz owner Daimler have agreed to pay for software upgrades to reduce emissions outputs of models, though it is expected that more costly hardware changes will be needed for older cars. Diesels that meet the latest Euro 6 emissions standards are expected to be exempt from the ban, though early estimates suggest it could cost between €7.6 billion and €14.5 billion to retrofit around six million vehicles that don't meet the current standards. Though those estimates could rise after Germany's automotive watchdog confirmed that only 2.7 million of the 15 million diesels in the country meet the latest Euro 6 standards. Aman Johal, director of Your Lawyers, which is spearheading class action against VW in the UK, said: 'This decision demonstrates the shift in attitude toward diesel vehicles following the Volkswagen emissions scandal, which experts say has caused thousands of premature deaths across Europe. 'In the UK, owners of vehicles fitted with cheat devices can take a stand against VW for their deceit.' Action against diesel vehicles in the UK includes higher VED taxation for new models bought from April this year. London Mayor Sadiq Khan also introduced the £10 T-Charge for older vehicles - both petrol and diesel - entering the centre of UK capital in a bid to reduce air pollution in the city. This will be replaced with Ultra Low Emissions Zones (ULEZ) from 2019, which could cover the entirety of London between the north and south circular road under new plans. Clean air zones are also due to be introduced to restrict the use of older diesels in other UK cities next year. Mike Hawes, chief executive at the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders in the UK, said: 'The automotive industry recognises the air quality challenge and wants to help all cities meet their targets. However, this must be done without unfairly penalising or banning those who have invested in diesel in good faith. 'SMMT supports a consistent approach that incentivises uptake of the latest, cleanest vehicles, whatever their fuel type. 'This includes new low emission Euro 6 diesels which will not face any bans, restrictions or access charges under the UK government’s air quality plans.' Elsewhere, France has introduced a new Crit Air vehicle emissions label system that has seen older diesels banned from Paris and other major city centres during peak hours. The scaled system means French ministers can use a graduated approach to banning diesel cars as years pass. It is expected to be enforced in cities across the country during 2018. In the last week, Porsche confirmed it had pulled all diesel cars from its range due to a lack of demand and difficulties getting its current oil burners to meet emissions standards in new tests that were introduced in September. Fiat Chrysler is set to follow suit by axing all diesel models by 2022 in a move that is due to be confirmed on 1 March. Reacting to Germany’s federal court ruling, Friends of the Earth clean air campaigner Jenny Bates said: 'Germany’s federal court ruling shows a strong commitment to putting people’s health first and removing diesel vehicles from German cities. This is potentially a big step towards cleaning up the country’s polluted air. 'The writing is on the wall for diesels, and we need stronger action from the UK Government to protect people’s health by removing the most polluting vehicles, including diesel cars, from our streets. 'A decent scrappage scheme must be put in place to compensate drivers who brought diesel cars in good faith. 'This should also go hand in hand with a network of more Clean Air Zones across the country which need to come in to effect as soon as possible; along with investment to improve public transport and walking and cycling.'
968520983979184128	2018-02-27 16:19:31	https://t.co/RNvCTYJW35	Any life on Proxima b, hoped to be an 'Earth 2.0', may have been wiped out by a massive solar flare last year https://t.co/RNvCTYJW35	 'Earth-like' Proxima b was thought to be one of our best hopes for finding alien life when it was discovered two years ago. At just four light years away, experts believed that future generations of super-fast spacecraft could travel to the mysterious planet and explore its surface. But it seems we may be too late to find life. A new study suggests that a huge solar flare last year wiped any trace of aliens from the planet that scientists have described as an 'Earth 2.0'. At its peak, the flare from Proxima Centauri was 1,000 times brighter than the star normally is, and 10 times brighter than the largest flares from our sun. Astronomers believe Proxima b may have been hit with 4,000 times more deadly radiation than solar flares unleashed on the Earth. Scroll down for video Proxima b, dubbed 'a second Earth', is the right distance from its star to host liquid water, which means it has the potential for alien life. It is the closest exoplanet we could ever discover, and experts have previously said missions to the planet to search for signs of life could be feasible 'within our lifetime'. Because Proxima Centauri is a dim red dwarf star radiating much less heat than the sun, it still occupies the 'habitable zone' where temperatures are mild enough to permit liquid surface water. The temperature on the surface of the planet could be between -90° and 30° Celsius (-130 and 86 Fahrenheit). Researchers already knew that any life that evolved on its surface would be hardened against powerful ultraviolet rays and X-rays from Proxima Centauri but it seems solar flares could prove too fearsome to survive. Stellar flares happen when a shift in the star's magnetic field accelerates electrons to speeds approaching that of light. The accelerated electrons interact with the highly charged plasma that makes up most of the star, causing an eruption. The flare from Proxima Centauri was spotted by a team of astronomers led by Carnegie's Meredith MacGregor and Alycia Weinberger. According to a paper due to be published in The Astrophysial Journal Letters, such outbursts could be common. 'March 24, 2017 was no ordinary day for Proxima Cen,' said lead author Dr MacGregor. 'It's likely that Proxima b was blasted by high energy radiation during this flare,' Dr MacGregor explained, adding that it was already known that Proxima Centauri experienced regular, although smaller, X-ray flares. 'Over the billions of years since Proxima b formed, flares like this one could have evaporated any atmosphere or ocean and sterilized the surface, suggesting that habitability may involve more than just being the right distance from the host star to have liquid water.' This was preceded by a smaller flare; taken together, the whole event lasted fewer than two minutes of the ten hours that ALMA observed the star between January and March of last year. They discovered the enormous flare when they reanalysed observations taken last year by Atacama Large Millimeter or ALMA, a radio telescope made up of 66 antennae. Stellar flares have not been well studied at the wavelengths detected by ALMA, especially around stars of Proxima Centauri's type, called M dwarfs, which are the most common in our galaxy. A November paper also found that stellar winds could also greatly reduce the chances of finding life on Proxima b. The two research papers published in Astrophysical Journal Letters reveal that stellar wind may have stripped many candidates of their chance at life. 'Traditional definition and climate models of the habitable zone consider only the surface temperature,' Chuanfei Dong of Princeton, who led the first study last November, said. Distance: This is the closest Earth-like planet we could ever find. Orbiting our nearest star, the planet is only four light years away. Missions to send spacecraft to the planet to examine for signs of life are already in planning, and could happen within decades. Composition: The planet is rocky and a similar size to Earth. Temperature: It lies in the 'habitable zone' of its star, which means there could be liquid water on its surface - a key ingredient for alien life. The temperature on the surface of the planet could be between -90° and 30° Celsius (-130 and 86 Fahrenheit). Atmosphere: If Proxima b has an atmosphere, the simple ingredients - water, carbon dioxide, and rock - that are needed for the formation of biochemical cycles that we call life, could all be present and interacting on the planet's surface. 'But the stellar wind can significantly contribute to the long-term erosion and atmospheric loss of many exoplanets, so the climate models tell only part of the story.' The first paper looks at the timescale of atmospheric retention on Proxima Centauri b. The second paper questions how long oceans could survive on 'water worlds' — planets thought to have seas that could be hundreds of miles deep. The studies show that the stellar wind, a constant outpouring of charged particles that sweep out into space, could severely deplete the atmosphere of such planets over hundreds of millions of years, rendering them unable to host surface-based life as we know it. On Proxima b, the model indicates that high stellar wind pressure would cause the atmosphere to escape and prevent atmosphere from lasting long enough to give rise to surface-based life as we know it. 'The evolution of life takes billions of years,' Dr Dong noted. 'Our results indicate that PCb and similar exoplanets are generally not capable of supporting an atmosphere over sufficiently long timescales when the stellar wind pressure is high. 'It is only if the pressure is sufficiently low,' he said, 'and if the exoplanet has a reasonably strong magnetic shield like that of the Earth's magnetosphere, that the exoplanet can retain an atmosphere and has the potential for habitability.' 
968518856108118016	2018-02-27 16:11:04	https://t.co/JuUVbBorOc	Taiwan's premier pleads for calm after the public clear out loo paper from supermarkets https://t.co/JuUVbBorOc	 Taiwan's premier was forced to call for calm on Tuesday after people began panic-buying toilet roll amid rumours of a major price hike. Supermarket shelves were stripped bare and online retailers cleaned out amid what has been dubbed the 'toilet paper apocalypse'. One popular internet store, PChome, said it had sold five millions packs of toilet tissue in just three days. Panic set in after manufacturers warned stores that prices could rise by up to 30 per cent from mid-March because of a rise in the cost of pulp. Customers currently pay around £4.89 for a 12-pack of toilet tissue, but could end up paying £6.35 if the rises go ahead. William Lai, the premier of Taiwan, issued a statement on Tuesday asking the public 'not to panic and not to rush to buy.' 'The supply is sufficient and everybody will have toilet papers,' he said. Taiwan's government has also asked the Fair Trade Commission to look into allegations of price fixing by manufacturers and major retailers. The investigation will seek to find out whether toilet paper vendors have colluded to raise prices without just cause, which would 'undermine market order'. YFY Inc., one of the island's largest tissue suppliers, said the cost of short-fibre pulp used in the production of toilet paper has risen 50 percent since mid-2017. An 'imbalance in supply and demand' caused the production cost per tonne of pulp to rise from £467 in February 2017 to £571 just a year later. Retailers had already adjusted prices by 5 to 8 per cent last year, but they are now set to hike the prices even higher to reflect the current market situation. 
968513320117522432	2018-02-27 15:49:04	https://t.co/Fm2v0H0U2n	German court rules in favour of city bans on heavily-polluting diesel cars https://t.co/Fm2v0H0U2n	 Germany's top administrative court has today ruled in favour of allowing major cities to introduce blanket bans on heavily-polluting diesel cars. The decision could prove a hammer blow for the values of more than 12 million existing vehicles in the country - and a sign of the next moves to come in the UK and other European countries against diesels. It could also hit the pockets of car makers, who might be made responsible for fitting costly modifications to models that don't adhere to the latest Euro 6 emissions standard so they can continue to be used by owners. Scroll down for video The country’s Federal Administration Court, in Leipzig, backed the move to restrict diesel-car use after it was reported that 70 German cities have NOx levels which exceed EU limits. While other countries - including the UK - are also considering restrictions on diesel cars, especially in built-up areas, a widespread block in the birthplace of the modern automobile is a new blow for the motor industry and Chancellor Angela Merkel's government, which had resolutely opposed the ban until now. The ruling came after German states appealed against restrictions imposed by local courts in Stuttgart and Dusseldorf in cases brought by environmental group DUH over poor air quality that it said was the cause of 13,000 premature deaths each year. The first of the bans could be enforced as early as September, reports suggest. The Government had lobbied against the move, fearing it could anger millions of drivers and disrupt traffic in cities, with public transport not in a position to take up the slack. However, German leader Angela Merkel has been criticised by environmental groups for being too close and bowing to the motor industry, even after the VW Group's Dieselgate scandal in 2015. The car maker admitted to using cheat software to trick emissions measurements during type approval lab tests, which has led to a widespread government crackdown on diesel cars across Europe. One of Germany’s oldest and largest environmental organisations applauded the decision, saying 'the pressure on politicians and manufacturers has increased significantly' to take measures to reduce pollution. Speaking after the decision, ClientEarth’s lead clean air lawyer Ugo Taddei said: 'The win is a tremendous result for people’s health in Germany and may have an impact even further afield. 'This ruling gives long-awaited legal clarity that diesel restrictions are legally permissible and will unavoidably start a domino effect across the country, with implications for our other legal cases. 'Putting traffic restrictions on the most polluting vehicles is the quickest and most effective way to protect people from harmful air pollution.' With diesel sales falling by eight per cent in Europe - and 17 per cent in the UK - last year, owners of diesel cars have become increasingly concerned about the value of their vehicles if further bans and increased taxation are enforced on the fuel type. Today's move will do little to ease those fears and could be a huge blow to both owners and the motor industry. Presiding judge Andreas Korbmacher said that cities won't be required to compensate drivers for being unable to use their diesel cars. However, several measures have been considered to force auto makers to upgrade the millions of vehicles that would be deemed too polluting to be allowed access into major cities in their current state. So far, Volkswagen, BMW and Mercedes-Benz owner Daimler have agreed to pay for software upgrades to reduce emissions outputs of models, though it is expected that more costly hardware changes will be needed for older cars. Diesels that meet the latest Euro 6 emissions standards are expected to be exempt from the ban, though early estimates suggest it could cost between €7.6 billion and €14.5 billion to retrofit around six million vehicles that don't meet the current standards. Though those estimates could rise after Germany's automotive watchdog confirmed that only 2.7 million of the 15 million diesels in the country meet the latest Euro 6 standards. Aman Johal, director of Your Lawyers, which is spearheading class action against VW in the UK, said: 'This decision demonstrates the shift in attitude toward diesel vehicles following the Volkswagen emissions scandal, which experts say has caused thousands of premature deaths across Europe. 'In the UK, owners of vehicles fitted with cheat devices can take a stand against VW for their deceit.' Action against diesel vehicles in the UK includes higher VED taxation for new models bought from April this year. London Mayor Sadiq Khan also introduced the £10 T-Charge for older vehicles - both petrol and diesel - entering the centre of UK capital in a bid to reduce air pollution in the city. This will be replaced with Ultra Low Emissions Zones (ULEZ) from 2019, which could cover the entirety of London between the north and south circular road under new plans. Clean air zones are also due to be introduced to restrict the use of older diesels in other UK cities next year. Mike Hawes, chief executive at the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders in the UK, said: 'The automotive industry recognises the air quality challenge and wants to help all cities meet their targets. However, this must be done without unfairly penalising or banning those who have invested in diesel in good faith. 'SMMT supports a consistent approach that incentivises uptake of the latest, cleanest vehicles, whatever their fuel type. 'This includes new low emission Euro 6 diesels which will not face any bans, restrictions or access charges under the UK government’s air quality plans.' Elsewhere, France has introduced a new Crit Air vehicle emissions label system that has seen older diesels banned from Paris and other major city centres during peak hours. The scaled system means French ministers can use a graduated approach to banning diesel cars as years pass. It is expected to be enforced in cities across the country during 2018. In the last week, Porsche confirmed it had pulled all diesel cars from its range due to a lack of demand and difficulties getting its current oil burners to meet emissions standards in new tests that were introduced in September. Fiat Chrysler is set to follow suit by axing all diesel models by 2022 in a move that is due to be confirmed on 1 March. Reacting to Germany’s federal court ruling, Friends of the Earth clean air campaigner Jenny Bates said: 'Germany’s federal court ruling shows a strong commitment to putting people’s health first and removing diesel vehicles from German cities. This is potentially a big step towards cleaning up the country’s polluted air. 'The writing is on the wall for diesels, and we need stronger action from the UK Government to protect people’s health by removing the most polluting vehicles, including diesel cars, from our streets. 'A decent scrappage scheme must be put in place to compensate drivers who brought diesel cars in good faith. 'This should also go hand in hand with a network of more Clean Air Zones across the country which need to come in to effect as soon as possible; along with investment to improve public transport and walking and cycling.'
968509047019376641	2018-02-27 15:32:05	https://t.co/xFv2sXUsNr	What is Rama Navami and when is it in 2018? https://t.co/xFv2sXUsNr	 The Hindu festival Rama Navami is an annual celebration part of the spring Navratri, or nine-day period and typically occurs during the Gregorian months of March and April, around the same time as Holi. Marking the birthday of Lord Rama, Hindus would read stories from the Ramayana, the epic that also tells the tale of Diwali, visit temples or pray at home and take part in religious singing during a bhajan or a kirtan. Rama Navami celebrations take place at locations in India that are associated with the Lord Rama like Ayodhya in Uttar Pradesh and Rameswaram in Tamil Nadu that usually attract a lot of devotees, but who is Lord Rama and when is Rama Navami in 2018? Rama Navami celebrates the birthday of Lord Rama, the son of King Dasharatha of Ayodhya in Uttar Pradesh, and the event has origins in an ancient Hindu story. King Dasharatha had three wives but no children and in order to appease the Gods, he conducted a prayer ceremony, called a yagna, believing this would give him an heir to the throne. During the yagna, a sage offered Dasharatha a bowl of holy dessert, called payasam, of which he offered his eldest wife Kausalya the first portion. A few days later, Kausalya conceived a son who was named Ramarama. The Hindu epic Ramayana that tells the story of this God and claims that he was an incarnation of the creator of the universe, Vishnu, who transformed into a human to end evil on Earth. Rama only became a ‘god’ after he achieved this triumph of good over evil when he killed Ravana, the ten-headed demon who had kept his wife Sita captive during Rama’s 14 year exile from Ayodhya. After Ravana’s death, the community welcomed Sita, Rama and his brother Lakshman back and lit the way back into the city with a multitude of lights. This day is celebrated on Diwali, or the Festival of Lights. Rama Navami, or the birthday of Lord Rama will be celebrated on Sunday, March 25 2018. As Lord Rama is thought to have been born in the middle of the Hindu day, or the Madhyahna period, the day may be occasionally marked over two days because of when the lunar calendar shifts or when the sun rises on the ninth day of the nine day period, also referred to as Chaitra Navratri. Despite Rama being one of the most revered Hindu gods, Rama Navami is a relatively minor festival in comparison to Diwali or Holi. It is also not a national holiday but is an optional restricted holiday in India. Rama Navami was not celebrated in the second century, during the time when the Ramayana is thought to have been written. Festivals only started to be marked in India in the 16th century when the devotional movement, or Bhakti, gained momentum and Sufi saints and scholars popularised epic tales such as the Ramayana with literature, poetry and religious songs. During this time, the Ramayana was translated from Sanskrit to other regional languages including Hindi, Bengali and Malayalam which ensured that Rama was regarded as the supreme deity that he is today. Rama Navami is now celebrated by fasting in the nine days, or Chaitra Navratri, in the lead up to the day as well as prayers in temples where idols of Lord Rama are worshipped and excerpts from the Ramayana are read out loud by priests. The Indian Hindu diaspora also celebrate Rama Navami, notably the Indian servants who arrived in colonial South Africa before 1910 to work in British plantations and mines, lived through the Apartheid regime and mark Lord Rama’s birthday by reciting the Ramayana and singing religious songs. The same happens with Hindus living in the Caribbean countries and Fiji.
968508286864646144	2018-02-27 15:29:04	https://t.co/xBfo2edpVo	Two women discover they were swapped at birth 39 years https://t.co/xBfo2edpVo	 Two Russian women have made the shocking discovery that they were swapped at birth by Soviet doctors in the 70s. Veronika Shevetsova and Tanya Savelyeva, both 39, from Pozhva, Perm region, say their mothers always had their suspicions - but it is only now that DNA tests have proved they were raised by the wrong families. Further adding to the drama of the baby swap is that one of the women grew up with a doting and devoted father - and the other's tried to murder her as a child. Ms Shevetsova's 'father' Anatoly was convinced that his wife Rimma had given birth to a lover's child as baby Veronika did not look like him. As a result, he tried to suffocate an 10-year-old Veronika by holding a pillow over her face, and Rimma and Anatoly split up. Ms Savelyeva on the other hand grew up as the beloved daughter of a policeman yet is now devastated to learn that he was not her real father. 'I'm shocked,' she said. 'And my family is, too. I have only my parents, no-one else, I love them very much, they love me. 'My children already have a grandmother and grandfather. I do not understand how this could happen, I refuse to understand. 'I grew up as the favourite daughter of my father. I still cannot believe it…' There were only four women in the small maternity hospital in Pozhva, Perm region on 7th March 1978. Against the normal rules, the newborn babies were not tagged. Rimma Shevetsova asked to see her baby's face right after birth because she feared the child would have a birthmark - like her elder daughter. She remembers didn't. In hospital, Rimma recalled she was once given the wrong baby to feed, and she swapped with a mother whose daughter had been born on a train. When she took Veronika home, her husband Anatoly noticed a small birth mark and challenged her angrily: 'You told me there were no marks. Why did you cheat me?' At eight months, Veronika had blonde hair and blue eyes when both parents were dark. Anatoly was convinced she had been unfaithful. 'He was very offended,' she said. Before Veronika was a year old, she went to see Tanya's mother, Yulia Savelyeva. 'I looked at their Tanya - and she was totally like my oldest daughter, Zhenya,' said Rimma. Yet there were no DNA tests at the time, and nor did the Soviet state easily accept challenges to its wisdom. It would take her another 38 years to prove the painful truth. Yulia Savelyeva recalls: 'Rimma came to us with Veronika, and she said that our children must have been swapped in the hospital. 'She said her husband did not like their daughter, and that she does not look like them. But I did not give up my Tanya, of course. 'My husband loved her. And how could I give away my child, who was already big and smiling? No, I could not. 'And it was hard for me to believe that doctors could do this, swap our children.' Much later, when the girls were at school together, Yulia now also began having doubts, she asked a friend to snap a picture of Veronika. 'We looked at photos of the girl, all our neighbours, relatives, everyone decided that she was like us, our oldest daughter,' she said. 'But still it was hard to believe, and how could we prove it? 'There was no scientific analysis then and the children were already big.' The attempt on Veronika's life by her 'father' Anatoly came around a decade after the swap. 'He thought my daughter was from a different man,' says Rimma. Anatoly tried to smother her with a pillow, and only stopped when Rimma threw a hot iron at him. 'So we broke up. I could not refuse that she was my daughter.' Veronika Shevetsova remembers asking her mother at 11 why they were nothing alike. 'She then answered with a smile - 'probably you were swapped in the hospital'. 'I took it as a joke, but I remembered for a long time, and I kept asking my mother whether I was her daughter or not.' The nagging feelings haunted them all. Several years later, after Veronika had gotten married, she made an unannounced visit to Yulia Savelyeva - her biological mother. 'Everything shrank inside me,' said Yulia. 'We hugged. Then just looked at each other for five minutes, hugged each other again…. 'We sat and looked at the photos and drank tea. I showed her Tanya's photos. She said that Tanya was like her aunt. 'No DNA test was necessary to understand that this was my child. She has my hair, my eyes, even voice.' Tanya was devastated, however. She was in tears, smashed things around the house, and could not accept her real parents were not those who raised her. Veronika, also stunned after the discovery, said: 'Tanya shouted that I want to take her mother from her, that all this could not be true… 'Of course, I'm hurt and sad, too. 'I love my mother, she loves me, I do not complain about how my life turned out, but maybe it could have been so different.' The four women then had a DNA tests, prompted by Rimma Shevetsova, and she wrote to Russian Channel One's Let Them Speak show. The story - the latest of dozens of swaps by Soviet hospitals to come to light later - will be broadcast next month. Veronika said that Tanya later calmed down and they spoke. 'Of course, we talked, and understood that there was nothing to divide. 'Nothing can be returned, we must somehow learn to live with this, now we have two mothers, two grandmothers.' Both women have two children. Veronika works in Perm as a inspector at a major industrial plant and is happily married. Tanya split from the father of her children and they are raised by her ex-husbands parents. She is unable to work because of an illness. It Is too late under Russian law for criminal charges against the staff of the maternity home. But lawyer Igor Savvin representing both mothers and both daughters, is seeking moral damages for them all in a court action.
968506264228696067	2018-02-27 15:21:02	https://t.co/zBrSSVcXG1	Woman, 22, is killed by lion at a game lodge in South Africa https://t.co/zBrSSVcXG1 https://t.co/161K9Qw4Vx	 A 22-year-old woman has been mauled to death by a lioness at a private game lodge in South Africa. Bystanders battled to save the young woman’s life after she was savaged by the big cat just outside Dinokeng Nature Reserve in Hammanskraal at about 11am. But the unnamed victim had suffered 'severe injuries' in the attack and died at the scene, according to medics from South Africa’s Netcare 911 team. Netcare 911 spokesman Nick Dollman told Rekord North: 'When Netcare 911 paramedics arrived at the scene, bystanders had initiated CPR. 'Tragically, the victim had sustained severe injuries and she died at the scene.' He said the Cullinan police were on scene to investigate but was unable to reveal the name of the lodge where the incident occurred. According to its website, the reserve is one of the first free roaming parks featuring the 'Big 5' species of African animals - lion, leopard, rhino, buffalo and elephant - 'in Gauteng - and probably in the world – next to an urbanized area'. It offers 'self-drive routes' for visitors to view the wildlife that live on the reserve. In April last year, a herd of eight elephants broke out of the reserve, which is 30 miles north of the Pretoria but they were soon recovered. Earlier this year a big cat poacher was killed and eaten by the pride of lions he was hunting at a private game reserve in South Africa. The hunter was heard screaming for help as he was attacked at the Ingwelala Private Nature Reserve in Hoedspruit outside Phalaborwa. But the lions quickly killed their victim and devoured most of his body before being chased off, leaving his head untouched. In 2015, an American tourist, who was mauled to death by a lion in South Africa, took pictures of the cat which killed her just seconds before it pounced. Police examined the last haunting photographs taken by the woman as evidence that she had ignored warnings to keep her windows closed as she toured the South African safari park. Traumatised tourists watched as the nine-year-old lioness killed the 22-year-old holidaymaker. 
968502048571449346	2018-02-27 15:04:16	https://t.co/Zjkjh3QJBA	Cyber security experts warn that AI could mimic writing styles of millions of users to launch devastating scams https://t.co/Zjkjh3QJBA	 Robots could mimic writing styles and habits of millions of people to launch devastating scams, cyber security experts have warned. Hackers could use AI programmes to impersonate individuals after malicious software harvests records and emails from their computers. Such a scam could 'explode' as colleagues and contacts are tricked into opening files and infecting their own systems. A House of Lords committee has also been told that criminal gangs could deploy AI to sift masses of material collected from hacked devices such as smart TVs at companies - and work out what can intelligence can be used to make money. The potential for organised gangs to 'scale up' their activities using developments in artificial intelligence was spelled out in evidence to peers by respected Cambridge-based cyber security experts Darktrace. The written submission to the AI Committee, which is investigation the potential threat from the fast-shifting technology, says there are huge opportunities for motivated groups to 'pursue new models of criminality'. 'Imagine a piece of malicious software on your laptop that can read your calendar, emails, messages etc,' it said. 'Now imagine that it has AI that can understand all of that material and can train itself on how you differently communicate with different people. 'It could then contextually contact your co-workers and customers replicating your individual communication style with each of them to spread itself. 'Maybe you have a diary appointment with someone and it sends them a map reminding them where to go, and hidden in that map is a copy of malicious software. 'Perhaps you are editing a document back and forth with another colleague, the software can reply whilst making a tiny edit, and again include the malicious software. 'Will your colleagues open those emails? Absolutely. Because they will sound like they are from you and be contextually relevant. A piece of malicious software is placed on your laptop or computer. It accesses records such as calendar, emails and messages, and passes the details to an Artificial Intelligence program. That software process the mass of information and replicates the way you communicate with specific individuals. It then impersonates you to trick work colleagues and contacts into infecting their systems. 'Now imagine that it has AI that can understand all of that material and can train itself on how you differently communicate with different people. 'It could then contextually contact your co-workers and customers replicating your individual communication style with each of them to spread itself. Dave Palmer, director of technology at Darktrace, said: 'Whether you have a formal relationship, informal, discuss football or the Great British Bake Off, all of this can be learnt and replicated. 'Such an attack is likely to explode across supply chains. Want to go after a hard target like an individual in a bank or a specific individual in public life? This may be the best way.' 'Whether you have a formal relationship, informal, discuss football or the Great British Bake Off, all of this can be learnt and replicated. 'Such an attack is likely to explode across supply chains. Want to go after a hard target like an individual in a bank or a specific individual in public life? This may be the best way.' The submission by Dave Palmer, Director of Technology at Darktrace, gives a second example of an attack on smart TVs and video conferencing systems at a firm, pointing out that such devices are typically more vulnerable than conventional computers. Mr Palmer said the criminals could 'activate the microphones and stream the audio of all meetings held, to an AI driven translation and transcription service (already available from Google and Amazon)'. 'Given transcripts of all meetings an additional simple AI model could automatically alert the criminal to topics of interest (perhaps unannounced Mergers & Acquisitions, or the details of preparations for a particular trial) and suddenly the criminal has easily scalable approaches for ambient surveillance of a company without having to actually listen to any meetings themselves,' Mr Palmer said. Mr Palmer said up to now ambient surveillance had been the 'stuff of spies' because it did not 'scale very well' and required huge human effort to sift material. 'AI completely changes that whilst we as an economy are busily engaged in the sprinkling of our environments with cameras and mics,' the submission warned. Darktrace said it was 'somewhat surprising' neither of those types of attacks had happened so far. 'AI is absolutely democratised to anyone with a laptop and an internet connection. A motivated 'hobbyist' software programmer could almost certainly start from no understanding of AI, to deliver the types of attack described in the first and second examples above within 6-12 months,' Mr Palmer said. 'A more focused criminal would be able to achieve this sooner and it is somewhat surprising this hasn't happened already.' In the future, Darktrace fears that AI could be used to alter crucial data to sabotage the operations of companies. It suggested an oil and gas firm could be tricked into bidding for drilling and mining rights in a 'wrong and not profitable location'. There is also the danger that bank account balances could be 'subtly and consistently tweaked' so that when they try to file accounts at the end of the year they are 'inexplicable' and result in a 'major loss of consumer confidence'. 'Such attacks are more elaborate and would rely on smart software that was able to manipulate data in a manner that is believable at first glance but that becomes disruptive at scale. It's not unreasonable to believe this is achievable in the next 10 years,' the submission said. 
968498154881593344	2018-02-27 14:48:48	https://t.co/JNswIsLO0a	Dolphins kept in hotel's basement swimming pool are FREED following international outcry https://t.co/JNswIsLO0a	 A cruel Dolphinarium exposed by MailOnline in the swimming pool of a hotel complex in Armenia has been forced to shut down. The British marine mammal charity which led the fight to rescue bottle nosed dolphins kept as a tourist attraction announced the news today. The stressed and lonely creatures in buildings adjacent to the Best Western Paradise Hotel Dilijian - not far from the Armenian capital of Yerevan - saw little natural light or heard other creatures in their captivity. They swam endless laps of the pool built originally to accommodate humans and were offered up as a dubious form of 'therapy' to 'cure' sick children. The Best Western Hotel was not the operator of the facility, although several guests complained on its website about the dolphinarium. Now the charity Marine Connection in the UK has announced the Dolphinarium was closing and the dolphins would be relocated to Russia. Margaux Dodds, director of the charity, said: 'I am thankful for MailOnline's role in exposing this facility. 'After working hard with my colleagues in Armenia to convince the authorities that this place should close – they have now instructed it to cease operation and we are now awaiting the relevant permits from CITES to allow the dolphins to be taken back to Russia. 'Sadly, as they are owned by the Russians, obtaining the dolphins was never an option, but this is a step in the right direction as it means once these dolphins leave, Armenia will again be a country with no captive cetaceans. 'Marine Connection will continue to work with colleagues in Armenia once these dolphins have gone, to ensure that remains the case in the future.' The dolphinarium operators boasted that children suffering from a range of illnesses - from autism to delayed development and even cancer - benefited from swimming with the creatures in their underground aquatic prison. But 'dolphin assisted therapy', as it is termed, has been widely debunked by global experts. 'Dolphins are not healers but smart sociable predators and they shouldn't be used to 'cure' the ill,' Lori Marino, a neuroscientist at Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, who has been studying dolphins and whales for 25 years, said. 'Thousands of families visit DAT facilities and end up gaining nothing that they could not have gained from interacting with a puppy. 'Hidden behind their smile, and therefore largely invisible to patients and vacationers, captive dolphins spend their lives under tremendous stress as they struggle to adapt to an environment that, physically, socially and psychologically, is drastically different from the wild. 'The results are devastating. Stress leads to immune system dysfunction. Often they die from gastric ulcers, infections and other stress and immune-related diseases, not helped by their sometimes being given laxatives and antidepressants that are delivered in their food. 'The worst of it, perhaps, is that there is absolutely no evidence for DAT's therapeutic effectiveness. 'At best, there might be short-term gains attributable to the feel-good effects of being in a novel environment and the placebo boost of having positive expectations. Nothing more. 'Any apparent improvement in children with autism, people with depression, and others is as much an illusion as the "smile" of the dolphin.' The day MailOnline visited the dolphins late last year the creatures, estimated to be about four or five years old, were once again the star attraction for a group of visiting children who indeed were delighted by their permanent grins. But they were not a 'smile' at all, but a result of their jawbone development which gave the false appearance of endless happiness. Dolphinariums of the sort at the hotel were permanently banned in the UK two decades ago thanks chiefly to the efforts of the Marine Connection charity concerned with all aspects of dolphin and whale welfare. Director Margaux Dodds, who led that campaign to shut down the UK sites, was appalled when she saw the photos and videos of the dolphins - creatures that came from Russia under dubious circumstances. A CITES certificate - Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora - that the operators held testifying to the provenance of the dolphins appeared to be false. The certificate said the dolphins came from the Morskaya Zvezda Dolphinarium in Sochi on Russia's Black Sea. But Ms Dodd said a close inspection of the CITES permit showed that CITES did not have its number, nor the security stamp on it. 'My concern, given that there is a zero capture quote from the Black Sea, would be that these dolphins were wild caught, taken into captivity briefly and then listed as captive source - this is not uncommon,' she said. 'Wherever they came from, a swimming pool built for humans is no place for them to be. The filtration unit of the pool alone could not cope with the amounts of waste these dolphins expelled. 'These are wild sea mammals, not pets. There is no benefit to children or others derived from swimming with them. Captive dolphins live shorter lives and sadder lives.' Ms Dodds, whose charity's website - www.marineconnection.org announced the closure - added: 'We are grateful for all the support we have received to shut this place down.'
968493190272733186	2018-02-27 14:29:04	https://t.co/eMl4aav1GV	Images document those caught trying to flee East Germany by the Stasi https://t.co/eMl4aav1GV	 These haunting pictures document people who tried to escape Soviet-controlled East Germany - before being forced to re-enact their ordeal for the Secret police. Not content with mug shots of the failed escapees, the Ministry of State Security - better known as the Stasi - insisted on mocked-up pictures of the escapes to be used as 'evidence' in show trials against those who were caught. The pictures, obtained from the Federal Stasi Records Agency, show elderly people ordered to hide in the trunk of cars and mothers forced to pose with their children. They are also thought to have been used to train border guards and agents, showing the lengths people would go in order to escape the 'Workers' Paradise' of the German Democratic Republic. The faces were blurred out for privacy reasons by the Federal Stasi Records Agency. But despite the faces being missing, the desperation of these people caught trying to escape the GDR is still clear. For 28 years, communist-controlled East Germany was cut off from the West by the Berlin Wall and the heavily-armed guards that defended it. The wall was erected by the Soviets in 1961 after the number of East Germans leaving the GDR via West Berlin reached record heights. Border guards around the Berlin Wall were under strict orders to shoot men, women or children trying to flee. That meant escapees had to adopt covert tactics - sneaking through checkpoints, hiding in vehicles and tunnelling under the concrete to get to West Berlin. In total 75,000 East Germans were caught attempting to escape and imprisoned and at least 140 people were killed by Soviet soldiers. The Revolutions of 1989 resulted in the end of communist rule in Central and Eastern Europe and the demise of wall. 
968487964299931648	2018-02-27 14:08:18	https://t.co/BCqHLbGqKI	Village forces its males to dress up as women after five healthy men die in their sleep https://t.co/BCqHLbGqKI	 Terrified villagers are forcing their husbands to wear women's clothing and makeup to bed in fear an evil widow ghost will kill them. Other residents of the remote hamlet in Nakhon Phanom, northeast Thailand, are hanging scarecrows with huge penises outside their homes. The village of 90 people flew into a panic after five fit and healthy young men died suddenly in their sleep in recent weeks. They believed a widow's ghost was terrorising the village by seducing men in their sleep and taking their spirits to the afterlife for her to have her way with them. Scroll down for video Deeply superstitious locals in response put scarecrows wearing red clothes with giant 80cm erect penises with a painted red tip outside their homes. Some also have labels on them saying 'there is no man here' and others made their husbands wear women's clothes and makeup to bed. The makeshift solution appeared to have worked as not a single man died since the scarecrows were made about a week ago. Relieved pensioner Nong Ayu, 68, said everyone was afraid of the widow ghost and there were rumours men in neighbouring villages had also died. 'Nobody knows why and the village elders are afraid that the young teenagers will die next. There could be no more men left here,' she said. The five deaths of the otherwise healthy men started earlier this month. They died in their sleep shortly after having a bath and going to bed. Villagers believed large penises were a symbol of masculinity and strength which defended against the ghost widow - drawing her to the scarecrows instead of their men. Some wives even made their husbands wear makeup and women's clothes when they went to bed, in the hope that the ghost widow would mistake them for a female and stay away. 'The deaths first started with two men in their 40s who were physically strong. They didn't have any diseases,' Piyatida Wai, 36, said. 'They had been bathing then went to bed like normal. Their relatives found them dead in the morning. 'Now my son is afraid that his father will die. We have put the scarecrows up outside the homes. They also have a label on them which says "there is no man here". 'The penis symbolises masculinity. Since hanging in front of the house, no man has died. The villagers do it and we're comforted by our faith.' Other residents said the village was always a very normal place to live but the recent deaths shook them. Johnny, 53, who has a Thai mother and American father, said: 'I believe that the ghost of the widow is causing healthy men to die. There have been five deaths already here. 'My wife and child are afraid that I could die and they wanted the scarecrow to protect me. Every house has done the same. 'The long penis about 80cm long with threaten the ghost when she arrives and she will not dare to pass it and enter. It will keep her away and keep the men safe.' 
968483120361164801	2018-02-27 13:49:04	https://t.co/QX4Qvk2DSS	Self-confessed 'ugly ducklings' are almost unrecognisable in INCREDIBLE before and after photos https://t.co/QX4Qvk2DSS	 Self-proclaimed 'ugly ducklings' have shared photos of how they've changed over the years - with some unrecgonisable. The gallery of transformation images, shared on social site Diply, feature anonymous people whose appearance has changed for the better as they've grown up. Many had transformed their looks by reshaping their brows, altering their hair colour and overhauling their personal style. They posted their proud makeovers side by side in pictures which you would struggle to spot the similarities much more than the difference.
968478107807158272	2018-02-27 13:29:09	https://t.co/c4ICl4yuZ8	Woman, 58, regains the use of her left hand after it was SLICED OFF by a coconut-chopping machine https://t.co/c4ICl4yuZ8	 A woman has regained the use of her hand after it was completely severed by a coconut-chopping machine. Known only as Santha, 58, she was working in a coconut-oil factory on January 12 when her left arm slipped into the machine and her hand was chopped clean off. Her quick-thinking colleagues rushed Santha, and her hand, to hospital where surgeons spent seven hours reattaching the appendage. Six weeks after the incident, Santha, from Iiritty, India, has regained 80 per cent of her hand's functionality. After spending 12 days in hospital, she is expected to make a full recovery. Dr Krishnakumar, senior consultant at the head, plastic and reconstructive surgery department, at Aster MIMS hospital said: 'It was the presence of mind displayed by Santha's colleagues to bring the cut off palm in a bag of ice along with the patient [that] was the crucial thing in this case.' Severed limbs should be kept on ice to maximise hopes of reattaching them. This is due to ice helping to save the tissue from further damage. In the US, nearly two million people are living with limb loss. Full arm reattachment, for example, only occurs around twice a year in each of the UK's approximate 50 plastic surgery centres. Severed limbs, such as hands, should also be wrapped in clingfilm and kept in a container, preferably with a lid. Limbs should not be kept in water as this can cause them to shrivel and become unsuitable for reattachment. All parts of the limbs should also be gathered up as the body is unable to regrow certain tissue, such as a nail beds. 'Smooth' cuts are easier to reattach due to limited tissue damage. Source: BBC Man born without hand received deceased donor's This comes after a man born without a hand was given one from a deceased donor in what surgeons claimed was a world first back in December 2016. The 32-year-old, who spent his life without his left hand, underwent a 13-hour procedure to have the new limb attached. Dr Adam Domanasiewicz, who headed the operation at Wroclaw Medical University, Poland, said: 'It is the first graft in the world of an upper limb onto an adult with this congenital defect. 'We are talking about a man who lived 32 years without this member. 'This is an important breakthrough in neurophysiology and the practice of transplants because up to now it was thought that - in the case of this type of congenital defect - such grafts could not be done.' According to Dr Domanasiewicz, the operation could open up new possibilities to the hundreds of thousands of people born without hands whose only option has been prostheses. 
968473057936527360	2018-02-27 13:09:05	https://t.co/vAuw2zHB4m	Pensioner lived with her mummified mother for more than 30 YEARS https://t.co/vAuw2zHB4m	 A woman has been found living with the mummified body of her mother in a squalid apartment in Ukraine. Police believe the 77-year-old woman had kept the remains of her deceased mother for at least 30 years in a flat strewn with rubbish including stacks of newspapers. Officers found the body lying on a sofa next to religious iconography after being called to the address in the city of Mykolaiv by concerned neighbours. The body had been dressed in a white dress and head covering, with blue shoes and green socks. Her daughter - now an elderly woman herself - was found alive but paralysed in both legs. She was discovered lying on the floor in urgent need of assistance. There was no water, gas or electricity supply in her flat. A police report said: 'In order to rescue the 77-year-old woman, officers called the rescue service which helped to break into the flat. 'In one room on the floor was sitting a woman surrounded by rubbish. 'The pensioner could not walk and needed urgent help. 'An ambulance was called for her. 'Having checked other rooms, police found a mummified body of a woman.' The report went on: 'The woman pensioner lived alone, and did not communicate with her neighbours. She never opened her front door. 'Despite this, neighbours tried to take care of her and left food for her on the doorstep. 'Nobody guessed that the woman was living with a dead body of her mother. 'Now the mummified body was removed from the flat and sent to forensic experts. 'The pensioner is now in hospital.' A criminal investigation was opened by police. 
968473055474470917	2018-02-27 13:09:04	https://t.co/UibTFLOAHV	Vatican says it is swamped by three-fold increase in demand for exorcisms in Italy alone https://t.co/UibTFLOAHV	 A threefold increase in the demand for exorcisms has prompted the Vatican to hold an international conference in a bid to train more priests to carry them out. The church is concerned that the skills of some of its current exorcists have declined and is worried priests are no longer willing to learn the techniques. According to Friar Beningo Palilla, one of the organisers of the conference, which took place in Sicily, there are now some 500,000 cases requiring exorcism in Italy each year, Vatican Radio reported. He blamed the increase on a growing number of people seeking the services of fortune tellers and Tarot readers in recent years. Such practices 'open the door to the devil and to possession,' he claimed. Many of the cases are not actually related to demonic possession, but to spiritual or psychological problems, he said, but they nonetheless must be investigated. Palilla, a priest in Palermo, is calling for an across-the-board improvement in training. 'We priests, very often, do not know how to deal with the concrete cases presented to us - in the preparation for the priesthood, we do not talk about these things,' he said. Palilla is particularly concerned about some priests conducting exorcisms without proper training. He called for 'a period of apprenticeship, as happens for many professionals' and said priests wanting to train as exorcists 'should work alongside an expert to learn in the field.' Palilla said the aim of the conference, billed as the first in the world on exorcism, was to 'to offer a rich reflection and articulation on a topic that is sometimes unspoken and controversial'. Exorcism can only performed with high-level permission from within the church. Four years ago, the Vatican backed the International Association of Exorcists, which was founded in 1990 and has licensed some 200 members on six continents. 
968470271035346946	2018-02-27 12:58:00	https://t.co/fVbe22fzfl	Elderly woman knocked unconscious by mugger is ignored by passersby before she falls down a drain https://t.co/fVbe22fzfl	 This is the horrifying moment an elderly woman was knocked unconscious by a mugger and then ignored by passers-by as she lay on the side of the road. CCTV captures the moment a mugger attempted to snatch the 72-year-old woman's purse before slamming her to the ground where she was knocked unconscious. The appalling clip, filmed in Kota Bharu in Malaysia, shows the woman falling into the drain while passersby ignore her. Scroll down for video Footage shows the thief see the woman in trouble but ignore her and instead make off in a getaway car with an accomplice. Disgracefully, a moped rider drives past the unconscious victim, as do two cars. No one is seen helping the woman, whose arms begins to twitch after a few seconds, then she suddenly slips from view down a kerbside drain hole as she starts to sit up. Local media report that three passers-by pulled the woman up to street level a few minutes later. Taken to the Raja Perempuan Zainab II Hospital, she was later diagnosed with minor head injuries and released. Police, who had been told the getaway car's number plate by a witness, are said to have made two arrests within 90 minutes of the crime. Two brothers aged 27 and 33 were arrested at the home of a relative. The car used in the mugging was reported to belong to the father-in-law of the older sibling - though it is not known whether the men had it with his permission. Police said methamphetamine were found in the men's systems. It was not reported whether they were remanded in custody or bailed, and details of charges against them were not made public. 
968468021093240832	2018-02-27 12:49:04	https://t.co/tpZqD8N7kA	Bride-to-be cancels wedding during the ceremony after noticing her fiance has started going bald https://t.co/tpZqD8N7kA	 An Indian doctor married a complete stranger after his bride-to-be left him at the alter when she discovered he was balding. Ravi Kumar travelled almost 1,000km from New Delhi to the village of Sugauli in Bihar on February 18 to marry the bride he had never met. His family arranged the wedding a year in advance after the girl's father stayed at Dr Kumar's father's home three times. Most of the big day went as planned with guest enjoying a feats and numerous festivities in a 'happy atmosphere', according to Dainik Bhaskar. The couple even completed the garland exchange ritual and disaster only struck when the procession arrived at the wedding pavillion to make their vows Dr Kumar removed his ceremonial headpiece and the bride was shocked to find the neurosurgeon was balding. She refused on the spot to marry him, sending the wedding into chaos as both families tried in vain to convince the girl to change her mind. The bride wouldn't budge but having travelled so far, Dr Kumar was determined to return home a married man. His family appealed to the local village council for help, who suggested he marry Neha Kumari, the daughter of a poor vegetable seller. The pair were married at the Ramjanki Temple in front of his family two days after his disastrous aborted wedding. A photo of the newlyweds showed a grinning Dr Kumar happy to have salvaged the wedding, but his bride looked much less impressed with the sudden marriage.
968466640714240001	2018-02-27 12:43:35	https://t.co/Swt4GoYRmq	Naples is blanketed in snow as the Mediterranean city is 'whitewashed' by its heaviest downfall in 50 years https://t.co/Swt4GoYRmq	 Naples has seen its heaviest snow in half a century as a blast of Siberian weather continued to send temperatures plunging across Europe. The snowfall led to the closure of the city's airport and transport in the city was severely disrupted while schools were forced to close. The city's record snowfall came as at least 12 people died during the blizzard in four European countries and temperatures plummeted well below zero across the continent. Polish police said five people died from hypothermia in freezing cold as low as minus 22C - bringing the number of deaths from hypothermia in the country to 58 this winter. Another three died in Romania where snowdrifts closed dozens of roads and stranded drivers all night, and three died in France where snow piled on the beaches of Corsica for the first time in 30 years. In Lithuania, temperatures dropped to as low as minus 26 degrees Celsius overnight, and one suspected death of a man from freezing was reported in the capital Vilnius. One of the coldest temperatures is Europe was recorded at minus 30.4C on Germany's highest peak, the Zugspitze, with minus 10C common across the country. Even colder was at Glattalp in Switzerland, where the temperature fell to minus 38C - extreme even for the 1,850m altitude area. An inaccurate forecast in Naples meant that the city's civil emergency department did not initially order the closure of its schools. Naples' education department said the inaction was in contrast to the 'copious snowfall', which has 'whitewashed the city', the Italian Insider reported. The city's mayor has advised residents of the southern Italian port only to leave their homes 'if strictly necessary'. Naples' Capodichino airport was closed for around 90 minutes on Tuesday morning due to poor visibility caused by the snow, while bus, tram, and train traffic was also affected. A rare snowstorm brought Rome its first snowfall in six years and disrupted transport, shut down schools and prompted authorities to call in the army to help clear the streets. The Italian capital's first snowfall since February 2012 saw about three to four centimetres settling on the ground on Sunday. Schools were closed in the city on Monday as local authorities opened several train stations as emergency shelters for the homeless. British and American students were captured on camera as they took part in a snowball fight, singing their respective national anthems as they pelted each other with snowballs in St. Peters Square in the Vatican. Elsewhere in Italy, the snow led to the closure of many schools and daycare centres, to the consternation of parents already preparing for closures next week linked to this weekend's general election. Public anger was also growing over the disruptions to rail services across the country, as travellers learned that many track switches did not have defrosting equipment, meaning they had to be dug out by hand. And a driver in Turin got a fright when a stalactite broke off from an overhead bridge and shattered his windshield - though he managed to keep control of his vehicle. The icy weather is in stark contrast to conditions in the Arctic itself, which is experiencing an 'off-the-charts' heatwave this week, according to the European Geosciences Institute. Meteorologists have documented temperatures above freezing in some parts of the Arctic, causing astonishment among many scientists. Temperatures in Poland were expected to remain below minus 12C across the country on Tuesday, with the cold made worse by a biting wind. Authorities in some cities and towns, especially in the east where temperatures are lowest, will be placing coal heaters in the streets to help people keep warm. Dutch authorities banned boats from some of Amsterdam's iconic canals to help them freeze over so that residents can lace up their skates and glide over the frozen waterways for the first time since 2012. As well as banning boats, the local water authority said it is closing sluices and locks to help ice growth by slowing the movement of water. 'We are doing everything we can to allow residents and visitors to hopefully be able to skate on the canals,' Alderman Udo Kock said. In France, which has remained frigid but dry during the cold snap, forecasters warned of heavy snow across much of the country starting Wednesday - though spring-like temperatures would soon follow. On Tuesday, residents of Ajaccio on the French Mediterranean island of Corsica woke up to some 15 centimetres of snow on the beach, something not seen since 1986. In the makeshift camp set up along the banks of a canal that runs through north-east Paris, a group of largely Afghan migrants lit a small fire on to warm up their hands after a sleepless night which saw temperatures drop below minus 5C. Across the continent, authorities have been opening emergency shelters and increasing relief efforts for the homeless. The mayor of Etterbeek in Belgium said those sleeping rough would be forcibly detained if they refused to go to shelters, citing the 'major risk' from exposure to the cold. In Berlin, rising fears for homeless people led officials to open an additional 100 beds, with the city's shelters, now with a total of 1,200 beds, more than 90 percent full, RBB public radio reported. The German chancellery said the weather would force the cancellation of a display of military honours planned for Wednesday in Berlin for the arrival of Ghana's president, Nana Akufo-Addo. 
968462075025674240	2018-02-27 12:25:26	https://t.co/bessWZGFcI	Woman throws her four-year-old son off fourth-storey room after arguing with her ex-husband over child support https://t.co/bessWZGFcI	 An angry mother threw her young son out from a third floor window after having a quarrel with her ex-husband on the phone in south China. Her four-year-old son survived plunging 30ft from a hotel as he hit on foam box filled with fertiliser before falling on the ground. The 35-year-old mother, surnamed Zhang, is detained for intentional bodily harm. Her son is now recovering in stable condition. According to Wugang Police, officers received an incident report at a hotel in Qingfeng road, Wugang city, Shaoyang of Hunan Province at 11am on February 24. Ms Zhang, who had divorced with her husband just a day ago, were arguing with her ex-partner on the phone as they tried to settle a way to take care of their two sons, aged six and four years old respectively. Local media, Shaoyang First Time, reported that the couple agreed that Ms Zhang to take care of the eldest son and the ex-husband to take care of the second son. The report mentioned that Ms Zhang asked to spend her last night with her younger son and brought the two sons to a hotel in Wugang. It's said that Ms Zhang refused to send the four-year-old to her ex-husband and had an argument with her ex-spouse the next morning. She ended throwing her son out of the window from third floor. The boy is said to have head injury as he fell on a foam box before hitting onto the ground. He was taken to the hospital immediately and is now recovering in a stable condition. Wugang police officers arrested Ms Zhang for intentional bodily harm. The case is awaiting for further information.
968457966935597056	2018-02-27 12:09:07	https://t.co/lNtDGX4ReW	Calculator adds up how much your coffee costs you every year https://t.co/lNtDGX4ReW	 Some people can't start the day without a cup of coffee - but this caffeine addiction could be costing you a lot more than you realise. A new calculator adds up how much your favourite drink costs you every year, depending on how often you buy it during the week, and the final total can be quite shocking. It reveals that even buying a coffee a few times a week can add up to hundreds of pounds over the course of a year. Caffeine addicts who indulge in a drink from a coffee shop five times a week could easily be spending what they fork out on rent in a month in a year - up to £700. Buying a flat white every weekday, for example, works out at an average spend of £12.50 a week, or an alarming £650 a year, the calculator by toy pram retailer Play Like Mum reveals. Even buying a cheaper filter coffee five times a week works out at £9.75 a week on average, or £507 a year. The prices are based on the average cost of your chosen coffee at Costa, Starbucks and Caffe Nero. To use the calculator, coffee lovers need to select their favourite drink from a drop-down menu before entering the number of these beverages they buy in a week. The calculator then gives you an average weekly and yearly spend. As well as coffee, you can also see how much buying a weekly tea or chocolate costs you every year. Try it out below to find out how much you really spend on coffee every year ... 
968454453270601728	2018-02-27 11:55:09	https://t.co/i2Bcb52tjT	Syrian regime rocket kills a boy as regime abandons five-hour 'humanitarian pause' an hour EARLY https://t.co/i2Bcb52tjT	 The Syrian government violated its own five-hour 'humanitarian pause' in the Syrian rebel-held enclave of eastern Ghouta near Damascus. A boy was reportedly killed by Syrian regime rocket fire four hours in to the ceasefire agreed to by the government and ordered by its Russian ally. Seven people were also injured during the shelling in the town of Jisreen in eastern Ghouta, The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group said. The truce had been set up to allow civilians to leave eastern Ghouta, after a week-long government offensive killed more than 500 people, including more than 120 children, according to reports. It began at 9am this morning local time (7am GMT) was meant to last for five hours, but the Syrian regime appears to have broken their own agreement. The Russian defence ministry said on Monday the measures, decided in agreement with Syrian forces, were intended to help civilians leave and to evacuate the sick and wounded. But the spokesman for Failaq al-Rahman, one of the main rebel groups in the eastern Ghouta, accused Russia of presenting people with the choice of forced displacement or being killed in bombardment and siege, and called this a 'Russian crime'. A spokesperson for the international Red Cross said that in order for a humanitarian corridor to work, it needs to be well planned and implemented with the consent of all parties in the conflict. The five-hour respite announced by the Syrian government's Russian ally, is nowhere near the month-long ceasefire ordered by the UN this weekend. After days of diplomatic wrangling, the United Nations Security Council on Saturday adopted a resolution calling for a 30-day ceasefire in Syria 'without delay' to allow for aid deliveries and medical evacuations. Eastern Ghouta is a rebel stronghold on the edge of the capital Damascus which has been outside government control since 2012 and is thought to be home to some 400,000 civilians. It is held by a mish-mash of rebel and jihadist factions. Since the near total collapse of the Islamic State group's once sprawling 'caliphate', Damascus has looked bent on completing its reconquest and Eastern Ghouta is a key target. The regime intensified its air campaign there early this month with devastating results - the United Nations estimates three quarters of private housing has been damaged. Much of the population has moved underground, with families pitching tents in basements and venturing out only to assess damage to their property and buy food, a trip that frequently turns deadly amid the falling shells and bombs. Residents trapped in the wreckage of their own homes have bled to death as even rescuers were targeted. On Sunday, a child died and 13 others suffered breathing difficulties and showed symptoms consistent with a chlorine attack after a regime air raid struck the town of Al-Shifuniyah, the Observatory and a medic said. Russia dismissed reports of a chemical attack as 'bogus stories.' In response, the Hague-based Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) opened an investigation into reports of the repeated use of chlorine bombs in eastern Ghouta, diplomatic sources told Reuters. The latest OPCW mission is seeking to determine whether chemical weapons were used in violation of the international weapons convention which Syria signed in 2013 after hundreds died in a massive sarin gas attack in Ghouta. The OPCW will not assign blame. Syria and its close ally Russia, which provides military support to Assad's forces, deny using chemical weapons and blame insurgents. A U.N.-OPCW Joint Investigative Mechanism say government forces used chlorine as a weapon at least three times between 2014 and 2015 as well as a sarin gas attack in 2016. In November Russia used its veto power twice to block the renewal of a UN investigative panel tasked with identifying those responsible for the deadly gas attacks. Political leaders in France, the United States and United Kingdom said this month they would back targeted military action against Damascus if there were proof of chemical weapons use by forces under President Bashar al-Assad. 
968452932869017601	2018-02-27 11:49:06	https://t.co/LicNVZoAur	Indian tailor fears she will NEVER get married because strangers mistake her for a toddler https://t.co/LicNVZoAur	 A 28-year-old woman who is just 2ft 8in (83cm) tall fears she will never get married because is mistaken for a toddler. Santosh Kumari, from a remote village in Madhya Pradesh, India, is smaller than the average four-year-old because of her extreme case of dwarfism. Strangers mistake Miss Kumari, who is a tailor and is known for stitching dresses, for a preschooler because of her tiny limbs and pint-sized frame. Villagers adore her, but she feels left out and desires a companion - even though she has accepted it will never happen. Scroll down for video Miss Kumari said: 'I have accepted my fate. I understand I cannot grow tall anymore or get married. 'All I want is to continue living happily and hone my stitching skills so I can one day open a shop. At the moment I stitch at home but I want to start a shop someday.' Speaking to local journalists, Miss Kumari added: 'Everyone loves me in the village. I don't have to face criticism. 'There were children who would at times mock at me or call me by names when I was young. But now everyone talks to me politely and respects me for my being. 'They come to me for designing clothes and discussing the latest fashion. I enjoy all the attention but I do not have many friends. 'Most of the women in the village who are of my age are either married or about to get married but I know I can ever feel that happiness. 'I miss a companion in my life but have no hopes of finding one ever. I am too short and no one wants to marry me.' Miss Kumari's desperation is palpable also because her younger brother Mahavir Meena, 23, is a married man with one child. For a community where elder sisters are married off first, Mr Meena senses her pain. The casual labourer who works in farms has tried finding a match for his sister, but no-one was keen on marrying her after hearing about her height. Mr Meena said: 'She is a fantastic woman and can do everything on her own. She doesn't rely on us for anything. 'She is a wonderful tailor and makes beautiful clothes. It was only her determination and zeal for life that she learnt stitching on her own and now earns for herself. 'We have tried looking for a suitor for her but no one comes forward because of her height. 'Now we don't bother about finding a man for her. She lives an independent life and we are happy to have her.' Miss Kumari was born a healthy child and grew normally until the age of three. But her family said she stopped growing once she started walking. Mr Meena, who makes just £3 a day, said: 'She was like any other child. Healthy and grew normally but when she started walking her growth stopped. 'For first few years we thought she has a slow growth and did not worry much because she was playing and eating properly. 'After she turned ten, we started worrying because she hadn't grown even an inch taller. 'We had consulted a lot of local doctors but they recommended us to take her to big hospitals in cities for treatment. 'But we have no money and somehow make our ends meet. Big doctors will ask for a lot of fee that we cannot afford.' With time and no treatment Miss Kumari has accepted herself and doesn't wish to see any more doctors. Her only worry is to live healthy so she can continue stitching dresses and living an independent life in absence of a spouse to look after her. Restricted growth, sometimes known as dwarfism, is a condition characterised by short stature. There are two main types of restricted growth: As well as having short stature, some people with restricted growth also have other physical problems, such as bowed legs or an unusually curved spine. However, most people don't have any other serious problems. They can often live a relatively normal life and have a normal life expectancy. Source: NHS Choices
968447903093018624	2018-02-27 11:29:07	https://t.co/I5Nf2rc51e	Ten VERY simple exercise hacks that will keep even the laziest person motivated https://t.co/I5Nf2rc51e	 Setting goals, planning ahead and aiming big are three of the 10 key motivational hacks that could mean the difference between sticking with or ditching a workout regime. The team behind Channel 4's How to Get Fit Fast have revealed the steps that may help people who have fallen off the January fitness wagon to get back on track. Others include rewarding yourself if you achieve a goal, monetary punishments if you fail to go to the gym and going shopping to 'dress for exercise success'. Presenter Anna Richardson is also thrilled that experts advise her that walking can burn as many calories as running - which she hates. It also reveals that more people are now forgoing high intensity, interval training (HIIT) for low intensity, steady state training (LISS). 'I discovered LISS training – it’s the way forward,' Anna said. 'Forget about HIT training, it’s now all about Low Intensity Steady State, which is much more suited to who I am and my body type, in a way. Anna has since taken up walking with her rescue dog two hours a day: 'We showed how walking is as effective as running, in terms of burning calories. 'And for someone like me, who tends to skip breakfast as well, if you walk or exercise on an empty stomach, you burn twice as much fat. That blew my mind.' In the first episode, that airs tonight, experts test fasted exercise versus fed exercise and discovered that their subjects burned double the amount of fat by not eating before a workout as opposed to loading up on grub as fuel. Bodies get energy to move from food and the primary source of that energy is carbs, but, as we can only store so much of it, when that store has been used up your body will look to its fat stores for fuel instead. If you’ve had breakfast your body will prefer to use up the calories from what you’ve just eaten but if you’ve had nothing to eat it is more likely to start burning its fat stores. But if you've reached a plateau the team say that following simple tips and tricks to improve your fitness regime. 1. PLAN AHEAD By sticking to a workout schedule you're more likely to hold yourself accountable. Channel 4's figures suggest that it gives you a 91 per cent chance of success compared to 35 per cent of those who 'wing it' and go whenever. 2. AIM HIGH The boffins on the show claim that those who set themselves bigger weight loss goals will shed more pounds over two months than those who set smaller weight loss goals. 3. RED CARD While you should never feel guilty for missing the gym, if you're trying to keep up a fitness regime giving yourself a little punishment, like putting money in a jar, if you skip a workout can work. According to research from Stanford University it said that people who did are more likely to keep up their new fitness programme. 4. REWARD YOURSELF When you do work hard don't forget to give yourself a pat on the back. Studies suggest that by rewarding yourself with a treat for reaching a goal or losing weigh those who do are more likely to turn up at the gym. 5. PHONE A FRIEND Anna says that gym goers looking for an extra boost should 'feel the pain and share the gain'. 'Multiple studies have found that exercising with a friend or partner will stick at a new fitness plan for longer,' she adds. 6. FIND A GYM 'FRENEMY' And if you don't want to exercise with your best pal, they recommend exercising with someone better at it than you. 'People who exercise with a 'frenemy' are spurred on to increase their intensity and their time spent working out by 200 per cent.' 7. EAT WELL One of the most well-known ways to help stay on track and improve your fitness is by supplementing your regime with a healthy diet. The programme states: 'You can’t outrun a bad diet, so give yourself a head-start. Studies show that people who pair healthy eating with exercise are more likely to keep up a fitness regime.' 8. JOIN A TEAM It doesn't matter what sport you choose according to How to Get Fit Fast, but research suggests that people who exercise this way can burn double the calories. 9. GO SHOPPING Although working out in the gym shouldn't be about how you look, according to one US study if you want the results you should dress the part. It suggested that just putting on exercise clothes will make you more motivated to exercises, so 'dress for exercise success'. 10. WARM UP The programme's top tip is the simple warm up. According to a study it found that people are not taking enough time to warm up their limbs ahead of a workout. 'Almost half of us injure ourselves when exercising which leads to more time spent on the sofa,' Anna adds. How to Get Fit Fast airs on Channel 4 on Tuesday at 8pm
968445124404498432	2018-02-27 11:18:05	https://t.co/9hnASUbT85	Woman, 28, reveals that she hasn't shaved her body hair for over a YEAR https://t.co/9hnASUbT85	 A woman has revealed how she finally decided to stop shaving her body hair - because she feels society puts pressure on women to stay smooth. Secretary Sonia Cytrowska, 28, from Gdynia, Poland, first started to de-fuzz when she was just 12 and says airbrushed images in magazines left her feeling insecure. However, in 2017, Sonia says she decided to ditch the razor for good - and hasn't looked back, thanks to the support of her husband, who she says took a little while to appreciate her new look. She now hopes that the beautiful images of her hair-adorned body that she posts on Instagram under bodyhairmovement will help others fight against the unforgiving beauty standard. She adds: I choose not to shave because I find myself beautiful and it's very comfortable to live that way but of course days where I question why I choose to fight with all these beauty standards and ask why I am so stubborn. 'I receive a lot of messages from women who are at the very point where I was one year ago. I talk with them, sometimes we send pics and we support each other. Sonia says she would spend at least three hours every week trying to remove her body hair from her armpits, navel and legs. Sonia admits that her husband of three years, Tobiasz, struggled with her natural appearance at first but said that their love conquered any of his confusion on the matter. The 28-year-old explains: 'I was looking at other body hair positive accounts and it was much easier for me to start my new, hairy life with support of others, both men and women.' 'I've been shaving since I was twelve and all my life I was feeling worse and less worthy than other girls who didn't have so much hair on their bodies. She says she started her Instagram account because she felt like other women must be feeling the way she does - and that plenty of men would also appreciate her look. 'At first my husband was shocked because he's known me for eight years and I was always shaving all my body. 'And actually, he prefers a shaved appearance but we talked a lot, I explained to him that it is so important for me, to live with my natural body hair and he decided to accept me and support me.' 'There were tough times but conscious love and commitment won. The hardest thing was to accept myself and to feel confident with my hairy body in front of others, even if they whisper and stare at me. 'It was hard to accept that sometimes people can reject me if they will know how I really look like. Body hair in my society is a taboo' Sonia admits that she does still have days where she feels under pressure to look a certain way but she hopes that through social media she can show other women that having body hair is both normal and beautiful. She shared her advice to others. 'At home, with my husband or friends I feel safe and accepted. I can easily show my body hair and it is natural for me. 'But it is still hard when I meet new people, for example when I was searching for a new job or going to lectures at university.' Sonia says she's choice is the key factor: 'My biggest dream is to see women shaved and women with unshaved body hair in the streets of big cities. 'Both accept each other, because what they do with their body is their choice. 'I hope that my account shows to other women that body hair is beautiful and normal. You can be an independent woman, working in a large corporation, studying in your dream direction, be loved by husband and still have a hairy and natural body.'
968444453261324289	2018-02-27 11:15:25	https://t.co/kOLdxlGf3Z	Two Christians are flogged in Indonesia for playing a children's game seen to violate Islamic law https://t.co/kOLdxlGf3Z	 Two Indonesian Christians were publicly flogged in Banda Aceh province on Tuesday for playing a children's entertainment game. The game is seen by authorities in the conservative Muslim province as 'gambling' and therefore it violates Islamic Sharia law. Some 300 people jeered and held up their mobile phones to record when Dahlan Silitonga, 61, and Tjia Nyuk Hwa, 45, were flogged six and seven times respectively. The pair had been arrested along with a third man for playing a game at a children's entertainment complex that lets users exchange coins for prizes or vouchers, including cash. They were among five people - including a couple whipped two dozen times each for showing affection in public - receiving between six and 24 lashes with a rattan stick. Banda Aceh is the only province Indonesia that imposes sharia law and people can be flogged for a range of offences; from gambling, to drinking alcohol to having gay sex or relations outside of marriage. Hundreds of spectators, including some two dozen tourists from neighbouring Malaysia, jeered as they group were whipped on a makeshift stage outside a mosque. 'You are old, show remorse,' the crowd screamed. Non-Muslim Tjia Nyuk Hwa tried to hide her face in a specially provided white cloak with head-covering hijab. 'This is to create a deterrent effect, in order for people not to repeat violations of Islamic sharia law,' Banda Aceh's mayor Aminullah Usman said. 'We purposely do it in front of the public... so it won't happen again.' The two Christians are among just a handful of non-Muslims to be punished under Aceh's strict religious law since it was adopted in 2001 as part of a deal with the central government to end a long-running insurgency. In January, an Indonesian Christian was flogged for selling alcohol in the province at the tip of Sumatra island, which made headlines recently after local police publicly humiliated a group of transgender women. About 98 per cent of Aceh's five million residents are Muslims subject to religious law. Non-Muslims who have committed an offence that violates both national and religious laws can choose to be prosecuted under either system. Christians and other non-Muslims sometimes choose a flogging to avoid a lengthy court process and jail term. Aceh is the only province in Indonesia, the world's most populous Muslim-majority country, which implements Islamic law, or Sharia. Last year, two gay men who admitted having sex were flogged in Aceh, with each receiving 100 strokes of the cane, drawing heavy criticism from rights groups. Gay sex is not illegal in the rest of Indonesia, which mainly follows a criminal code inherited from former colonial ruler the Netherlands. The province of Banda Aceh began implementing Sharia law after being granted autonomy in 2001 – an attempt by the government in Jakarta to quell a long-running separatist insurgency. Islamic laws have been strengthened since Aceh struck a peace deal with Jakarta in 2005. People are flogged for a range of offences including gambling, drinking alcohol, gay sex or any sexual relationship outside marriage. More than 90 per cent of the 255million people who live in Indonesia describe themselves as Muslim, but the vast majority practice a moderate form of the faith. The brutal and public beatings have become more prevalent this year with a number of reported incidents of those being punished collapsing in pain on stage. Back in September 2014, Aceh approved an anti-homosexuality law that can punish anyone caught having gay sex with 100 lashes. After a three-decade-old separatist movement, a peace agreement signed in 2005 granted special autonomy to Aceh, at the northern tip of Sumatra, on condition that it remained part of the sprawling archipelago. As part of that deal, Aceh won the right to be the only Indonesian province to use Islamic sharia law as its legal code. Anybody caught engaging in consensual gay sex is punished with 100 lashes, 100 months in jail or a fine of 1,000 grams of gold. The law also set out punishment for sex crimes, unmarried people engaging in displays of affection, people caught found guilty of adultery and underage sex. Religious police in Aceh have been known to target Muslim women without head scarves or those wearing tight clothes, and people drinking alcohol or gambling. Over the past decade, the central government has devolved more power to regional authorities to increase autonomy and speed up development. Engaging in homosexual acts is not a crime under Indonesia's national criminal code but remains taboo in many conservative parts of the country with the world's largest Muslim population. The trend appeared to be slowing down after a string of worrying incidents at the turn of the new year, but the new pictures reveal the practice still looms large in Indonesia. Men and women have collapsed in pain due to the severity of their injuries and people can be caned for something as innocent as standing too close to a partner in public or being seen alone with someone they are not married to. In the past two years or so, MailOnline has reported on the troubling rising trend of public lashings carried out in Aceh, Indonesia: March 1, 2016: Woman whipped 50 times for spending time alone with a man at the age of 19. March 24, 2016: Young woman carried from the stage on a stretcher after being lashed for sex outside marriage. August 1, 2016: Another woman is lashed for going on a date in Aceh. August 15, 2016: Elderly man caned for breaking Sharia law. September 11, 2016: Man and a woman lashed for having an affair and among the gathered crowd is the mayor of Banda Aceh. October 17, 2016: Muslim woman screams out in pain on stage after being lashed 23 times for standing too close to her boyfriend. October 31, 2016: A woman, 20, caned in public for getting too close to a man she wasn't married to. November 28, 2016: Man and a woman lashed 100 times each for adultery. February 2, 2017: Enforcer lands 26 beatings across the back of a woman for having sex outside of wedlock. February 10, 2017: Woman collapses in pain on stage as she is being caned. February 27, 2017: Man collapses on stage as he is being whipped for having sex outside of marriage. August 25, 2017: Ten Indonesians sentenced to up to 100 lashes of the whip for adultery. September 12, 2017: Woman hospitalised after 100 lashes for being with a man who wasn't her husband. November 17, 2017: Woman is caned for adultery. 
968442868623921152	2018-02-27 11:09:07	https://t.co/OvFItWsSLq	Nurse, 26, is plagued with agonising cysts that grow inside her skull https://t.co/OvFItWsSLq	 A nurse has been left looking like she is 'crying all the time' due to a condition that causes cysts to grow inside her skull and risks turning her blind. Sofia Jingsäter, 26, from Sweden, battles with chronic pain and constantly has watery eyes because the masses block her tear ducts. She has battled polyostotic fibrous dysplasia caused by McCune Albright syndrome since birth, where abnormal tissue and cysts form in and around her bones. The condition, thought to strike just one in a million, has caused her left eye to swell, due to the growths beneath her eye socket, nose and jaw - putting extreme pressure on her face. Last year, Miss Jingsäter had numerous cysts removed in a six-hour operation in a bid to stop her from going blind due to the strain on her optic nerve. Despite having many of the masses removed, they can grow back, often causing her eyes to water due to her blocked tear-ducts and battling pain. Scroll down for video Miss Jingsäter, from Växjö, said: 'I have cysts that grow in my face, mostly on the left-hand side so my jaw bone, under my eye, in my arms, ribs, back and hips. 'They vary in size and grow with my bones, the ones behind my eye could cause blindness or the loss of my hearing if it grows too large. 'It's really putting a lot of pressure on my face, it was constantly swollen and tearing up as my tear ducts are blocked. 'The cysts make my left eye pop-out more, as well as swelling the skin beneath it, making it much bigger than my right one, so people often notice when I'm out in public.' She added: 'I think that I'm more aware of my condition when I'm out in public and thinking people can see that my face is not normal. 'There were multiple cysts under my eye, to the side of it and in my nose, in my recent surgery they took out as many as they could in six hours. The one in my jaw was the size of a grape. 'I had the cysts removed from under and around my eye to make my eye fit into the eye-socket better. 'It was swollen, constantly red and tearing-up the whole time before, almost every day, then when I had a cold it was even worse running more and more.' McCune Albright syndrome strikes between one in 100,000 and one in a million people, according to medical estimates. The disorder causes sufferers to have a build-up of scar-like tissue in their bones - known as polyostotic fibrous dysplasia. The US National Library of Medicine states that it often happens to just one side of a victim's body, and can lead to their bones becoming weaker. Patients tend to reach puberty early and may also have hyper-pigmentation, which cause café-au-latte spots to appear on skin. Her condition was induced by McCune Albright syndrome and diagnosed at the age of five, after years of doctors struggling to discover the cause of her symptoms. One of the many indicators included the early onset of puberty after hormones swept through her body. It also made her bones weaker, meaning they break more easily and she has hyper-pigmentation, which causes café-au-latte spots to appear on her skin. Miss Jingsäter said: 'When I was born doctors noticed something wrong with me but didn't initially understand what it was, I wouldn't be diagnosed until the age of five. 'As well as the hyper-pigmentation, they realised my hormones were overloading my body, I started menstrual bleeding as a young child. 'I did get medication for menstrual bleeding from the age of five to eight. After that I started to get my menstrual bleeding, before the age of five I did have bleeding on and off.' By the age of ten, Miss Jingsäter said the early onset of hormones meant she physically matured much quicker than classmates her age - often leaving her a target for bullies. She added: 'Due to the hormone imbalance by the time I was ten-years-old, I had grown breasts, pubic hair and was as tall as the teachers in my class. 'I was taller than the other kids, like maybe twice their size. Doctors often explained it to me that in my head I was ten but in my body I was 14-years-old. 'I was so mature for my age that people thought I was strange, disgusting and weird, it went on for years. 'Because of the bullying I was facing I would race to the showers and dress as quickly as I could in baggy clothing, so that no one could see my body shape.' The fragility of Miss Jingsäter's bones means that she struggles with daily chronic pain, which is exacerbated by sickness. She said: 'The pain is something I deal with daily, some days are better than others. 'If I have a cold, the bones in my ribs and back will hurt if I cough or sneeze, as well as making it difficult for me to sleep.' Miss Jingsäter will have more surgery in the future to reduce the pressure caused by the cysts around her left eye and save her sight later this year. Until then she hopes to raise awareness of the condition, chronic illness and to explain to others why it appears that like she is 'always crying'. Miss Jingsäter said: 'The cysts are near the optic nerve, so if they keep pushing it could make me blind. 'You can see how deformed my skull looks in scans and the overgrowth of the bone around my eye, it's a weird mess. 'Future surgeries will remove more of the cysts I have more underneath my left eye, once removed it should hopefully stop my eye tearing up all the time.' To read more visit: www.instagram.com/soetmango 
968437815569764353	2018-02-27 10:49:02	https://t.co/n7uUkhZjNu	Lions rescued from zoos in Syria and Iraq’s war zones are safe after arriving in South Africa https://t.co/n7uUkhZjNu	 Two African lions rescued from war zones in Iraq and Syria have arrived at their new home at an animal sanctuary in South Africa. The animal rights group Four Paws International rescued Saeed and Simba in daring warzone operations in 2017 from Magic World in Aleppo, Syria and Mosul zoo in Iraq. The pair are now settling into their new home at the South African sanctuary of Lions Rock, home to wild game and over 90 big cats. Saeed was born in the Magic World Zoo near Aleppo in Syria in 2016. He was one of 13 animals that Four Paws rescued from the war damaged zoo in July 2017. Simba was born in the Montazah Al-Morour Zoo in Eastern Mosul in Iraq, in 2014 and was rescued along with a bear named Lula. At the 1,250 hectare Lions Rock, close to the city of Bethlehem, big cats of different ages are living in large, naturalistic enclosures with other wildlife. Most animals the zoos from where Saeed and Simba were rescued had died during the ongoing conflicts in Syria and Iraq. The two lions arrived emaciated, dehydrated and psychologically scarred at the Al-Ma'wa Animal Sanctuary in Jordan last year. They received medical care including vasectomies and dental work. They gained weight on a steady diet - with lamb meat saved for special treats. Two-year-old Saeed, who was rescued from Syria, now approaches people for head scratches and plays with his lead trainer Saif Rwashdeh. Rwashdeh travelled with the lions to Johannesburg, South Africa via Doha, Qatar and will be staying with them for two weeks to help the pair adjust. The lions were coaxed with mouthfuls of meat into metal crates before being loaded into a cargo truck to take them to Jordan's international airport for the journey to South Africa. 'He'll run up into the crate even if there's no meat, then run out, then run back,' Rwashdeh said. Before they left Diana Bernas, head animal keeper at al-Ma'wa, said of Saeed: 'He's a happy-go-lucky kind of guy, he loves the interaction. He's a perfect lion.' The young lions are at the perfect age for socialization and need interaction with larger groups of lions, Bernas said. 'It is bittersweet but we knew he was only going to be here temporarily so we are happy he's going to the African sun.' 
968434295554666496	2018-02-27 10:35:03	https://t.co/So56ymYT4e	First Chinese Playboy cover girl says she still doesn't like wearing clothes 12 years on https://t.co/So56ymYT4e	 She was the sexy model on the Playboy cover in June 2005, holding a lightsaber while wearing just a few skinny leather straps around her naked body. More than a decade after the racy photo, China-born American Bai Ling still prefers to wear as little as possible. 'I like being sexy. When I am home, I am always naked,' said the eccentric actress to MailOnline. 'A female has to be sexy because that's our romance. Otherwise you are very boring and dry, you don't correctly present female elements.' Scroll down for video Once a Communist soldier in the far-flung Tibet who was sexually abused by Chinese generals, straightforward Ms Bai said being an oriental pin-up girl to millions of Western men has been an awakening experience to her. 'I was the first Asian actress ever to be on the Playboy magazine. That's something I'm very proud of,' said Ms Bai. 'I think Asian women are most sensual, most receptive and most mysterious to a lot of men. 'My Playboy cover was almost like a declaration of that.' But the actress, who has 33,300 followers on Instagram and more than 1.8 million followers on Chinese Weibo , insisted that she is different from other Playboy 'bimbos' such as Pamela Anderson, because she is intelligent. 'I'm on the cover of Playboy magazine. I am also on the jury of the Berlin Film Festival and many other festivals. I can be sexy and intelligent.' While being extremely open about her sexy image, Ms Bai likes keeping her age a mystery. Various internet claims suggest the youthful actress was born in 1961 or 1966, but she said 'if you ask me, I'm 26'. She added: 'I feel I'm from the moon, and I adopted the form of a human being for this life time. 'I really feel I'm an alien.' Ms Bai grew up in the Chinese city of Chengdu under the hard-core Communist regime. Her father taught composition music and her mother taught comparative literature. She spent her childhood learning to play Chinese instrument pipa and her teenage years serving the People's Liberation Army as an entertainment soldier. In 1990s, Ms Bai who was already a young actress in China moved to New York to study acting. She got her first major role in the 1997 film Red Corner, starring opposite Richard Gere. When Hugh Hefner, the late founder of Playboy, approached her with the cover girl offer, Ms Bai said she firmly declined for three months. Having been brought up in a repressive culture, she had thought Playboy was nothing but 'porno'. 'I said 'no, no, no, no, I'm not going to do it. If I do it, it's not going to be good for my people,' Ms Bai said. 'But they kept chasing me and offering me money.' She recalled before she finally said 'yes' to Mr Hefner, she had to go into a book store to find out what Playboy was. 'I had to make sure nobody was looking at me when I held the magazine,' she said. 'And when I opened it, I was like 'oh my god, it's nude'. 'I was like a child getting into a forbidden place, looking at all these bodies.' The Playboy shoot turned out to be a life-changing experience for Ms Bai. 'The process made me respect myself as a woman, and worship and admire my body,' she said. Ms Bai's Playboy style was originally a nod to her role in Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith. But her scenes were later cut out from the final version by George Lucas, who reportedly said the decision had nothing to do with Ms Bai's Playboy cover. Nevertheless, Ms Bai said both experience was a great recognition of her as an actress. She insisted she is different from all the other American-Chinese actors or actresses because 'they were born here, they were American, they only look Asian'. 'While I came from a Communist country without knowing anyone or speak English.' She said when she first started looking for acting opportunities in New York, she once went to the wrong audition venue on Barry Street instead of Broadway because 'they sounded the same to me'. 'When I arrived in Barry Street, a Spanish woman opened the door and told me to 'get the f*** out of here'.' She also recalled having to ask her fellow actors on Broadway to slow down whenever it was her cue because 'otherwise I wouldn't know when to talk', said Ms Bai with her now fluent English. Controversy has been accompanying the flamboyant actress along her career both in Hollywood and in China, from her daring red carpet looks to her alcohol addiction, from her bold comments to her many nipple slip pictures. 'All clothes are big on me because I'm petite. Sometimes when I showed my nipples, I didn't even realise it,' said Ms Bai before adding 'I think nipples are sexy'. She also admitted she has made mistakes in the past. 'For example, a lot of the clothes I wore before, I wouldn't wear them again.' In 2011 during American television show Celebrity Rehab, Ms Bai revealed how she was sexually abused as a teenager by men who plied her with drink and by generals in the Chinese army. She said on one occasion, she was impregnated and had to undergo an abortion. Ms Bai declined to comment on the matters during her interview with MailOnline, saying she has deleted the chapter from her memories. But she added: 'When we grow up, everyone must experience something that is unpleasant, something that makes us puzzle. 'Those things are actually assets that make us who we are today.' While back in her homeland, outcry was sparked after the Red Corner was finished because the film was considered to have an anti-Communism intonation. The film had reportedly caused Ms Bai to be banned from returning to China. In 2016, she had to make a public apology on her Weibo account in China after the Chinese public voiced anger over her appearance as a Communist soldier in a state-produced wartime documentary. 'I'm not a politician. Politic is too complicated for my comprehension,' said Ms Bai, who also declined to comment on her China ban. 'Past is the past. Now I'm going to look at the future. 'I do really love China. I am Chinese. ' However, Ms Bai suggested she's able to go back to China to shoot films now. 'China right now is very open. I'm guest starring in the biggest film in China at the moment, which is called Detective Chinatown 2. 'What can that say? That answers all the questions.' Ms Bai said her first proper Chinese film in a long while, a murder mystery called Fatal Contract, would be released soon. In the independent film from Chinese director Tan Bing, Ms Bai portrays a model who 'brought passion, fire, love and the feeling of romance into men's life'. As the famous Chinese Communist slogan goes: 'Dare to think, dare to act'. From Communist China to the Playboy cover, the road to Hollywood fame was long and winding for Bai Ling. 'From someone who didn't even speak a word of English, I came to Hollywood with bare hands, but now I have made it with my own effort. 'For this, I feel I have to give myself thumbs up.' 
968432759965474816	2018-02-27 10:28:57	https://t.co/XcwzRjUcmJ	ISIS threatens potential terror attacks on Paris, New York and Sydney https://t.co/XcwzRjUcmJ	 ISIS supporters are attempting to strike fear across the globe by threatening attacks on major cities. A poster released by pro-ISIS group Muharar al-Ansar shows a handful of landmarks, including the Eiffel Tower in Paris, the Sydney Opera House, and the Statue of Liberty in New York. Written across the 'terror meme' in red letters are the word's 'What Will Be the Next?', alluding to potential attacks on one of the cities. The poster was initially shared on Telegram, an encrypted messaging app favoured by jihadists, before it was picked up by monitoring groups. Since ISIS's 'caliphate' in Syria and Iraq has been destroyed, the terrorist organisation now only controls small pockets or territory across the Middle East and north Africa. Supporters have therefore increasingly turned to online campaigns to project an image of terror and power. Yesterday, Muharar al-Ansar released another poster, calling on would-be jihadists to carry out deadly attacks using a lorries. The poster showed a black-and-white front of a truck, with the words 'hit them with a truck' and to 'kill them all', terror monitoring agency SITE Intelligence group reports. Last Tuesday, another one of their posters urged followers to carry out attacks using automatic weapons. The poster declared the AR-15 assault rifle the 'weapon of choice' for 'festivals and large gatherings'. 'Select a high place. Therefore you will have a great angle of vision to direct shots.' Like the poster of the truck, it carried the message 'kill them all' in both English and Arabic text. 
968426545428787201	2018-02-27 10:04:15	https://t.co/vcPs8Hx0yK	Passenger is booted off a flight for lighting up a cigarette close to the plane engine https://t.co/vcPs8Hx0yK	 This is the moment a man was hauled from his seat and booted off a flight for smoking a cigarette close to the plane engine while it was refueling. Security staff stormed aboard the Citilink flight seconds before takeoff yesterday evening at around 9.30pm in Jakarta, Indonesia. Policemen were filmed grappling with the man in his seat as he protested and asked if he will put on a different plane, to which the officers tell him 'we will talk about that outside'. The officers then dragged him down the aisle and off the Airbus A320 at the Halim Perdanakusuma Airport. The relieved passengers were then able to continue their journey to the holiday island Bali. Passenger Manuel Buchacher from Austria said he saw the man smoking before takeoff. He added: 'It's a hard lesson for him to learn and follow the rule.' Citilink spokesman Benny Butar Butar said: 'The incident happened at approximately 9.30pm at Halim. 'The passenger got out the the boarding gate and was walking towards stairs to the plane. He he was seen smoking up until he got on the stairs to the plane. 'Other passengers witnessed this and reported it, so airport security officers as well as military police officers stationed at the airport immediately took action. 'This happened while the plane was re-fulling and the man was close to the engine which caused serious danger to the safety of the flight. 
968421985134022662	2018-02-27 09:46:08	https://t.co/Ub1cZH6eLq	Women in Syria 'are being sexually exploited by men delivering aid for the UN' https://t.co/Ub1cZH6eLq	 Women in Syria have reportedly been sexually exploited by men delivering aid on behalf of the UN and international charities. A new report has revealed that the abuse is still going on in the south of the country, despite warnings aid bosses three years ago. Aid workers said the men would ask for sexual favours in return for food and lifts and that the exploitation has led to some Syrian women refusing to go to distribution centres. It is the latest in a growing list of allegations which have rocked the charity sector, since the Oxfam sex scandal came to light. Charity humanitarian adviser, Danielle Spencer, held a focus group of Syrian women at a refugee camp in Jordan three years ago. She heard that male council workers in Dara'a and Quneitra were offering aid to women in exchange for sex. Ms Spencer believes the humanitarian agencies have been turning a blind eye to the exploitation because they need third parties and local authorities to get aid into the most dangerous parts of war-torn Syria. She told the BBC: 'They were withholding aid that had been delivered and then using these women for sex. 'Some had experienced it themselves, some were very distraught. 'I remember one woman crying in the room and she was very upset about what she had experienced. 'Women and girls need to be protected when they are trying to receive food and soap and basic items to live. 'The last thing you need is a man who you're supposed to trust and supposed to be receiving aid from, then asking you to have sex with him and withholding aid from you.' 'It was so endemic that they couldn't actually go without being stigmatised. It was assumed that if you go to these distributions, that you will have performed some kind of sexual act in return for aid. 'Sexual exploitation and abuse of women and girls has been ignored, it's been known about and ignored for seven years,' she said. 'The UN and the system as it currently stands have chosen for women's bodies to be sacrificed. 'Somewhere there has been a decision made that it is OK for women's bodies to continue to be used, abused, violated in order for aid to be delivered for a larger group of people.' UN agencies and charities said they were not aware of any abuse by partner firms in the region and that they had a zero tolerance on exploitation of this kind. But the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) commissioned a report which revealed abuse in various parts of Syria. The report, entitled 'Voices from Syria 2018', said: 'Examples were given of women or girls marrying officials for a short period of time for 'sexual services' in order to receive meals; distributors asking for telephone numbers of women and girls; giving them lifts to their houses 'to take something in return' or obtaining distributions 'in exchange for a visit to her home' or 'in exchange for services, such as spending a night with them'.' It added: 'Women and girls 'without male protectors', such as widows and divorcees as well as female IDPs (Internally Displaced Persons), were regarded as particularly vulnerable to sexual exploitation.' Another report, by the International Rescue Committee (IRC) found 40 per cent of 190 women they surveyed had said sexual violence was taking place. Both reports were presented at a meeting of UN agencies and international charities in Amman in July 2015. A few months later, in June 2015, the International Rescue Committee (IRC) surveyed 190 women and girls in Dara'a and Quneitra. Its report suggested about 40% had said sexual violence took place when they were accessing services, including humanitarian aid. An IRC spokesman said: 'The assessment concluded that sexual violence was a widespread concern, including when seeking access to various types of services across southern Syria. These services included the distribution of humanitarian aid.' The reports - both of which have been seen by the BBC - were presented at a meeting of UN agencies and international charities hosted by the UNPFA in the Jordanian capital, Amman, on 15 July 2015. As a result of this meeting, some aid agencies tightened up their procedures. The IRC said: 'Within our own operations, we launched new programmes and systems to better protect women and girls in southern Syria. Those programmes continue to be funded by a range of donors, including DfID (the UK's Department for International Development).' The charity Care expanded its monitoring team in Syria, set up a complaints mechanism and no longer hands over aid to local councils. It also asked various UN agencies, including the UN Office for the Co-ordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) and the UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), to investigate further and set up new reporting mechanisms. But Care was refused permission to carry out studies in Jordanian refugee camps. Ms Spencer claims the aid sector turned a blind eye to ensure that aid still got into southern Syria. The UNFPA, Unicef and UNHCR all admitted that they were aware of various allegations of exploitation in Syria. 
968418196108775424	2018-02-27 09:31:04	https://t.co/jB4b1EXvV8	Girl, four, paralysed for life after risky yoga pose goes badly wrong at unlicensed dance class in China https://t.co/jB4b1EXvV8	 CCTV footage captures the horrifying moment a four-year-old girl was left paralysed for life after performing a risky yoga pose at an unlicensed dance studio. The clip shows the young girl, named as Xiao Bao, doing the 'back bridge' pose with dozens of other children when she awkwardly collapses under her own weight. Bao had been attending the dance lesson in Zhengzhou, in China's Henan Pronvince, when the freak accident took place. Scroll down for video The girl had to be taken to hospital after the fall left her with no feeling in her legs and loss of continence. Zhengzhou Children's Hospital's head of neurosurgery, Doctor Qi Lin, said the girl had not broken her spine but likely seriously damaged it trying to perform the difficult moves taught to her by her dance instructor. Speaking to local media, Doctor Qi said it was likely a spinal contusion.' Footage from the dance class shows Bao and dozens of other children being asked to do a 'back bridge' yoga pose as part of their stretching and warm-up. But the young girl stumbles on the exercise mat, injuries herself and is unable to get up again. 'It's not looking optimistic,' Doctor Qi said, adding: 'There's a very big chance this child could be paralysed for life in her lower body.' According to reports, Bao's mother and father discovered the private dance instructor did not have any sort of certificates to operate - suggesting they were not professional enough to teacher children such dangerous moves. They did not reveal whether had reported the class owners to police. The girl's father said the dance class has offered just over £1,131 but it is understood the class owners will be increasing the sum.
968413671079796736	2018-02-27 09:13:06	https://t.co/7ssPCmqi16	Russia has ordered a five-hour 'humanitarian pause' in the Syrian rebel-held enclave of eastern Ghouta https://t.co/7ssPCmqi16	 The Syrian government violated its own five-hour 'humanitarian pause' in the Syrian rebel-held enclave of eastern Ghouta near Damascus. A boy was reportedly killed by Syrian regime rocket fire four hours in to the ceasefire agreed to by the government and ordered by its Russian ally. Seven people were also injured during the shelling in the town of Jisreen in eastern Ghouta, The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group said. The truce had been set up to allow civilians to leave eastern Ghouta, after a week-long government offensive killed more than 500 people, including more than 120 children, according to reports. It began at 9am this morning local time (7am GMT) was meant to last for five hours, but the Syrian regime appears to have broken their own agreement. The Russian defence ministry said on Monday the measures, decided in agreement with Syrian forces, were intended to help civilians leave and to evacuate the sick and wounded. But the spokesman for Failaq al-Rahman, one of the main rebel groups in the eastern Ghouta, accused Russia of presenting people with the choice of forced displacement or being killed in bombardment and siege, and called this a 'Russian crime'. A spokesperson for the international Red Cross said that in order for a humanitarian corridor to work, it needs to be well planned and implemented with the consent of all parties in the conflict. The five-hour respite announced by the Syrian government's Russian ally, is nowhere near the month-long ceasefire ordered by the UN this weekend. After days of diplomatic wrangling, the United Nations Security Council on Saturday adopted a resolution calling for a 30-day ceasefire in Syria 'without delay' to allow for aid deliveries and medical evacuations. Eastern Ghouta is a rebel stronghold on the edge of the capital Damascus which has been outside government control since 2012 and is thought to be home to some 400,000 civilians. It is held by a mish-mash of rebel and jihadist factions. Since the near total collapse of the Islamic State group's once sprawling 'caliphate', Damascus has looked bent on completing its reconquest and Eastern Ghouta is a key target. The regime intensified its air campaign there early this month with devastating results - the United Nations estimates three quarters of private housing has been damaged. Much of the population has moved underground, with families pitching tents in basements and venturing out only to assess damage to their property and buy food, a trip that frequently turns deadly amid the falling shells and bombs. Residents trapped in the wreckage of their own homes have bled to death as even rescuers were targeted. On Sunday, a child died and 13 others suffered breathing difficulties and showed symptoms consistent with a chlorine attack after a regime air raid struck the town of Al-Shifuniyah, the Observatory and a medic said. Russia dismissed reports of a chemical attack as 'bogus stories.' In response, the Hague-based Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) opened an investigation into reports of the repeated use of chlorine bombs in eastern Ghouta, diplomatic sources told Reuters. The latest OPCW mission is seeking to determine whether chemical weapons were used in violation of the international weapons convention which Syria signed in 2013 after hundreds died in a massive sarin gas attack in Ghouta. The OPCW will not assign blame. Syria and its close ally Russia, which provides military support to Assad's forces, deny using chemical weapons and blame insurgents. A U.N.-OPCW Joint Investigative Mechanism say government forces used chlorine as a weapon at least three times between 2014 and 2015 as well as a sarin gas attack in 2016. In November Russia used its veto power twice to block the renewal of a UN investigative panel tasked with identifying those responsible for the deadly gas attacks. Political leaders in France, the United States and United Kingdom said this month they would back targeted military action against Damascus if there were proof of chemical weapons use by forces under President Bashar al-Assad. 
968409027171450880	2018-02-27 08:54:38	https://t.co/ceVBiu80cF	Freak warming in the Arctic stuns scientists as temperatures surge above freezing https://t.co/ceVBiu80cF	 Europe has been buffeted by freezing temperatures in recent days and experts say this is the result of freak warming in the Arctic. The Arctic is experiencing one of its hottest winters on record, with temperatures at the North Pole surging above freezing. These unusual conditions, which scientists say have 'never been this extreme', are causing a disruption to the Arctic polar jet stream. The jet stream carries winds east to west across the planet, at speeds of up to 200mph (320kph), in the upper atmosphere. Warmer air in the Arctic has sent them off their usual course, blasting cold air over Europe - something likely to happen more often thanks to man-made global warming, researchers say. Scroll down for video On the northern tip of Greenland, the Cape Morris Jesup meteorological site has had a record-smashing 61 hours of temperatures above freezing so far in 2018. This is linked to a rare retreat of sea ice in the Arctic winter darkness. 'It's never been this extreme,' said Ruth Mottram, a climate scientist at the Danish Meteorological Institute (DMI). Warmth was coming into the Arctic both up from the Atlantic and through the Bering Strait, driving cold air south. Around the entire Arctic region, temperatures are now about 20°C (36°F) above normal, at -8°C (17.6°F), according to DMI calculations. As long ago as 1973, a study suggested that an ice-free Arctic Ocean could make regions further south colder. That 'warm Arctic, cold continent' (WACC) pattern is sometimes dubbed 'wacc-y' or 'wacky' among climate scientists. When unusually warm air enters the region, it melts ice covering the waters of the Arctic Ocean. This ice normally serves as an insulator, stopping the flow of thermal energy from the water’s surface into the atmosphere. Without the ice in place, the oceans can transfer a huge amount of this energy into the air above. This in turn increases air temperatures and this warm air rises up into the upper atmosphere, where it reaches the jet stream. Jet streams are fast flowing, narrow currents of air that carry warm and cold air across the planet, much like the currents of a river. They cover thousands of miles as they meander near the tropopause layer of our atmosphere. The strongest jet streams are the polar jets, found 30,000 to 39,000 ft (5.7 to 7.4 miles/ 9 to 12 km) above sea level at the north and south pole. In the case of the Arctic polar jet this fast moving band of air sits between the cold Arctic air to the north and the warm, tropical air to the south. When uneven masses of hot and cold meet, the resulting pressure difference causes winds to form. During winter, the jet stream tends to be at its strongest because of the marked temperature contrast between the warm and cold air. The bigger the temperature difference between the Arctic and tropical air mass, the stronger the winds of the jet stream become. The Arctic polar jet, which can reach speeds of up 200mph (320kph), flows over the middle to northern latitudes of North America, Europe, and Asia and their intervening oceans. It moves from East to West, although its exact route varies and can be affected by various factors. With the ice melt in the Arctic and the introduction of warmer air, the route of the jet stream becomes wavier and more erratic. That means that the colder air it carries from the Arctic can penetrate further south and warmer airs from the tropics is carried further north. If the jet stream’s meander buckles south of the UK, it attracts cold air from the Arctic. Conversely when it swings north, it sucks warm air from the tropics. To the south, a rare snow storm hit Rome on Monday and some Brussels mayors planned to detain homeless overnight if they refused shelter with temperatures set to fall as low as -10°C (14°F) in the coming week. Hit by easterly winds from Siberia, cities from Warsaw to Oslo were colder than -8°C. As long ago as 1973, a study suggested that an ice-free Arctic Ocean could make regions further south colder. That 'warm Arctic, cold continent' (WACC) pattern is sometimes dubbed 'wacc-y' or 'wacky' among climate scientists. 'Wacky weather continues with scary strength and persistence,' tweeted Professor Lars Kaleschke, a professor at the University of Hamburg. 'The question is whether this weather will happen more often. This is just one event so it's hard to make a causal relationship,' he told Reuters. Scientists say a long-term shrinking of sea ice on the Arctic Ocean, linked to global warming, exposes warmer water below that releases more heat into the atmosphere. That in turn may be disrupting the high altitude jet stream. 'The jet stream becomes wavier, meaning that colder air can penetrate further south and warmer air further north,' said Nalan Koc, research director of the Norwegian Polar Institute. Arctic Ocean sea ice is at a record low for late February at 14.1 million square kilometres (5.4 million miles), according to the U.S. National Snow and Ice Data Center. That is about a million less than normal, or roughly the size of Egypt. Erik Solheim, head of the U.N. Environment, said the rare weather fits a wider pattern driven by a build-up of greenhouse gases, mainly from burning fossil fuels from cars, factories and power plants. 'What we once considered to be anomalies are becoming the new normal. 'Our climate is changing right in front of our eyes, and we've only got a short amount of time to stop this from getting significantly worse,' he told Reuters. Under the 2015 Paris climate agreement, almost 200 nations agreed to limit a rise in temperatures to 'well below' 2°C (3.5°F) above preindustrial times, while pursuing efforts to limit it to 1.5°C (2.7°F). 'The risk of an ice-free Arctic in summer is about 50 per cent or higher' with warming of between 1.5 and 2.0 degrees, according to a leaked draft of a scientific report by a United Nations panel of scientists, obtained by Reuters. The World Meteorological Organization said the chill in Europe was caused by a 'Sudden Stratospheric Warming' above the North Pole that led to a split in the polar vortex, a cold area of air above the Arctic that spilled cold south. A big problem in figuring out whether the Arctic warmth is driven by human activities or natural variations is a lack of measuring stations. There are no thermometers at the North Pole and satellite measurements go back only to the late 1970s. On the Norwegian archipelago of Svalbard, temperatures were just above freezing, with rain, and about 13.4°C (24°F) above the long-term average on Sunday. 'There have also been recent winters with similar deviations,' said Rasmus Benestad, senior scientist at the Norwegian Meteorological Institute. U.S. President Donald Trump, who plans to quit the Paris Agreement, has often expressed doubts about mainstream global warming science during cold spells, such as at New Year in the eastern United States. And Mottram at DMI said Europe's winters had become less severe. 'It's not actually that cold. Its just our perceptions have shifted from a normal winter.'
968403702410301440	2018-02-27 08:33:29	https://t.co/P5iCBKhgHJ	Doctors deliver baby of brain-dead woman before switching her life-support off 48 hours later https://t.co/P5iCBKhgHJ	 Doctors in Berlin successfully delivered the baby of a brain-dead woman whose life support machine was switched off 48 hours later. Widower Dominik Lemke, 29, is now left to bring up newborn daughter Leonie-Franziska with his other children Elias, three, and Louis, two. Mother Franziska Lemke, 25, threw a party for friends and family two weeks before her daughter was due, unaware of the tragedy that was about to befall her. Last week she went into hospital in the German capital ready to give birth when she complained of head and neck pain. The doctors diagnosed an infection with meningitis inflammation of the brain - a very rare complication which antibiotics failed to treat. 'Franziska had a rapid deterioration, and after a quarter of an hour in the hospital she did not recognize me,' says Dominik. Only a few hours later it was clear: the doctors could do nothing more for Franziska and she was pronounced brain dead. But machines kept Franziska alive because the doctors wanted to save the baby. 'On Friday my daughter came into the world by Cesarean section. We actually wanted to call her Leonie-Fabienne, but now she's named after her mama Leonie-Franziska, 'says Dominik. 'The little girl is healthy. I kept her happy in my arms, but at the same time I cried for my wife, who could not share this moment with me.' Forty eight hours after she was born Dominik gave doctors permission to switch off the machines keeping his wife alive. He told Germany's Bild newspaper: 'I caressed her and told her I would always be there for the children, but I had to let her go. 'We don't know yet how to get back into everyday life. I explained to my children that 'Mama is now an angel.' Dominik has had to give up his training to become a locomotive driver 'as I have to be both mother and father now.' A fundraising campaign has been started to help support the family. 
968394531187150849	2018-02-27 07:57:02	https://t.co/VKnCCM3qVB	Turkey's president sparks outrage after telling crying girl she will be honoured if she is 'martyred' https://t.co/VKnCCM3qVB	 The Turkish president has appeared in a bizarre video in which he assures a sobbing child in military uniform that she would get state honours if killed while fighting. Recep Tayyip Erdogan was heard commenting: 'If she's martyred, they'll lay a flag on her,' at a televised congress of his AK party. He made the comment - on live television - in front of cheering supporters who urged him to carry on with the military offensive against Kurdish fighters in Syria's northern Afrin region. Critics have condemned his action as the same sort of child abuse for propaganda purposes as carried out by Islamic State fighters. In the event the young girl - estimated to be about five years old - dressed as a soldier seems to catch the attention of Mr Erdogan, who then invites her to the stage, the BBC reported. 'Look what you see here! Girl, what are you doing here? We have our maroon berets here, but maroon berets never cry,' he told her, referring to the beret worn by the Turkish Special Operations Forces. 'She has a Turkish flag in her pocket too... If she's martyred, they'll lay a flag on her, God willing,' he said during the congress in the southern town of Kahramanmaras on Saturday. 'She is ready for everything, isn't she?' The girl replied: 'Yes.' Mr Erdogan then kissed her face and let her go. The president's comments were immediately condemned on twitter - one person likened them to child abuse while another sad the president was wrong to says 'God willing' to the death of a child. The president's actions were also criticised by the pro-Kurdish Peoples’ Democratic Party (HDP) that opposes Ankara’s operation in the Afrin region. 'The mindset that abuses children by promising them death will lose,' the party said in a tweet. The president's latest comments however do not appear to have dampened the enthusiasm of his supporters of him or of his Syria offensive - they do not appear concerned that Erdogan's own sons have evaded military service while he routinely emphasises the importance of martydom as a means of securing Turkey's future. Turkey on 20 January launched a major operation aimed at ousting YPG Kurdish forces from their enclave of the northwestern town of Afrin. Mr Erdogan earlier this month said troops would also move east to Manbij - where unlike Afrin there is a US military presence. Commentators say such a move would mark a major escalation in the conflict. 
968391534520557568	2018-02-27 07:45:08	https://t.co/L3FX4mQJpj	Putin supporters use lingerie-clad models to encourage young men to vote https://t.co/L3FX4mQJpj	 Vladimir Putin's election supporters are using provocative pictures of female models in underwear in the latest bizarre tactic to fend off apathy in next month's Russian presidential poll. With the contest offering no real choice, and the expected result of six more years of the strongman ruling the Kremlin hardly in doubt, young men are being enticed to vote with a series of sexually suggestive web adverts. This part of the campaign has been put together by the Russian edition of Maxim magazine - which refuses to say who ordered it, but it is widely seen as part of a covert strategy to ensure voters go to the polls and back Putin. Maxim editor in chief Alexander Malenkov confirmed the magazine was promoting the presidential election as part of a 'special business project' for an unknown client with financial remuneration that has not been revealed. He admitted it looked 'a bit absurd' but said it was 'one of numerous compromises' he had to make. While no candidate is mentioned by name, this campaign chimes with a Kremlin strategy to maximise the numbers of people voting under the theory that this will help Putin with the election on the first ballot - a scenario that requires him to get more than 50 per cent of the vote. The latest pro-Putin social media blast shows blonde and brunette models in underwear posing at polling stations, evidently aiming to entice young males to cast their ballots. The pictures are captioned: 'Welcome to the world of adults!', 'It's a bit scary at the beginning but soon you'll want to make it one more time', 'Are you sure you're already 18?', and 'All that happens at the polling station will remain at the polling station…' A raunchy backstage video accompanies the pictures, with 18+ stickers called 'Election Girls' sent to those who joined the online group. Slogans read 'Waiting for you in the booth!' (a young woman disappears into an election booth), 'I want your vote' (with a naked woman in bed), and 'help me to undo my ballot paper' (a model has her hands behind her back as if she is undoing her bra). Earlier, a homophobic video on social media warned people that if Putin was not re-elected, then under a new president families could be forced to take in gays who are can't find partners. A man is showing having a 'nightmare' at such a scenario, imagining he wakes up in bed with his gay lodger. The same scare-tactic video - watched more than four million times - implied black immigrants would join the Russian army if 65 year old Putin was no longer commander in chief. A video posted earlier this month shows a young woman refusing to have sex with man because he had not voted. She is shown passionately kissing him but then asks: 'Wait a minute, are you 18 yet?' He replies: 'Yes, I'm adult' She asks: 'Have you voted today?' He says: 'No, what for?' She hits back: 'Well, you are not adult then' - and walks away. Another video showed a pregnant young woman rush to the polling station rather than the maternity hospital. Putin has chosen to do almost no campaigning although he remains the overwhelming favourite to win. A series of television debates starts on Monday with election candidates but Putin has opted not to take part in these. Opposition leader Alexei Navally has been banned by the authorities from contesting the 18 March Election. He has called for a boycott of the election. The social media campaign is seen as countering this demand. It also uses pro-gay and anti-racism calls made by pro-Western candidate Ksenia Sobchak, 36, to crudely exploit fears of homosexuality and immigrants, say critics. Sobchak - who has posed semi-naked for Maxim in the past - has known Putin since she was a child. She was the daughter of his mentor Anatoly Sobchak, former mayor of St Petersburg, who gave Putin his first job in politics. But now she has called on him to retire from politics, while admitting neither she nor the other candidates has any hope of winning - implying the system is rigged. Those taking part in TV debates are: Sergey Baburin (the All-Russia National Union party), Pavel Grudinin (nominated by the Communist Party of the Russian Federation), Vladimir Zhirinovsky from Russia's Liberal Democratic Party (LDPR), Ksenia Sobchak (the Civil Initiative party), Maxim Suraikin (the Communists of Russia), Boris Titov (the Party of Growth) and Grigory Yavlinsky (the Yabloko party). 
968388762102386690	2018-02-27 07:34:07	https://t.co/26N9R0awtA	Apple is planning to launch the 'biggest iPhone ever' along with three other new models, report claims https://t.co/26N9R0awtA	 Get ready for Apple to launch the 'largest iPhone ever.' The tech giant is planning to release a trio of new iPhones this year and the lineup is expected to include a giant model, an upgraded handset that's the same size as the current iPhone X, as well as a cheaper version, Bloomberg reported, citing sources close to the situation. The new phones are expected to hit shelves this fall. Scroll down for video Apple is running production tests with suppliers, but Bloomberg noted that the company's plans for the devices could still change. Apple is trying to appeal to users who prefer 'phablets' -- large smartphones that are capable of handling some tasks completed on a tablet. The 'biggest iPhone ever' would have a screen that measures 6.5 inches and is believed to be codenamed 'D33' inside the company. New photos leaked over the weekend that claim to depict the giant iPhone's massive screen. The photos first surfaced on MacX forums, but were later deleted. MacRumors saved the images and said the screen may be used for an upcoming model, called the iPhone X Plus. The body of 'D33' would still be the same size as the iPhone 8 Plus, but thanks to its edge-to-edge screen, will be the largest iPhone yet. By comparison, the iPhone X's screen is 5.8 inches. Like the iPhone 8 Plus, the giant iPhone would probably have a split-screen mode that lets users run apps side by side. The firm is also trying to capture a greater share of consumers who may not be able to afford the iPhone X's $999 (£999) price tag, but still want many of its premium features. That's why the lower end model would be more affordable, but could still have many high-end features, like an edge-to-edge screen, facial recognition technology and a fingerprint sensor. Internally, the device has been referred to as 'D32,' Bloomberg said. The company is also planning its upcoming mobile operating system, which will likely be called iOS 12, but is being referred to internally as 'Peace.' 'Peace' is expected to feature updated AR technology, deeper integration of Apple's Siri voice assistant, more health monitoring and the ability to use Animojis in FaceTime, Bloomberg noted. It's been rumored for several months now that Apple may release three new iPhones in 2018 Last November, KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who has predicted Apple announcements accurately in the past, said that Apple could release two new full-screen iPhones in 2018 A new report from Bloomberg backs up many of Kuo's predictions The report says Apple will release a 6.5-inch iPhone, dubbed the 'largest iPhone ever' this year The 6.5.-inch phone would still be the same size as Apple's iPhone 8 Plus, but thanks to an edge-to-edge screen would look bigger than prior models This device is being referred to as the 'iPhone X Plus' Multiple reports also say that Apple intends to release a 'cheaper' iPhone X A cheaper model might be priced between $649 and $749 The phone would be more affordable but it would still have many of the iPhone X's premium features, including augmented reality technology, facial recognition sensors and more It would also have an organic LED screen, but the display would have a 'less dense screen resolution' All the devices are expected to feature the 'notch,' which is the object at the top of the iPhone X that houses the phone's advanced cameras and sensors Apple launched the 10th anniversary iPhone X at its September event last year, billing it as the 'future of the smartphone.' The iPhone X features advanced cameras that power its Face ID technology, augmented reality sensors and an organic LED screen that displays more detailed, brighter and deeper colors. The much-hyped iPhone X didn't sell as well as many had anticipated it would, however. Apple sold 77.3 million iPhone units in the fourth quarter of 2017, which was fewer than the 80.2 million units projected by Wall Street analysts. Many believe the iPhone X's wallet-busting price tag contributed to its lackluster sales. 
968384975673479169	2018-02-27 07:19:04	https://t.co/TrDfEMfMQU	Saudi Arabia's king announces surprise sacking of his most senior generals on eve of visit to UK https://t.co/TrDfEMfMQU	 Saudi Arabia's most senior generals were sacked last night in a major shake-up on the eve of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman's visit to Britain. King Salman yesterday replaced top military commanders including the chief of staff, state media said. The monarch replaced the heads of the ground forces and air defences, as well as civilian officials including several deputy ministers, in a series of late-night royal decrees. No official reason was given for the sweeping overhaul, but it comes as Mohammed bin Salman pursues military reform and a bloody campaign against Yemen's Iran-aligned Huthi rebels nears the end of its third year. 'Termination of the services of General Abdul Rahman bin Saleh al-Bunyan, Chief of Staff,' the official Saudi Press Agency (SPA) announced, adding that Fayyad al-Ruwaili had been appointed as his replacement. It comes just a week before Mohammed bin Salman is due to tour Britain, France and the USA. He is expected to meet Theresa May, Boris Johnson and senior members of the Royal Family. But protests have been organised to attack the Saudi government's role in Yemen, as well as Britain for being an ally of the monarchy's. Al-Bunyan was retired after he inaugurated an arms exhibition this week in Riyadh by the Saudi Arabian Military Industries (SAMI), the state-owned defence company, which has drawn several global defence firms. 'A military transformation is underway in Saudi Arabia,' Theodore Karasik, a senior advisor at the consultancy Gulf States Analytics, said. 'The changes come on the heels of the SAMI exhibition, which is a critical part of the Prince Mohammed's reform plan to create an indigenous defence program,' he added, Crown Prince Mohammed, the son of the monarch and heir to the throne, is the country's defence minister and has been consolidating his grip on power in recent months while pushing major economic and social reforms. The young prince has pursued an assertive regional policy, including leading a military intervention in neighbouring Yemen since 2015 that is seen as a proxy war with arch-rival Iran. The Yemen conflict has led to what the UN describes as the world's worst humanitarian crisis. More than 9,200 people have been killed in the conflict and another nearly 2,200 Yemenis have died of cholera, according to the World Health Organization. King Salman also decreed a series of civilian appointments that saw younger officials being elevated to key positions as deputy ministers, deputy provincial governors and royal court advisors. Tamadar bint Yousef al-Ramah was appointed the deputy minister of labour and social development, a rare senior government post for a woman in the conservative kingdom. Prince Turki bin Talal, the brother of billionaire Prince Al-Waleed bin Talal, was appointed deputy governor of the southern Assir Province. Prince Al-Waleed, dubbed the Warren Buffett of Saudi Arabia, was among princes, ministers and tycoons detained in Riyadh's luxury Ritz-Carlton hotel in an unprecedented crackdown on what the government calls elite corruption. The Ritz-Carlton reopened for business on February 11, more than three months after becoming a gilded prison for Saudi elites. 
968323566860152832	2018-02-27 03:15:03	https://t.co/EdToofQhuq	Calories shown on menus reduces how much diners eat by up to 12% https://t.co/EdToofQhuq	 Printing calories on menus can reduce how much diners eat by up to 12 per cent, a major review has found. Restaurants and cafes should specify the number of calories in each dish to help combat obesity, researchers said last night. Professor Susan Jebb, the Government’s former obesity tsar and co-author of the review at Oxford University, said politicians should consider making calorie information mandatory in light of the findings. ‘This review should provide policymakers with the confidence to introduce measures to encourage or even require calorie labelling on menus and next to food and non-alcoholic drinks in coffee shops, cafeterias and restaurants,’ she said. The review, which was led by the universities of Oxford and Cambridge, examined all existing studies on calorie labelling. The authors said far too little research had been done on the subject and that, of the 28 studies they looked at, only three were of high quality. These three showed calorie labels could reduce consumption by about 12 per cent per meal. Professor Theresa Marteau, the review’s lead author and head of the Behaviour and Health Research Unit at Cambridge University, said: ‘This evidence suggests that using nutritional labelling could help reduce calorie intake and make a useful impact as part of a wider set of measures aimed at tackling obesity. There is no magic bullet to solve the obesity problem, so while calorie labelling may help, other measures to reduce calorie intake are needed.’ Statistics show that about a quarter of our calorie intake now comes from meals out. Experts say this is due to a booming fast food industry and sit-down family meals becoming rarer. The rise in dining out could be driving up obesity levels by making it harder to judge how much we eat, as there are no food labels in front of us. Professor Ian Caterson, president of the World Obesity Federation, said: ‘Energy labelling has been shown to be effective – people see it and read it and there is a resulting decrease in calories purchased. ‘Combined with a suite of other interventions, such changes will help slow and eventually turn around the continuing rise in body weight.’ Caroline Cerny, of the Obesity Health Alliance, said: ‘Too often food in restaurants or cafes can be a large portion size and packed with hidden ingredients such as salt or sugar. ‘It makes sense that when we know the nutritional content of the food we’re eating, the more likely it is that we’ll make healthier choices. ‘This important research shows that clear labelling of the food we eat out of home, as is increasingly on display on supermarket products, is an important step to empowering people to make informed choices.’ 
968318289863675904	2018-02-27 02:54:05	https://t.co/zIEO4szLV2	Saudi Arabia's king announces surprise sacking of his most senior generals on eve of visit to UK https://t.co/zIEO4szLV2	 Saudi Arabia's most senior generals were sacked last night in a major shake-up on the eve of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman's visit to Britain. King Salman yesterday replaced top military commanders including the chief of staff, state media said. The monarch replaced the heads of the ground forces and air defences, as well as civilian officials including several deputy ministers, in a series of late-night royal decrees. No official reason was given for the sweeping overhaul, but it comes as Mohammed bin Salman pursues military reform and a bloody campaign against Yemen's Iran-aligned Huthi rebels nears the end of its third year. 'Termination of the services of General Abdul Rahman bin Saleh al-Bunyan, Chief of Staff,' the official Saudi Press Agency (SPA) announced, adding that Fayyad al-Ruwaili had been appointed as his replacement. It comes just a week before Mohammed bin Salman is due to tour Britain, France and the USA. He is expected to meet Theresa May, Boris Johnson and senior members of the Royal Family. But protests have been organised to attack the Saudi government's role in Yemen, as well as Britain for being an ally of the monarchy's. Al-Bunyan was retired after he inaugurated an arms exhibition this week in Riyadh by the Saudi Arabian Military Industries (SAMI), the state-owned defence company, which has drawn several global defence firms. 'A military transformation is underway in Saudi Arabia,' Theodore Karasik, a senior advisor at the consultancy Gulf States Analytics, said. 'The changes come on the heels of the SAMI exhibition, which is a critical part of the Prince Mohammed's reform plan to create an indigenous defence program,' he added, Crown Prince Mohammed, the son of the monarch and heir to the throne, is the country's defence minister and has been consolidating his grip on power in recent months while pushing major economic and social reforms. The young prince has pursued an assertive regional policy, including leading a military intervention in neighbouring Yemen since 2015 that is seen as a proxy war with arch-rival Iran. The Yemen conflict has led to what the UN describes as the world's worst humanitarian crisis. More than 9,200 people have been killed in the conflict and another nearly 2,200 Yemenis have died of cholera, according to the World Health Organization. King Salman also decreed a series of civilian appointments that saw younger officials being elevated to key positions as deputy ministers, deputy provincial governors and royal court advisors. Tamadar bint Yousef al-Ramah was appointed the deputy minister of labour and social development, a rare senior government post for a woman in the conservative kingdom. Prince Turki bin Talal, the brother of billionaire Prince Al-Waleed bin Talal, was appointed deputy governor of the southern Assir Province. Prince Al-Waleed, dubbed the Warren Buffett of Saudi Arabia, was among princes, ministers and tycoons detained in Riyadh's luxury Ritz-Carlton hotel in an unprecedented crackdown on what the government calls elite corruption. The Ritz-Carlton reopened for business on February 11, more than three months after becoming a gilded prison for Saudi elites. 
968259414892400640	2018-02-26 23:00:08	https://t.co/Fuptj0Jr8L	Women really DO feel less pain if they hold their partner's hand in labour https://t.co/Fuptj0Jr8L	 It is a good reason for women to take their husband into the labour ward when they give birth. Holding the hand of someone you love can help with pain and make it hurt less. Women given their partner's hand to hold experienced half the amount of pain they did when left alone, after scientists passed hot water through a tube in their hand. It is believed touching someone you love provides a 'reward' in the brain which makes the pain easier to bear. A study of 20 couples also found women holding a man's hand during a painful experience like childbirth may get more sympathy. Men who held a woman's hand while she was burned with hot water were better able to guess how much it hurt. The secret is believed to be that touch synchronises a couple's brains, so they undergo a painful experience in a similar way. That empathy from a partner may be why women holding hands may experience less agony. The study's lead author, Dr Pavel Goldstein, from the University of Colorado, said: 'I got the idea for this study in the delivery room when my daughter Emily was born. Hand-holding was very helpful for my wife. 'We found two people's brains synchronise when they were holding hands, which can have an analgesic effect when one is suffering pain. It may be that empathy is transferred through touch.' Simply imagining something to be less painful may ease your experience of it, research from the Netherlands suggested earlier this month. The theory relies on the placebo effect that explains someone's experience is shaped by expectations – so if you imagine that something won’t hurt, it just may not. Through visualization exercises, the researchers found that experiment participants could, to some extent, control how painful their experiences were. The study author hoped that her work in healthy people could be applied to patients to help ease their suffering through chronic pain and other conditions. The scientists subjected women to the pain and made men the observers, as women have been shown to benefit more from social support. In some experiments the women were not exposed to pain, or they received pain in a room separate to their partner, while sitting not touching their partner or while holding hands. Women asked to rate their pain from zero to 100 gave ratings 52 per cent lower after holding hands than if they were separated from their partner. Their partners, also asked to rate the female's pain from zero to 100, were more accurate after holding their hand. The study, published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, follows evidence that skin-to-skin touch can reduce babies' pain during medical procedures and adults' anxiety and blood pressure in reaction to stress. It states: 'Our findings indicate that hand-holding during pain administration increases brain-to-brain coupling in a network that mainly involves the central regions of the pain target and the right hemisphere of the brain observer.' Couples whose brain activity, measured by an electroencephalogram (EEG), was most similar, were most likely to see the woman experience less pain and the man have more empathy. The study also involved scientists from the University of Haifa and the Pasteur Institute in France.
968254381656330248	2018-02-26 22:40:08	https://t.co/j2zH6hukIV	Abandoned villas scattered across Italy are revealed in beautiful detail by urban explorer https://t.co/j2zH6hukIV	 An Italian photographer has captured incredible photographs of some of Italy's most beautiful crumbling homes after spending four years scouting out abandoned villas. Eleonora Costi, from Florence, first discovered her interest in becoming an urban explorer after reading an article about Villa Napoleone, an abandoned 14th-century villa a few miles north of Milan. Speaking to Atlas Obscura, Ms Costi said: 'It was dark, damp, and really quiet. It’s a kind of surreal silence I have been feeling only in abandoned places. As if anyone could come out from behind a corner at any time.' Since then she has explored more than 50 villas across northern and central Italy, using Google searches and local paper stories to find her next hidden gem. Ms Costi's main goal - aside from taking breathtaking photos - is to raise awareness these abandoned villas in the hopes that people will be inspired to try and restore them. She added: 'I know that many people find the decadence attractive, but for me what’s striking about these places is the persistence of beauty. It’s striking to see a fresco from 300 years ago still standing despite the neglect.' Ms Costi shares the beautiful photos on her Instagram and website here. 
968249349544316928	2018-02-26 22:20:08	https://t.co/n25OihfSEf	The tell-tale meningitis symptoms that parents and doctors DON'T recognise  https://t.co/n25OihfSEf	 Nearly half of babies with meningitis don't display the classic warning signs of the killer bug, research has found. Scientists noted a fever - long considered a key symptom of bacterial meningitis - was reported in only 54 per cent of cases. The new findings, made by researchers at St George’s, University of London, have prompted an urgent warning to doctors. Meningitis Research Foundation, which funded the study, believes they may be missing cases of bacterial meningitis in babies. It revealed the most common signs of the deadly bug were poor feeding, lethargy and irritability - though all can be signs of much milder illnesses. Data from 263 babies under the age of three months who had the infection - which can kill in hours - was used to make the conclusion. Estimates suggest around 350 cases of bacterial meningitis in infants under three months of age occur each year in the UK and Ireland. In the UK, infants under three months are 70 times more likely to get it than adults. Newborn babies face the highest risk. The study, published in the Paediatric Infectious Diseases journal, showed that just 28 per cent of cases reported seizures. While a fifth of the incidents reported bulging fontanelle, six per cent a coma and just three per cent neck stiffness. Of the 263 babies, 23 died - nine per cent - and 56 of the surviving babies suffered serious complications, such as amputations, hearing loss and recurrent seizures. The authors, led by Professor Paul Heath, concluded classic features of meningitis were 'uncommon' among the babies studied. He said: 'The symptoms displayed by young infants when they are seen by doctors at first in hospital are often non-specific and only half of cases showed signs of a fever. 'Clinicians must, therefore, still consider bacterial meningitis in the diagnosis of an unwell infant that doesn't present with fever.' He added that meningitis guidelines 'have been introduced in the UK and the US but all specify fever as a key feature of infection'. Professor Heath said: 'Unfortunately, neither the rates of bacterial meningitis in babies, nor the numbers of deaths, has changed since the 1980s. 'Clinicians must, therefore, still consider bacterial meningitis in the diagnosis of an unwell infant that doesn’t present with fever.' Vinny Smith, chief executive at the MRF, said: 'Young babies are particularly vulnerable to bacterial meningitis. 'Meningitis and septicaemia are deadly diseases that strike without warning. Rapid diagnosis and treatment provides the best chance of survival. Mr Smith added that the charity has now created a teaching package for doctors and health professionals to aid rapid diagnosis and treatment. It has also updated its symptoms information for parents 'so that they know not to rely on fever alone as the main symptom to look out for in babies'. Meningitis is inflammation of the membranes that surround and protect the brain and spinal cord. Anyone can be affected but at-risk people include those aged under five, 15-to-24 and over 45. People exposed to passive smoking or with suppressed immune systems, such as patients undergoing chemotherapy, are also more at risk. The most common forms of meningitis are bacterial and viral. Symptoms for both include: Bacterial meningitis Bacterial meningitis requires urgent treatment at hospital with antibiotics. Some 10 per cent of bacterial cases are fatal. Of those who survive, one in three suffer complications, including brain damage and hearing loss. Limb amputation is a potential side effect if septicaemia (blood poisoning) occurs. Vaccines are available against certain strains of bacteria that cause meningitis, such as tuberculosis. Viral meningitis Viral is rarely life-threatening but can cause long-lasting effects, such as headaches, fatigue and memory problems. Thousands of people suffer from viral meningitis every year in the UK. Treatment focuses on hydration, painkillers and rest. Although ineffective, antibiotics may be given when patients arrive at hospital just in case they are suffering from the bacterial form of the disease. Source: Meningitis Now 
968244361443102720	2018-02-26 22:00:19	https://t.co/GTcD7KHjl1	Sparks fly in dramatic video as driver loses control of car as he tries to squeeze through a tiny gap https://t.co/GTcD7KHjl1	 This reckless motorist risked their life as they tried to squeeze a car through the tiniest of gaps on a packed motorway. Swerving from left to right, nerve-shredding footage shows a white vehicle in China attempting to overtake on a busy road. The car is seen swinging across two lanes into the central reservation of the highway where it strikes a metal barrier before being launched into the air. Sparks fly as the car flips across the width of the road, its right rear wheel lifting entirely off the ground. As it grinds to a halt, the rogue vehicle smashes into the bonnet of the car from which the dashcam footage is being filmed. It's side crashes into the windscreen filling the driver's view. The scene was captured on February 20 in the late afternoon in Jingmen city in Hubei Province, central China. Despite endangering numerous lives the hot-headed driver reportedly received only a fine. Fortunately, nobody was injured in the smash, reported local Chinese media.
968241887638425606	2018-02-26 21:50:29	https://t.co/tJ9Uvj0lY6	World Book Day 2018 date and costume ideas https://t.co/tJ9Uvj0lY6	 With March fast approaching, grown ups and kids all over the UK begin to prepare for World Book Day 2018, a day that celebrates books, reading and writing. Even though a recent Mumsnet survey on World Book Day found that over one in ten respondents found World Book 2017 a ‘major hassle’, the majority of people still agree that World Book Day is a great way of celebrating books. Here is all the information on World Book Day 2018 including when is it, what is it and World Book Day costumes. World Book Day takes place on the first Thursday of March meaning World Book Day 2018 will be on Thursday, March 1, 2018. However, World Book Day in other countries takes places on other dates. The UN designates April 23 as World Book Day, citing its literary symbolism: ‘It is on this date in 1616 that Cervantes, Shakespeare and Inca Garcilaso de la Vega all died. ‘It is also the date of birth or death of other prominent authors, such as Maurice Druon, Haldor K.Laxness, Vladimir Nabokov, Josep Pla and Manuel Mejía Vallejo.’ However, an April 23 World Book Day in the UK would clash with St George’s Day as well as Easter holidays. As The organisers of World Book Day in the UK say: ‘We take into consideration religious holidays, school terms and potential conflict with other charitable activities.’ The first ever World Book Day took place in 1995. The aim of World Book Day is to celebrate reading and everything to do with it. As it says on the World Book Day website: 'It’s a celebration of authors, illustrators, books. ‘In fact, it’s the biggest celebration of its kind, designated by UNESCO as a worldwide celebration of books and reading, and marked in over 100 countries all over the world.’ On World Book Day, kids all over the country receive special tokens from National Book Tokens Ltd that allows them to purchase books for £1. According to the World Book Day charity, some 15 million tokens are sent out every year, which adds up to one token for ‘nearly every child under the age of eighteen in the country’. The tokens apply to a special £1 book list made for World Book Day 2018 and includes titles such as Michael Bond’s Paddington Turns Detective and Brain Freeze, by Tom Fletcher. For young adults, the tokens can go towards five £2.50 books including Gangsta Rap by Benjamin Zephaniah. The tokens can also be used to get £1 off any full price book. Dressing up as famous literary characters is a big part of World Book Day. According to the Mumsnet poll, most kids dressed up as Roald Dahl characters for World Book Day 2017, with Harry Potter costumes coming in second place. However, World Book Day 2018 costume ideas may be dominated by JK Rowling’s characters after the likes of Primark began to launch World Book Day costume ranges. The clothing brand will sell Harry Potter, Alice in Wonderland and other costumes for as low as £5. Others are getting in on the act, with ASDA introducing its own World Book Day costume range that features Peter Rabbit, Gruffalo and Disney Princess Cinderella costumes.
968229248296042496	2018-02-26 21:00:16	https://t.co/1EtHRc9j9u	What is Vero? App challenging Facebook and Instagram surges in popularity over the weekend https://t.co/1EtHRc9j9u	 An app billing itself as a Facebook killer soared in popularity over the weekend. Vero is a rising social media platform that markets itself as a less-cluttered version of Facebook, allowing users to connect more directly to friends and family members. The app was launched in 2015, but has rapidly gained new users in the last few months. Over the weekend, the app gained so much traction that the company experienced technical issues. Vero's sudden take off comes as Facebook has faced increased scrutiny around the algorithms that power its News Feed, user targeting techniques and the spread of false information on the platform. The company says it's wary of the algorithms that control what Facebook users see on their feeds. Vero is branded as an elevated Facebook, claiming on its Twitter page that it is 'taking the way you connect and share in real life and translating it online.' Ayman Hariri is Vero's co-founder and CEO. Harari is a Lebanese billionaire and the son of Rafic Hariri, the late former Lebanese Prime Minister, Inverse reported. Motaz Nabulsi, another co-founder, is a a movie financier. Scott Birnbaum, Vero's third co-founder, founded Red Sea Ventures, a venture capital firm that focuses on technology in early stages. On Vero, users can share links, photos, iTunes songs, movies, locations and books. Like Facebook, it includes a messaging service. Its rise has come on the heels of a great deal of backlash against Facebook, with users complaining about the algorithm that dictates what is on their news feed. It has retweeted users praising the app and taking direct hits at Facebook. 'Do you want a social media experience that's like real life? No algorithms, no data mining, just real people enjoying their lives. I'm on @verotruesocial now and I'd love you to join me,' one user tweeted. 'Join me on Vero. It's a v[ery] carefully conceived & curated new social media site. F*** Facebook!,' another user tweeted. The company's manifesto says: 'Most social networks reduce everyone to a friend or a follower. 'This encourages us to only share the parts of our lives we think are the most interesting.' The biggest difference between Vero and other networks is the fact that the items on Vero users' feeds show up in chronological order. Additionally, Vero charges fees for users unlike social media giants Facebook, Snapchat and Instagram. The company announced on Wednesday that Vero's first million users would not be charged, which ignited a flood of new users to the platform. It tweeted that same day that a 'high volume of registrations' led to technical issues. The company later announced that it believed it had identified the problem and is working to solve it.
968218873903374336	2018-02-26 20:19:02	https://t.co/aM1et1Smdu	When are the 2018 Paralympics? All you need to know https://t.co/aM1et1Smdu	 The 2018 Winter Olympics in PyeongChang may be over, but winter sports fans can still look forward to the upcoming 2018 Paralympics. The 2018 Winter Paralympic Games are set to feature thousands of athletes from all over the globe competing in winter sports such as snowboarding, skiing, ice sledge hockey, wheelchair curling and more. It’s the first time South Korea will be hosting the Paralympics. But just what are the Paralympics? How can they be seen on TV? Here’s all you need to know about what the Paralympics are, when they are, how to watch on TV, their history and some of the athletes from Team GB, Team USA and Team Australia. The Paralympics are an international multi-sport event that showcases athletes with a wide array of disabilities competing for their home countries, including those with impaired range of movements, limb deficiency and developmental disabilities. The Paralympic Games were first officially held in 1960 and take place following the Summer and Winter Olympic Games. The 2018 Paralympics will begin on March 9 and conclude on March 18 in PyeongChang, South Korea. UK viewers can catch the 2018 Paralympics on Channel Four. The full schedule will be announced as the games draw closer. In the United States, NBC and its affiliated channels such as NBCSN and the Olympic Channel will air 250 hours of coverage starting with the opening ceremony on March 9. In Australia, the 2018 Paralympics can be seen on the Seven Network, marking the first time the Winter Paralympics will be shown on commercial TV in the country. The origins of the Paralympics date back to 1948 when the International Wheelchair Games were held for injured World War II veterans from the United Kingdom to coincide with the 1948 Summer Olympics taking place in London. The first official Paralympics took place in 1960 and were open to all competitors, not just disabled veterans. Since that year, the Paralympics have taken place the same year as the Olympic Games and have grown dramatically from 400 athletes from 23 countries in 1960 to thousands of Olympians from more than 100 countries in recent years. A number of notable Olympians from the United Kingdom will be competing at the 2018 Paralympics, including skier Millie Knight and snowboarders Owen Pick, Ben Moore and James Barnes-Miller. Team USA will also be sending many athletes to the 2018 Paralympics in PyeonChang. Snowboarders Amy Purdy and Brenna Huckaby will compete for the women’s event, while Mike Shea, Keith Gabel and Evan Strong will also do so for the men’s competitions. The country’s wheelchair curling team is also seen as being a strong mix of newcomers and veterans, including Penny Greely, Steve Emt and Kirk Black. Team USA also boasts a strong sled hockey team helmed by veterans like Steve Cash, Declan Farmer and Nikko Landeros. Team Australia will also send noted athletes such as snowboarders Joany Badenhurst and Ben Tudhope and skiers Mitchell Gourley, Shaun Pianta, Melissa Perrine and Tori Pendergast.
968215879958847488	2018-02-26 20:07:09	https://t.co/NijBpUMfGD	Apple is planning to launch the 'biggest iPhone ever' along with three other new models, report claims https://t.co/NijBpUMfGD	 Get ready for Apple to launch the 'largest iPhone ever.' The tech giant is planning to release a trio of new iPhones this year and the lineup is expected to include a giant model, an upgraded handset that's the same size as the current iPhone X, as well as a cheaper version, Bloomberg reported, citing sources close to the situation. The new phones are expected to hit shelves this fall. Scroll down for video Apple is running production tests with suppliers, but Bloomberg noted that the company's plans for the devices could still change. Apple is trying to appeal to users who prefer 'phablets' -- large smartphones that are capable of handling some tasks completed on a tablet. The 'biggest iPhone ever' would have a screen that measures 6.5 inches and is believed to be codenamed 'D33' inside the company. New photos leaked over the weekend that claim to depict the giant iPhone's massive screen. The photos first surfaced on MacX forums, but were later deleted. MacRumors saved the images and said the screen may be used for an upcoming model, called the iPhone X Plus. The body of 'D33' would still be the same size as the iPhone 8 Plus, but thanks to its edge-to-edge screen, will be the largest iPhone yet. By comparison, the iPhone X's screen is 5.8 inches. Like the iPhone 8 Plus, the giant iPhone would probably have a split-screen mode that lets users run apps side by side. The firm is also trying to capture a greater share of consumers who may not be able to afford the iPhone X's $999 (£999) price tag, but still want many of its premium features. That's why the lower end model would be more affordable, but could still have many high-end features, like an edge-to-edge screen, facial recognition technology and a fingerprint sensor. Internally, the device has been referred to as 'D32,' Bloomberg said. The company is also planning its upcoming mobile operating system, which will likely be called iOS 12, but is being referred to internally as 'Peace.' 'Peace' is expected to feature updated AR technology, deeper integration of Apple's Siri voice assistant, more health monitoring and the ability to use Animojis in FaceTime, Bloomberg noted. It's been rumored for several months now that Apple may release three new iPhones in 2018 Last November, KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who has predicted Apple announcements accurately in the past, said that Apple could release two new full-screen iPhones in 2018 A new report from Bloomberg backs up many of Kuo's predictions The report says Apple will release a 6.5-inch iPhone, dubbed the 'largest iPhone ever' this year The 6.5.-inch phone would still be the same size as Apple's iPhone 8 Plus, but thanks to an edge-to-edge screen would look bigger than prior models This device is being referred to as the 'iPhone X Plus' Multiple reports also say that Apple intends to release a 'cheaper' iPhone X A cheaper model might be priced between $649 and $749 The phone would be more affordable but it would still have many of the iPhone X's premium features, including augmented reality technology, facial recognition sensors and more It would also have an organic LED screen, but the display would have a 'less dense screen resolution' All the devices are expected to feature the 'notch,' which is the object at the top of the iPhone X that houses the phone's advanced cameras and sensors Apple launched the 10th anniversary iPhone X at its September event last year, billing it as the 'future of the smartphone.' The iPhone X features advanced cameras that power its Face ID technology, augmented reality sensors and an organic LED screen that displays more detailed, brighter and deeper colors. The much-hyped iPhone X didn't sell as well as many had anticipated it would, however. Apple sold 77.3 million iPhone units in the fourth quarter of 2017, which was fewer than the 80.2 million units projected by Wall Street analysts. Many believe the iPhone X's wallet-busting price tag contributed to its lackluster sales. 
968214098906308608	2018-02-26 20:00:04	https://t.co/znn77C6txO	Apple could launch AirPod-like over-the-ear headphones with Siri voice control this year https://t.co/znn77C6txO	 Apple could be developing its own over-the-ear headphones that may be available as early as this year, according to one analyst. The company may be creating a larger version of its wireless AirPods headphones that could have Apple branding and not that of sister company Beats. This is despite the fact that it paid $3 billion four years ago to acquire Dr Dre’s Beats headphones label. The new headphones will most likely have hands-free Siri and feature the W2 chip found in Apple Watches, the source suggests. According to KGI analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who has a well-established reputation for predicting Apple developments, the Cupertino-based tech company is building on the success of AirPods. 'Apple to have own-brand, high-end over-ear headphones with all-new design; to be as convenient as AirPods with better sound quality; shipments to begin 4Q18F at earliest', Mr Kuo wrote in the research note, released this month. He said the 'high-end over-ear headphones' will make Apple's 'acoustic accessory lineup more complete', writes Mac Rumours. While the AirPods are primarily designed to be convenient and interactive, this suggests Apple could be investing in high-end audio. While Apple has yet to respond to the rumours, the headphones could be launched before the end of 2018. Mr Kuo says he expects Apple to use the W2 chip, currently used in Apple Watches, in the larger headphones. Apple has recognised accessories and 'wearable' tech as a leading avenue for growth. 'Wearables were the second-largest contributor to revenue growth after iPhone, which is impressive,' Apple Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri said earlier this month. Last week it was rumoured Apple is working on a new and improved second generation of AirPods which will also use the W2 chip. It will provide greater integration of Siri, with hands-free activation via the voice command 'Hey Siri'. The chip is also expected to improve the strength and speed of the connection between iPhone and audio device. Apple AirPods were first released in 2016 and rapidly became one of Apple's most successful products. Questions over their practicality, durability and quality made consumers sceptical and led to a mixed response when they were first announced to the public in 2016. Despite this, demand for them sky-rocketed and they are now considered one of Apple's most successful products. AirPods were imitated by many other manufacturers, but 85 per cent of all wireless speakers now sold in the US are AirPods. Demand was so high for the products over the Christmas period of 2016 and 2017 that Apple stocks were depleted and many outlets sold-out. With Apple's acquisition of Beats for $3 billion (£2.15 billion) in 2014 many customers expected Beats to be the name associated with future Apple audio. So far, that has yet to come to fruition. The start-up audio company, co-founded by rapper Dr Dre, was absorbed by the California-based firm in 2014. It's elegant, powerful and intelligent - but it's also nearly three times the price of its competitors. So is the Apple HomePod really worth the extra cost? MailOnline gave the smart speaker a test run to find out. Design Apple's HomePod stands at nearly 7 inches tall, which is slightly larger than the average smart speaker. It also feels heavier weighing in at 5.5lbs (2.5kg). But despite its size, it appears to blend into its surroundings. Apple wanted to focus on elegance and simplicity for the design, and it has achieved both. The one major issue is that HomePod's power cord doesn't detach, which means you'll have to put it in the corner of a room if you want to hide the cable. Set up Like many other Apple products, the set up is extremely straightforward. All you have to do is plug the device in, tap an iPhone running the latest version of iOS against it and all your settings will be transferred over (this include Wifi logins). The HomePod then shows up on the main screen of the Home app. By tapping and holding, you can bring up settings. Music Apple's Phil Schiller said the focus of HomePod was on audio quality - and it doesn't disappoint. The speaker uses spatial awareness technology to sense its place in a room and adjust audio output based on that. For music enthusiasts, this means there is no longer just one 'sweet spot' in a room for listening to your favorite tracks. It uses the same A8 chip that can be found in iPhones to analyse the music and tune the low frequencies and acoustics for the best sound experience. It also features a high-excursion woofer with a custom amplifier to play a wide range of deep, rich bass. A powerful motor drives the diaphragm a full 20 mm peak to peak - remarkable for a speaker this size. All of this means the HomePod sounds remarkably richer and fuller than other speakers. However, if you want to get the best out of the music feature, you're locked in to using Apple Music, which is a major sticking point for many users who have built up their music library in services such as Spotify. Siri Unlike Amazon's Alexa, the HomePod doesn't come with millions of 'skills', but it is far more sensitive to your commands thanks to the speaker's powerful microphones. However, Siri on the HomePod doesn’t recognise different voices, which may be a concern if you're worried about someone reading your messages. If your phone is connected, anyone in the same house can ask HomePod to send or read your text messages. There is a simply way around this in settings, but if you forget to turn off the function, your messages could be left exposed. Apple says it uses an anonymous Siri ID, and, according to Apple,that communication is all encrypted. So should you buy it? If you love music and sound-quality is important, then Apple's HomePod won't disappoint, and if you can afford the high-price it also is a stylish and intelligent smart assistant. But there remain a few issues to be worked out.
968204069721518080	2018-02-26 19:20:13	https://t.co/3YDdNB1lHc	Party drug ketamine could treat depression in women, first female rat study suggestshttps://t.co/3YDdNB1lHc	 Ketamine could help treat stressed-related disorders, such depression and PTSD, in women, new research claims. In a first of its kind study in female rats, researchers examined the effects of the illegal drug - an animal tranquilizer turned into a popular club drug - in the rodents. They found low-doses of ketamine given a week prior to a stressful event helped them become more resilient to future adverse events as it does in male rats. The study, conducted by researchers at the University of Colorado Boulder, is the first to examine the effect of ketamine on female rats, and builds upon previous research that have found the drug is a promising treatment for depression. 'This is the first study of its kind to assess the preventative effects of ketamine on a future adverse event in females,' researcher Dr Samuel Dolzani, of the University of Colorado Boulder, told Daily Mail Online. 'This is of importance given the increased interest in in preventative medicine,' he added. For the study, researchers at the University of Colorado Boulder and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology gave female rats 10 milligrams of ketamine a week prior to them receiving an electric shock to their tail - an experience that should have made them less explorative next day when placed in a new cage. They found that the ketamine-treated female rats were just as sociable as the control group females that did not suffer the tail shock stress. Drugs available to treat depression, which can affect one in six Americans in their lifetime, can take weeks or even months to start working, the current found ketamine's protective effect took just a week to kick in. Researchers also used fluorescent proteins to show how neurons in the pre-frontal cortex were activated by low-dose ketamine. The study revealed the drug combats stress-induced anxiety-like behavior, like depression and PTSD, by triggering neurons in the pre-frontal cortex, an area of the brain that helps regulate emotional and behavioral functioning. A major component of depression is an impairment in neural plasticity - the ability of the brain to change and adapt in response to experience, Dr Dolzani said. He said ketamine prevents stress-induced impairments in neural plasticity, and it also produces brain changes that may protect against the effects of future stress or trauma. The research published in eNeuro addresses a critical gap in understanding and developing treatments for stress-related disorders. Approximately 12 million women in the United States experience clinical depression each year, according to Mental Health America. And they are twice as likely to be diagnosed with the condition than men. Ketamine works as as an anaesthetic as it puts the patient in a trance like state so they can't feel pain, while also acting as a sedative. It was discovered in 1962 and was used in casualty clearing stations in the Vietnam war as an anaesthetic. But its mind altering effects has made it a popular party drug and the hallucinatory experience is commonly known as being K-holed. It was not until the late 1980s and the arrival of rave culture that it really took off as a recreational drug. It has also been used as a date rape drug due to it being odourless and colourless. Ketamine is a Class B drug in the UK meaning it is illegal to take, give away or sell. Anyone caught with the drug faces up to five years behind bars. 'Despite promising results of preclinical studies performed in male rats, the effects of proactive ketamine in female rats remains unknown,' said Dr Dolzani. 'This is alarming given that stress-related disorders affect females at nearly twice the rate of males.' Dr Dolzani said stress-related psychiatric disorders, such as depression and post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), affect females at nearly twice the rate of males and are among the leading causes of disability worldwide. 'A first of its kind study in female rats finds that a single, low dose of ketamine promotes resilience to future adverse events as it does in male rats,' Dr Dolzani said. This follows a study published last year that found ketamine was twice as effective as standard drugs at treating depression. Research conducted by scientists at Oxford University last year found that 42 percent of people with depression treated with ketamine experienced significant short-term improvement - compared to two in ten for traditional anti-depressants such as prozac. Another 2017 study conducted by research team at the University of New South Wales found low doses of the party drug cured 50 percent of people over the age of 60 from depression. Furthermore, research conducted by scientists at the University of Maryland School of Medicine and the National Institutes of Health in 2016 found that ketamine can lift depression within hours, even minutes - much faster than the most commonly-used antidepressant drugs available. Recreational ketamine users say it creates a 'floaty' feeling where mind and body feel detached. Researchers are also testing whether ketamine could be a cure for alcoholism. Early trials found it cut relapse rates by more than 50 per cent among heavy boozers. 
968193992419627009	2018-02-26 18:40:10	https://t.co/BswilfNYjS	End of the checkout? New app could let shoppers 'pay on the go' by scanning items in supermarket aisles https://t.co/BswilfNYjS	 Supermarket cashiers and self-scan checkouts could become redundant thanks to a new app that speeds up the weekly food shop. The app, called Supersmart, allows users to scan items as they shop using their smartphone and then wheel them to a special floor pad. Several cameras and a deep-learning algorithm combine to detect all the items, before the customer pays for them at an automated checkout. It is hoped the technology will be quicker than both self-scan checkouts and human-operated tills. The combination of technology will even alert the shopper to any items they may have forgotten to scan before they leave. Yair Cleper, developer and founder of Supersmart, created the app in his native Israel in partnership with supermarket chain Osher Ad. Osher Ad introduced the system into stores in 2016 after trials at various locations. Mr Cleper said: 'It is all designed to be as easy for shoppers as possible and can deal with up to about 180 items. 'This is how we see shopping being done in the future. 'It can be plugged in at a supermarket without any changes to its infrastructure.' Mr Cleper claims the payment process should take no more than 30 seconds from start to finish, rapidly speeding out checkout times. Supersmart has developed a basket-sized machine to assess smaller shops. Mr Cleper claims the methods used currently take time due to the need to re-bag the items and remove them from the trolley. By removing this step, he hopes to avoid long delays during peak times. Mr Cleper also says he is also in discussions with at least one major UK supermarket about using the technology. Michael Hoffmann, of Visa, which has been helping Supersmart develop its product, said: 'This system will work in a real world environment and could significantly reduce the time customers spend at check-outs. 'We believe this will make shopping faster and smarter.' Amazon have launched a similar fully-automated store this year that, much like Supersmart, cuts out the need to go to a cashier before leaving. Unlike Supersmart however, Amazon shops do not require customers to stop at a automated machine before leaving, instead using cameras and sensors to track the pick-ups and purchases of customers as they shop. To start shopping, customers must scan an Amazon Go smartphone app and pass through a gated turnstile. Ready-to-eat lunch items greet shoppers when they enter. Deeper into the store, shoppers can find a small selection of grocery items, including meats and meal kits. An Amazon employee checks IDs in the store's wine and beer section. Sleek black cameras monitoring from above and weight sensors in the shelves help Amazon determine exactly what people take. If someone passes back through the gates with an item, his or her associated account is charged. If a shopper puts an item back on the shelf, Amazon removes it from his or her virtual cart. Much of the store will feel familiar to shoppers, aside from the check-out process. Amazon, famous for dynamic pricing online, has printed price tags just as traditional brick-and-mortar stores do.
968188923267731456	2018-02-26 18:20:02	https://t.co/EiX4lJSMFt	'Drunk' foreign passenger launches foul-mouthed rant on Chinese subway after being caught smoking in carriage https://t.co/EiX4lJSMFt	 A foreign man was caught out by other passengers smoking a cigarette in a train in Beijing, capital city of China. Mobile phone footage emerged showing the foreigner swearing in foul language to a few Chinese commuters as he was told not to smoke in the carriage. His cigarette got snatched away by one passenger as subway station workers arrived to settle the dispute. According to a web user, known by his account name 'Jg_JiaWuJia', who posted the video on his social media account, the incident happened on line no. 2 of Beijing subway on February 24. Jia wrote: 'The foreign man says "f***ing animal" when a few Chinese passengers told him not to smoke in the train.' He also mentioned that he told the man to 'put out your cigarette or leave China' before filming the incident as evidence. There were no suggestion of what the man's nationality is. Another onlooker can be heard telling the foreigner to 'f*** off and go back to your country'. 'This is China,' he said. The foreigner, appeared to be drunk as he stumbled, said: 'It's not a country, it's called the Middle Kingdom!' - a literal translation of China in Mandarin, Zhongguo. One passenger said: 'F*** off please.' The man replied: 'You f*** off. F*** me? F*** you!' Jia told Pear Video that he noticed a quarrel at another carriage when the train was stopping at Xuanwumen station. 'I showed the footage to a subway staff at Fuxingmun stop, just two stations after. She walked into the carriage and attempted to settle the quarrel. One onlooker snatched away the cigarettes and put it out. According to Regulation on Operation Safety of Metro Transport in Beijing, smoking on train is not allowed and offenders can face a fine of minimum 50 yuan (£5.68), up to 1,000 yuan (£114).
968183932175945729	2018-02-26 18:00:12	https://t.co/Tn253O40gE	Kremlin-connected diplomats are targeting World Cup with McMafia-style 'state-sponsored cocaine smuggling operation' https://t.co/Tn253O40gE	 Kremlin-connected diplomats are targeting the World Cup with a state-sponsored cocaine-smuggling operation, it has been claimed. This astonishing allegation suggests a major supply route - masterminded by a shadowy figure nicknamed 'Lord K' with ties to the highest echelons of the Kremlin - has regularly delivered drugs from Argentina to Europe using Russian diplomatic channels. The alleged plot appears to be straight out of BBC drama McMafia about the son of Russian exiles with mafia ties, who is drawn into the world of organised crime. But Russia has angrily denied accusations that its diplomats are involved in large scale cocaine smuggling. The allegations stem from a case revealed last week when a $61million (£43million) stash of cocaine weighing 850lbs was found hidden in the school inside the Russian embassy compound in Buenos Aires. Its seizure led to half a dozen arrests in Russia and Argentina. Another key figure since named as Andrey Kovalchuk - aka 'Lord K' - last heard of in Berlin was put on the Interpol wanted list, who is alleged to have made 11 trips to Argentina since 2013. Now, an expat Russian professor, Maxim Mironov, an economist, whose children attend the embassy school where the vast cocaine haul was found, has alleged the official Moscow version of the drugs find revealed last week is full of 'lies'. The school is so closely guarded by FSB security service agents, he said, that no-one could leave a large cargo of cocaine on its premises without the authorities knowing. Parents were not even allowed inside the school by the FSB guards to meet teachers, he said. He disputes the official Moscow version which suggests the failed smuggling bid was a one-off operation by low grade diplomatic staff backed by two Russian emigres who now hold Argentine citizenship. High ranking officials must have been involved, he claimed. He believes in the recent case Russian ambassador Víktor Koronelli blocked the cocaine being exported - but only after the Argentine authorities expressed fury at the embassy routing and confronted him with it. Earlier, such consignments had been sent, he alleges. Bugged conversations between detained suspects indicate a major smuggling route was operating previously via the embassy, said economist Mironov, finance professor of IE Business School in Madrid, who obtained his doctorate from Chicago University and is now on secondment in Argentina. For example, embassy official Alexander Chikalo tells Iván Blizniouk, an ethnic Russian policeman in Argentina, and a security adviser to the embassy, in a call intercepted by the Argentines: 'Do you imagine the volume of drug trafficking that was coming out of here earlier?' Blizniouk replied: 'Yes, of course I do.' Both men were detained last week. Mironov alleged: 'This is a story about a drugs mafia that can give direct orders to security officers of the Russian embassy. 'This (man) Kovalchuk is connected to the Russian state. 'In one of the conversations he says that he's due to come to Argentina next time at state expense. 'Secondly, he has extremely close contacts with the top of the embassy staff. 'Next, he's been taking suitcases - filled with something - out of the embassy multiple times. 'Lastly, (it is clear from leaked conversations) he can influence appointments of ambassadors, which are always done by the country's president (Putin). 'In other words, Kovalchuk is connected not just to top Russian officials, but to those who put papers right on the president's desk.' The fact Argentine officials have leaked conversations of suspects suggests they do not believe the Russian version, he said. He predicted Kovalchuk would not be caught. It 'looks like the Russian State was involved … and that it lasted for many years'. In contrast, the Russians say a joint operation with Argentina blocked the cargo, and that the cocaine in last week's report was replaced by harmless flour before it was exported. Mironov claims that the ambassador's head of security Oleg Vorobyev - a man he knew - was often mentioned as a key figure in phone conversations by the suspects. He also claimed bugged conversations showed another drugs smuggling route using the Russian embassy in Uruguay. Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergey Ryabkov said that due to the vigilance of the ambassador and his staff, the cocaine had been spotted and replaced by flour by Argentine law enforcement. He claimed m media reports had 'cast a shadow' over the work of diplomats in blocking the smuggling. Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova firmly denied claims that diplomatic mail had been used illegally to transport drugs from to Russia. Earlier Russian sources denied as 'someone's fantasies and fakes' that the plane of Putin's top security official Nikolai Patrushev had been used to transport suspected drugs from Argentina to Russia. 
968178893055291393	2018-02-26 17:40:10	https://t.co/yZTfNaEqBA	The AI that is faster and more accurate than top human lawyers when spotting legal issues in contracts https://t.co/yZTfNaEqBA	 Artificial intelligence has beaten top lawyers for the first time in a competition to make sense of legal contracts. Researchers found that AI was 10 per cent more accurate than humans in spotting key legal issues with business contracts - an everyday task for most lawyers. The news will stoke fears over the threat AI poses to many jobs, with robots expected to replace 300 million workers worldwide by 2030. The contract-reviewing algorithm was created by legal AI platform LawGeex, which has teams based in both New York City and Tel Aviv, Israel. Results were analysed in consultation with law professors from Stanford University, Duke University School of Law, and the University of Southern California. The AI reviewed five Non-Disclosure Agreements (NDAs) and its time and accuracy was compared to those of 20 US-trained lawyers tasked to evaluate the same files. Competitors were given four hours to review the contracts and identify 30 legal issues, including arbitration, confidentiality of relationship, and indemnification. The AI achieved a 94 per cent accuracy rate at picking out risks, while the lawyers - with decades of experience - managed an average accuracy rate of 85 per cent. LawGeex's robot completed the task in just 26 minutes, 66 minutes faster than the average human time. It also achieved 100 per cent accuracy in one contract, on which the highest-scoring human lawyer scored 97 per cent. Intellectual property attorney Grant Gulovsen, one of the lawyers who competed in the study, said the task was very similar to what many lawyers do daily. LawGeex claims the use of AI can speed up how lawyers work by freeing them up to focus on tasks that still require human brainpower. The idea is that robots can highlight areas of documents for lawyers to focus on, taking away the more arduous parts of the review process. Erika Buell, clinical professor at Duke University School of Law, who LawGeex consulted for the study, told Mashable: 'Having the AI do a first review of an NDA, much like having a paralegal issue spot, would free up valuable time for lawyers to focus on client counselling and other higher-value work. AI systems rely on artificial neural networks (ANNs), which try to simulate the way the brain works in order to learn. ANNs can be trained to recognise patterns in information - including speech, text data, or visual images - and are the basis for a large number of the developments in AI over recent years. Conventional AI uses input to 'teach' an algorithm about a particular subject by feeding it massive amounts of information. Practical applications include Google's language translation services, Facebook's facial recognition software and Snapchat's image altering live filters. The process of inputting this data can be extremely time consuming, and is limited to one type of knowledge. A new breed of ANNs called Adversarial Neural Networks pits the wits of two AI bots against each other, which allows them to learn from each other. This approach is designed to speed up the process of learning, as well as refining the output created by AI systems. 'I strongly believe that law students and junior lawyers need to understand these AI tools, and other technologies, that will help make them better lawyers and shape future legal practice. 'I would expect that the general public, to the extent they want their lawyers to work efficiently on their legal matters, will be excited about this new tool.' The robot was trained on tens of thousands of NDAs, using machine-learning and deep learning technologies. Each of these documents had risks already marked, allowing the system's artificial neural network to learn what to look out for in the documents. In future, these AI learning systems could replace many basic tasks that currently require a human, potentially putting thousands if not millions of jobs at risk. In November, a report claimed that as many as 800 million workers worldwide could be replaced by machines in just 13 years. It suggested that in about 60 per cent of jobs, at least one third of activities could be automated. The report, called 'Jobs lost, jobs gained: Workforce transitions in a time of automation', was created by management consultancy firm, McKinsey. Jobs most likely to be taken include fast-food workers and machine-operators. Gardeners, plumbers and childcare workers are the least likely to be replaced by bots, according to the report.
968173874750853132	2018-02-26 17:20:14	https://t.co/GEnPjNaXvI	Russia was behind the 'Olympic Destroyer' malware and tried to pin the cyber attack on North Korea, report claims https://t.co/GEnPjNaXvI	 U.S. officials may have discovered the source of the 'Olympic Destroyer' cyber attack that targeted the opening ceremony of the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. Russian military spies hacked hundreds of computers used by Winter Olympics organizers and tried to make it look like the work of North Korea, the Washington Post reports, citing sources close to the situation. The attack crippled several Olympic-linked internet sites and broadcast systems just as the opening ceremonies kicked off on February 9. It meant that customers were unable to print tickets or access other information. The attack also left the Olympic stadium without WiFi, while internet and television were disrupted in the press center. The website wasn't brought back online until 12 hours after servers had been hit. South Korean officials had opened an investigation into the attack, but declined to disclose who was behind it. Now, U.S. intelligence sources say Russia's GRU military intelligence agency managed to take control of 300 computers linked to the Olympic organization, according to the Post. The Russians had hacked South Korean computer routers and inserted a form of 'malware' that allowed them to gather data and paralyze the network. Researchers from Cisco's Talos Intelligence Group published a report earlier this month saying that the piece of malware, referred to as the 'Olympic Destroyer,' may have been used in the attack. Researchers from Cisco's Talos Intelligence Group analyzed the cyber attack that affected servers during the opening ceremony at the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. They believe with 'moderate confidence' that the attack may be tied to a malware called the 'Olympic Destroyer'. The researchers didn't point to a group or country that may have been behind the attack, but said it's likely that it was carried out remotely. 'Olympic Destroyer' wasn't used to steal data; instead, the attackers aimed to disrupt the Olympics and destroy the infrastructure connected to the Olympic Games. The malware works attempts to take down systems and wipe data by deleting files and their copies. Researchers added that the malware used similar techniques that were deployed in the BadRabbit and Nyetya ransomware attacks last summer. But the security experts didn't outline who was behind the attack. The Russians used a North Korean internet provider to make it appear the attack originated in North Korea, in what is known as a 'false flag' operation, the Post said. While American officials quoted in the article were unable to say whether the hackers had activated the malware, they said the cyber attack against the Games -- from which Russia's team was excluded for doping -- was worrisome. Some analysts believe the cyber attack was retribution for that ban. Some Russian athletes were allowed to compete, but only under the designation of 'Olympic Athletes from Russia.' The GPU is also believed to be behind a 2016 breach of Olympian medical records, which was described as a 'form of payback after nearly every member of Russia's track and field team was banned' from the games that year,' the Post noted. Russia's foreign ministry previously denied being involved in any cyber attacks related to the Olympic Games. 'We know that Western media are planning pseudo-investigations on the theme of 'Russian fingerprints' in hacking attacks on information resources related to the hosting of the Winter Olympic Games in the Republic of Korea,' Russia's foreign ministry told Reuters. 'Of course, no evidence will be presented to the world,' they added. The Winter Games saw dramatic gestures aimed at easing the raw tensions dividing the two Koreas, as both countries' athletes marched together during the opening ceremonies, and they fielded a single women's ice hockey team. The sister of North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un made several high-profile appearances in the early days of the Games, and a large squad of North Korean cheerleaders drew intense interest. Finally, at the Games' closing ceremony Sunday, South Korean President Moon Jae-in and North Korean General Kim Yong Chol -- a man considered a "war criminal" by many in the South for his role in two deadly attacks on Southern targets -- exchanged a very public handshake.
968170092159819777	2018-02-26 17:05:12	https://t.co/q74UlVGazT	Argentina's coast guard fires on a Chinese boat illegally fishing in its waters and chases it for EIGHT hours https://t.co/q74UlVGazT	 Argentina's coast guard said it fired on a Chinese boat illegally fishing in its waters before embarking on an almost eight-hour chase to capture it. Nobody was reportedly injured and no fishermen were detained. In a statement on Friday, the Argentine Naval Prefecture said its officers fired shots at the Jing Yuan 626 after the vessel was caught illegally fishing in the country's exclusive economic zone. The Chinese embassy in Argentina did not immediately provide a statement about the incident, which occurred Thursday after four other vessels also flying under a Chinese flag attempted to ram into coast guard boats. Scroll down for video A decision was then made to 'carry out machine-gun and cannon fire' and impede the vessel's ability to navigate, the coast guard said. In video footage released on Saturday, an Argentine maritime officer can be heard warning the Jing Yuan 626 before it is fired upon. 'You're responsible for the safety of your crew and your ship. You are about to receive direct fire on the bow part of your ship,' the officer says via radio. He then says: 'Bow, command bridge. Are we ready? Okey, free fire one shot to the boat's bow over waterline.' The vessel managed to escape after the foreign ministry called off the operation following a nearly eight-hour chase. Fishing boats have been involved in various incidents within Argentina's 200-nautical mile exclusive economic zone in the past. In 2016, a Chinese fishing vessel with 32 crew members aboard was reportedly sunk by Argentine authorities after it attempted to flee to international waters. Earlier this month, the coast guard detained a Spanish ship carrying more than 705,000 pounds of fish caught illegally. 
968163791925141504	2018-02-26 16:40:10	https://t.co/iGsI4H1NYf	6.1 magnitude earthquake strikes off of Indonesia as neighbouring Papua New Guinea is rocked by two large tremors https://t.co/iGsI4H1NYf	 A 6.1-magnitude earthquake struck off eastern Indonesia late on Monday, the US Geological Survey said, as neighbouring Papua New Guinea was rocked by two quakes in 24 hours. However, no tsunami warning was issued for Indonesia and there were no immediate reports of casualties or damage. The quake was measured at a depth of 11.9km (seven miles) with its epicentre in the Seram Sea around 194km northwest of Ambon, the capital of Maluku province, according to USGS. 'The earthquake does not have tsunami potential. I am still gathering more information regarding damages and casualties,' Mochammad Riyadi of Indonesia's Meteorology, Climatology and Geophysics Agency told AFP. Maluku is a large archipelagic province. The nearest major island is Buru, located some 50km south of the epicentre. 'There's no damage at our place and I don't think there's any damage out there because of the quake,' Hentihu, a resident of Namlea, a small town on Buru island, said. Residents of Ambon, a city with a population of 330,000, also said they were little affected by the tremor. Meanwhile, an earthquake with a magnitude of 6.4 hit Papua New Guinea early on Tuesday. The quake was recorded 142km (88 miles) west southwest of the city of Mount Hagen at a depth of about 10 km, according to the USGS. It hit less than 24 hours after Papua New Guinea was struck by a major quake of magnitude 7.5 in the early hours of Monday. Both Indonesia and PNG sit on the so-called Pacific Ring of Fire, a hotspot of seismic activity. At least three people were killed and hundreds of buildings were damaged following a 6.5-magnitude earthquake on Indonesia's Java island in December. An earthquake struck Indonesia's western province of Aceh in December 2016, killing more than 100 people, injuring many more and leaving tens of thousands homeless. Aceh was one of the areas worst hit by the devastating 2004 tsunami, triggered by a magnitude 9.3 undersea earthquake off the coast of Sumatra. The wall of waves killed 220,000 people in countries around the Indian Ocean, including 168,000 in Indonesia. 
968152395430662144	2018-02-26 15:54:53	https://t.co/INsR8kW8Ep	Denmark will DOUBLE punishments for crimes committed in ghettos under new proposals https://t.co/INsR8kW8Ep	 Denmark will double punishments for crimes committed in ghetto trouble spots under new proposals. So-called 'special punishment zones' will be set up by police in underprivileged areas to crackdown on crimes such as theft, vandalism and threatening behaviour. This could see more severe punishments for certain offences committed in those areas, according to Justice Minister Søren Pape Poulsen said. He told newspaper Berlingske that criminality that contributed to 'parallel societies' would be targeted by the new scheme. Poulsen said: 'Vandalism, theft or threats could be the reason [for harsher punishments]. That means the hammer will fall extra hard in those areas.' He said that local police would decide on which areas would be subject to the harsher punishment rule. However, it is not yet clear exactly what crimes would result in double punishments. This will be determined at a later date, Berlingske reports. According to The Local Denmark, Prime Minister Lars Løkke Rasmussen announced plans in his New Year's Speech to make efforts to reduce crime and social inequality in Denmark's ghettos. But Birgitte Arent Eiriksson, legal advisor with thinktank Justitia, warned: 'Where there is rule of law, it is very, very important that everyone is equal before the law. 'But I find it difficult to see how that could be the case with this proposal.'
968148028715687936	2018-02-26 15:37:32	https://t.co/F6xYWM2gbv	Thief, 34, dubbed the 'Butt Crack Babe' squeezes INSIDE a claw machine as she steals seven stuffed toys https://t.co/F6xYWM2gbv	 This is the bizarre moment a crafty woman squeezes inside a claw machine and steals stuffed toys. The agile thief dubbed the 'Buttcrack Babe' climbed into the tiny chute and made away with seven soft toys. The 34-year-old, who is known as Tsai, claimed to have been frustrated after that she couldn't win a single toy during her visit to the city of Taichung in West Taiwan. She has since been arrested after being identified on CCTV. Footage shows Tsai grabbing a broom and sticking it into the dispenser so she can pull the machine's soft toys closer to the flap. She then reaches into the machine and squeeze her upper body through the 10-inch opening to grab the toys. She stole seven toys in between 30 minutes an hour, the Taichung City Police Department said. While in custody, Tsai told the authorities that she had taken sleeping pills and other medication - and that she had 'no recollection' of her actions. The toys, the woman claimed, had been given to children living in her neighbourhood. Tsai faces theft charges, with the investigation still ongoing.
968139771343196163	2018-02-26 15:04:43	https://t.co/qXr59VeL8j	Putin supporters use lingerie-clad models to encourage young men to vote https://t.co/qXr59VeL8j	 Vladimir Putin's election supporters are using provocative pictures of female models in underwear in the latest bizarre tactic to fend off apathy in next month's Russian presidential poll. With the contest offering no real choice, and the expected result of six more years of the strongman ruling the Kremlin hardly in doubt, young men are being enticed to vote with a series of sexually suggestive web adverts. This part of the campaign has been put together by the Russian edition of Maxim magazine - which refuses to say who ordered it, but it is widely seen as part of a covert strategy to ensure voters go to the polls and back Putin. Maxim editor in chief Alexander Malenkov confirmed the magazine was promoting the presidential election as part of a 'special business project' for an unknown client with financial remuneration that has not been revealed. He admitted it looked 'a bit absurd' but said it was 'one of numerous compromises' he had to make. While no candidate is mentioned by name, this campaign chimes with a Kremlin strategy to maximise the numbers of people voting under the theory that this will help Putin with the election on the first ballot - a scenario that requires him to get more than 50 per cent of the vote. The latest pro-Putin social media blast shows blonde and brunette models in underwear posing at polling stations, evidently aiming to entice young males to cast their ballots. The pictures are captioned: 'Welcome to the world of adults!', 'It's a bit scary at the beginning but soon you'll want to make it one more time', 'Are you sure you're already 18?', and 'All that happens at the polling station will remain at the polling station…' A raunchy backstage video accompanies the pictures, with 18+ stickers called 'Election Girls' sent to those who joined the online group. Slogans read 'Waiting for you in the booth!' (a young woman disappears into an election booth), 'I want your vote' (with a naked woman in bed), and 'help me to undo my ballot paper' (a model has her hands behind her back as if she is undoing her bra). Earlier, a homophobic video on social media warned people that if Putin was not re-elected, then under a new president families could be forced to take in gays who are can't find partners. A man is showing having a 'nightmare' at such a scenario, imagining he wakes up in bed with his gay lodger. The same scare-tactic video - watched more than four million times - implied black immigrants would join the Russian army if 65 year old Putin was no longer commander in chief. A video posted earlier this month shows a young woman refusing to have sex with man because he had not voted. She is shown passionately kissing him but then asks: 'Wait a minute, are you 18 yet?' He replies: 'Yes, I'm adult' She asks: 'Have you voted today?' He says: 'No, what for?' She hits back: 'Well, you are not adult then' - and walks away. Another video showed a pregnant young woman rush to the polling station rather than the maternity hospital. Putin has chosen to do almost no campaigning although he remains the overwhelming favourite to win. A series of television debates starts on Monday with election candidates but Putin has opted not to take part in these. Opposition leader Alexei Navally has been banned by the authorities from contesting the 18 March Election. He has called for a boycott of the election. The social media campaign is seen as countering this demand. It also uses pro-gay and anti-racism calls made by pro-Western candidate Ksenia Sobchak, 36, to crudely exploit fears of homosexuality and immigrants, say critics. Sobchak - who has posed semi-naked for Maxim in the past - has known Putin since she was a child. She was the daughter of his mentor Anatoly Sobchak, former mayor of St Petersburg, who gave Putin his first job in politics. But now she has called on him to retire from politics, while admitting neither she nor the other candidates has any hope of winning - implying the system is rigged. Those taking part in TV debates are: Sergey Baburin (the All-Russia National Union party), Pavel Grudinin (nominated by the Communist Party of the Russian Federation), Vladimir Zhirinovsky from Russia's Liberal Democratic Party (LDPR), Ksenia Sobchak (the Civil Initiative party), Maxim Suraikin (the Communists of Russia), Boris Titov (the Party of Growth) and Grigory Yavlinsky (the Yabloko party). 
968135821902610433	2018-02-26 14:49:01	https://t.co/JcMUlO5jVL	Horrific moment angry elephant charges at a mob and tramples a villager to death in Indiahttps://t.co/JcMUlO5jVL	 A video captured the horrific moment an angry elephant trampled a man to death in India. The man, called Krishnappa, 56, had gone to a lake in in Belkonglu where a herd of wild elephants had gathered. On Saturday, villagers went there to drive away the elephants after they strayed into the area and began raiding crop fields. Villagers had submitted a memorandum to authorities, urging them to drive the herd away. But when officials failed to act, they decided to take matters into their own hands - and around 200 people, including children, headed to the lake. Video footage filmed at the scene showed the mob shouting at the elephants, as well as pelting stones and hurling firecrackers at them. Then, one of the elephants is seen coming out of the water and charging at the crowd. Krishnappa, a farmer from Kurubur in Bangarapet in the south Indian state of Karnataka, is seen collapsing to the ground as the elephant crushes him. His funeral was attended by hundreds of villagers on Sunday. The Andhra Pradesh Forest Department has agreed to pay compensation equivalent to £5,520 to his family. On Sunday, forest officials from both Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka states drove the herd of elephants into the forest. 
968130922066403328	2018-02-26 14:29:33	https://t.co/BfSu9eUhFV	'Hit them with a truck... kill them all': ISIS urge fanatics to carry out vehicle attacks https://t.co/BfSu9eUhFV	 ISIS has urged fanatics to carry out vehicle attacks in a chilling poster showing a picture of blood on the front of a lorry. The terror group called on would-be lone-wolf jihadists to 'hit them with a truck' and to 'kill them all' in the propaganda material. Muharar al-Ansar, the pro-ISIS group that released the poster, has previously released similar graphics calling for arson and gun attacks, according to the respected SITE Intelligence group which monitors terror activity. ISIS has used vehicles to carry out a wave of atrocities in the past, with similar attacks taking place in Britain, the US, France, Germany, Spain and Sweden and claiming well over 100 lives. On October 31, Sayfullo Saipov drove a rented pickup truck into cyclists and runners for about a mile of the Hudson River Park's bike path in Lower Manhattan, New York, killing eight people and injured eleven others. A flag and a document indicating allegiance to ISIS were found in the truck. In August, Barcelona terrorist Younes Abouyaaqoub ploughed a van into crowds on the Ramblas murdering 14 people. Abouqaaqoub was part of a 12-man cell who brought terror to Barcelona on August 17 and 18. In June a team of jihadists used a hire van to drive through pedestrians at London Bridge before going on the rampage with knives. On April 7, 2017 Uzbek asylum seeker Rakhmat Akilov, 40, murdered five people in a Stockholm truck attack after pledging allegiance to ISIS. Months earlier, on March 22, Khalid Masood, 52, drove a Hyundai 4x4 over Westminster Bridge, mowing down members of the public before crashing into a fence beside Big Ben. This followed an attack on December 19, 2016, in which Anis Amri drove a truck through a Christmas market in Berlin. Twelve people were killed in the atrocity. But the most deadly came on Bastille Day, 2016 when 86 people were killed by a truck driven through crowds enjoying fireworks in Nice, southern France.
968129942402846720	2018-02-26 14:25:39	https://t.co/HX4HFPsgDs	Vegetarian and Mediterranean diets are equally effective at causing weight loss and protecting the heart https://t.co/HX4HFPsgDs	 Vegetarian and Mediterranean diets are equally effective, new research suggests. Cutting out meat causes people to lose around 4.2lbs (1.9kg) after three months, a study found. Whereas following a Mediterranean diet, which is rich in olive oil, vegetables and fish, leads to people shedding 3.9lbs (1.8kg), the research adds. The two diets are also thought to have comparable effects on the heart as both cause similar BMI and fat-mass changes, the research adds. These similar outcomes may be due to both vegetarian and Mediterranean ways of eating limiting people's saturated fat intakes. Study author Dr Francesco Sofi from the University of Florence and Careggi University Hospital, said: 'The take-home message of our study is that a low-calorie vegetarian diet can help patients reduce cardiovascular risk about the same as a low-calorie Mediterranean diet. 'People have more than one choice for a heart-healthy diet.' Consuming more fruit and fish, and less fizzy drinks, are the most important aspects of a Mediterranean diet, research suggested in July 2017. Individually, each dietary change reduces a person's risk of developing pre-cancerous colorectal polyps by more than 30 per cent, according to researchers from Tel-Aviv Medical Center. Making all three healthy choices lowers the risk of such lesions by up to 86 per cent, they add. The results further suggested eating just two or three foods typical of a Mediterranean diet - such as opting for olive oil over butter - halves the risk of developing such polyps. Colorectal cancer is associated with a low-fibre diet with large amounts of red meat, alcohol and high-calorie foods. The researchers analysed the dietary questionnaires of 808 people undergoing screening or diagnostic colonoscopies. All of the participants were aged between 40 and 70 years old, and did not have a high risk of developing colorectal, or bowel, cancer. A Mediterranean diet was defined as consuming above average amounts of fruits, vegetables, legumes, nuts, seeds, whole grains, fish and meat, as well as a high ratio of monounsaturated fats, such as olive oil, to saturated fats, like butter. The diet also involves a below average consumption of red meat, alcohol and high-calorie foods. Near-identical weight loss between the diets The findings did show that vegetarian diets lead to greater reductions in blood cholesterol levels. Whereas Mediterranean ways of eating more effectively lower the amount of circulating fat in the blood. Both of these have been linked to a reduced risk of heart disease. Dr Cheryl Anderson, associate professor of preventive medicine at the University of California, San Diego, who was not involved in the study, said: 'The diets offer a possible solution to the ongoing challenges to prevent and manage obesity and cardiovascular diseases. 'Future research should compare the diets in patients at higher risk for heart disease and should also explore whether or not healthful versions of traditional diets around the world that emphasise fresh foods and limit sugars, saturated fats, and sodium can prevent and manage obesity and cardiovascular diseases.' The findings were published in the journal Circulation. How the research was carried out The researchers analysed 107 overweight people with an average age of 51. The study's participants had a low-to-moderate risk of heart disease. They were assigned to follow either a low-calorie vegetarian or Mediterranean diet for three months. All-natural pill turbocharges the Mediterranean diet This comes after research released in December last year suggested scientists have found a way to turbocharge the health benefits of a Mediterranean diet. Researchers from Cambridge University have created a supplement known as 'Ateronon Heart', which combines the heart-health benefits of a key component in tomatoes with milk; making the compound easier to absorb. In a world first, they have been issued with a patent for the all-natural, over-the-counter product, which slows down the build-up of plaque in the arteries, preventing heart disease. Previous studies show the supplement, which retails at £19.99 for 30 capsules, improves blood flow by 53 per cent. Nick Sutcliffe, the Cambridge lawyer who steered the patenting process, said: 'There is increasing interest in natural ingredients. 'People are looking for cures and if they can find them in plants that is very much easier than developing synthetic drugs to treat disease.' 
968125368564703232	2018-02-26 14:07:29	https://t.co/7m8nVf4GV5	Eric the giraffe orphan finds a new family https://t.co/7m8nVf4GV5	 A giraffe who was orphaned when his parents were killed by poachers has formed a unique friendship with staff at a nearby hotel. Lonely Eric wandered into the grounds of Elsamere Lodge in Naivasha, Kenya looking for love following the brutal murder of his mum and dad. The affectionate giraffe soon won the hearts of staff at the hotel and has returned on a regular basis delighting guests ever since. Eric can often be found watching over staff during their day-to-day cleaning duties and posing for pictures with astounded visitors. He also enjoys joining the locals at a nearby lake to collect water and wash clothes and will happily take leaves and food handed to him by star-struck tourists. Despite being harmless, the loveable giraffe has been known to get a bit too close for comfort for some, after eating a straw hat straight from the head of a visitor at the lodge. Photographer Mark Boulton has been asked to pack a straw hat as a present for Eric and the snapper captured him investigating his new gift as well as roaming around the hotel grounds and mingling with staff, guests and locals. Mark, 80, from Mickleton near Evesham, said: 'It was my last day and I was at breakfast when a head just appeared at the window. 'I didn't have my camera so I ran up to get it and grabbed the hat too. 'I asked if anyone would be willing to wear it and everyone was kind of hesitant and perplexed until one guest volunteered. 'He didn't actually eat this one, I don't think it was made entirely from straw. He did seem very intrigued though. 'He's just a real people giraffe. He seems to prefer people to his own kind.' 'He likes wandering around but really does seem to like Elsamere the best,' said Mark. 'He does mini safaris up and down the road and as you can imagine he's started to get a bit of a reputation. 'Everyone wants their selfie taken with Eric.' 
968120987479928833	2018-02-26 13:50:04	https://t.co/0YEWLEzfZt	Hormonal birth control does NOT increase women’s risk of depression, study finds https://t.co/0YEWLEzfZt	 Hormonal birth control does not increase women's risk of depression, new research suggests. Contrary to popular belief, contraceptive pills, implants or injections do not make women more likely to suffer from the mental-health condition, a study found today. Lead author Dr Brett Worly from Ohio State University, said: 'Depression is a concern for a lot of women when they're starting hormonal contraception. 'Based on our findings, this side effect shouldn't be a concern for most women, and they should feel comfortable knowing they're making a safe choice.' Although depression is a recognised side effect of birth control, the researchers warn the extent of the complication is often exaggerated and women should not assume they were develop the mental-health disorder if they take the pill. Most women have tried at least one hormonal contraceptive in their lives. In the US, nearly 37 percent of women are currently using birth control. Around seven percent of adults in the US suffer from depression every year. The illegal party drug ketamine could ease depression, research suggested in August 2017. Patients who respond to the horse tranquilizer have greater overall activity levels days after its infusion, a study found. Depressive episodes are partially characterized by a reduced interest in activities. Responsive patients also sleep better the following day, the research adds. Researchers from the National Institute of Mental Health in Bethesda, Maryland, analysed 51 people with major depressive or bipolar disorder. All of the study's participants failed to respond to previous treatments. They were all given a single infusion of ketamine. The researchers tracked the timing and degree of participants' activities via wristwatches. Ketamine is a Schedule III drug in the US and a class B in the UK. It can legally be prescribed by doctors as a general anesthetic in humans and animals. Around seven percent of adults in the US suffer from depression every year. The condition affects up to one in four people annually in the UK. 'The biggest misconception is that birth control leads to depression' The researchers blame platforms such as social media for making contraception complications seem more common than they are. Dr Worly said: 'We live in a media-savvy age where if one or a few people have severe side effects, all of a sudden, that gets amplified to every single person. 'The biggest misconception is that birth control leads to depression. For most patients that's just not the case.' The scientists add, however, certain women are at a greater risk of the mental-health disorder and should be monitored closely. Dr Worly said: 'Adolescents will sometimes have a higher risk of depression, not necessarily because of the medicine they're taking, but because they have that risk to start with. 'For those patients, it's important that they have a good relationship with their healthcare provider so they can get the appropriate screening done - regardless of the medications they're on.' How the research was carried out The researchers reviewed thousands of studies investigating the link between contraceptives and mental health. Such studies included various methods of contraception, including injections, implants and pills. Participants in the trials were made up of teenagers, women with a history of depression and those who had given birth in the past six weeks. Eating vegetables slashes the risk of depression by more than 10% This comes after research released earlier this month suggested eating fruits, vegetables and whole grains slashes people's risk of depression by more than 10 percent. Following the so-called 'DASH diet' reduces people's likelihood of developing the mental-health disorder by up to 11 percent, a study found. The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) way of eating is rich in fruits, vegetables, nuts, lean meat, whole grains and fish. People who follow a typical Western diet, which is rich in processed foods and sugar, are more at risk of suffering depression, the research adds. Researchers from Rush University in Chicago add further studies are required to determine the association between diet and mental health, but add simple lifestyle changes may be preferred over medication to control such conditions. Previous findings suggest eating lots of fresh produce benefits people's mental health by improving their moods, giving them more energy and helping them to think clearly. 
968117986753220610	2018-02-26 13:38:09	https://t.co/yq2ZyPki37	Who is Sridevi? The late Bollywood actress revealed https://t.co/yq2ZyPki37	 Tributes have been pouring in for Bollywood actress Sridevi who passed away on February 24, 2018 after what was thought to be a cardiac arrest in her hotel room in Dubai at the age of 54. The forensic report then concluded that her death was due to accidental drowning. The veteran moviestar is important to many women in India and those part of the Indian diaspora because of her ability to lead a film without a male co-star and alongside this, her struggle for equal pay long before it was a widely discussed topic in Bollywood, or Hollywood, for that matter. Sridevi was a true pioneer for women and through her acting and other work, she inspired Indians and encouraged them to believe that actions can lead to progress. Her untimely death has led to many offering their condolences to her husband Boney Kapoor and their daughter, Jhanvi and Khushi. Her body is expected to be flown back to Mumbai ahead of her funeral at the Santacruz crematorium. However, Dubai police have asked for Sridevi’s funeral to be delayed after forensic requests for further blood tests after her post-mortem proved to be inconclusive. Sridevi was born on August 13, 1963 as Shree Amma Yanger Ayyapan in the Madras State of India. She was considered Bollywood’s first female star after a successful career during the 1980s and 1990s during which she was ranked as one of the highest-paid actors. Sridevi started her acting career at the age of four in M. A. Thirumugam’s Thunaivan and went on to star in Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam and Kannada films. Her Bollywood debut and the first Hindi film she starred in was in the 1975 film Julie. After establishing herself in Tamil and Telugu cinema, Sridevi’s first starring role in Hindi cinema was in Solva Sawan and then Himmatwala opposite the icon Jeetendra, which were released in 1979 and 1983 respectively. This marked the peak of her career, earned her the sobriquet ‘Thunder Thighs’ and she went on to appear in successes such as Tohfa, Masterji, Nagina, Mr. India, Chandni, Sadma, ChaalBaaz, Lamhe and Judaai, to name a few. Her iconic snake dance from 1986 film Nagina remains one of the best in Bollywood and the film was ranked one of the best snake fantasy films of all time. Her role in Mr. India which included an imitation of Charlie Chaplin was described as ‘the most hilarious act she has ever done’ and one that ‘could give Jim Carrey sleepless nights'. Sridevi then took a role in the television sitcom Malini Iyer in 2004 and after a short hiatus, made what is considered to be her ‘comeback’ in the comedy drama English Vinglish in 2012 after which she was hailed as the ‘Meryl Streep of India’. The Government of India awarded the actress the Padma Shri in 2013, which is the subcontinent’s fourth highest accolade for her contributions to the entertainment industry. She was also voted as India’s Greatest Actress in 100 Years in a CNN-IBN poll for the centenary of Indian cinema. In 2017 she starred in her 300th film in the thriller Mom which became her final major role but she did have a cameo in Shah Rukh Khan’s upcoming film Zero before her death in February 2018. Sridevi’s net worth accumulated to approximately $35 million (£24.9m) after her film career that spanned over four decades, according to IBTimes India. In addition to her acting roles, the Indian star made a fortune over the years from multiple endorsements for brands such as LUX and Tanishq. Reports also estimate that Sridevi had an annual income of $2 million and charged around $1 million for her role in a movie. After her comeback in the 2012 film English Vinglish, her net worth increased by 24 percent. Her net worth is thought to be a combined figure with the income of her husband Boney Kapoor and they both own a bungalow in the Andheri West area of Mumbai as well as two others. The couple also own seven luxury cars including a Porsche Cayenne and a recently purchased Bentley. Sridevi’s husband Boney Kapoor is a film producer who has worked on 24 feature films in a career that spanned a similar length of his late wife's. He met Sridevi while he was still married to his first wife, Mona Shourie and the actress was still with film star Mithun Chakraborty which meant that their consequent relationship resulted in some media backlash. Boney produced a number of Sridevi’s films including Mr India in 1987 and her last film Mom in 2017. The couple have two daughters together, Jhanvi and Khushi, who are both aspiring actresses. Sridevi died on February 24, 2018 during a visit to Dubai for her nephew Mohit Marwah’s wedding and she was found in a bath after what is being presumed to be a heart attack, but her death certificate states she died of accidental drowning. Twitter tributes have poured in from a number of politicians, film stars and musicians, who all pay their respects for the late actress and offer condolences to Boney, Jhanvi and Khushi.
968115701654409216	2018-02-26 13:29:04	https://t.co/bFXAVyFfM0	Revealed: The famous food hacks that DON'T actually work https://t.co/bFXAVyFfM0	 Food hacks are designed to make it easier and cheaper to cook at home - but not all of the supposedly life-changing tricks actually work, experts have revealed. Some of the most popular and well-known tips that have been circulating online for years now have been disproved by cooking professionals at Good Housekeeping Institute (GHI). From storing apples with potatoes to stop them sprouting to keeping salad leaves in clingfilm to make them last longer, these are the hacks that are simply a waste of time. But the GHI experts have also revealed the tips that really do work - and they could save you money, prevent waste and make your life easier. 1. MYTH: STORING POTATOES WITH APPLES One common food hack myth is that storing apples with potatoes will stop your spuds from sprouting too quickly. But when GHI's experts put the hack to the test, they found that the potatoes sprouted and aged like normal despite being stored with the apples. HOW TO REALLY STOP SPROUTING: Keep spuds in a cool, dark place that won't get damp. Keep them out of the fridge - a dark cupboard is best. 2. MYTH: KEEP SALAD LEAVES FRESHER IN CLING FILM One food hack myth says that salad leaves will keep fresher and for longer if you lay them out on damp paper towels and then cover them in clingfilm. However GHI found that the trick doesn't work. The leaves didn't become soggy as quickly, however they dried out a lot faster than if they had been stored normally. HOW TO KEEP LEAVES FRESH: GHI says the best way to keep leaves for longer is to keep them in an airtight freezer bag or in its original packaging. 3. MYTH: NEVER FREEZE ALCOHOL It's a common myth that alcohol won't freeze - but in fact wine will if you store it in the freezer. However it is true that you shouldn't keep spirits in the freezer as they won't freeze and the alcohol content may actually reduce under the extreme temperatures. HOW TO FREEZE WINE: Pour leftover wine into ice cube trays and you can then add them to dishes or even to glasses of wine to keep them cold without diluting them. 4. MYTH: REMOVE RED WINE STAINS WITH SALT It's an urban legend that salt helps to lift red wine stains, but GHI says it won't work. It was thought that salt would help as it absorbs liquid, but in fact, it will actually make things worse as it could dye your furniture or clothes permanently red. HOW TO REMOVE RED WINE STAINS: On a carpet, blot with soda water, or for spills on clothes, spray the stain with hairspray before giving it a good wash. FREEZE VEGETABLES JUST BEFORE THEY GO OFF This food hack really does work. But don’t just freeze them raw, as freezing doesn’t stop the enzymes from decaying and they can still go bad. Instead, peel and boil veg as normal, drain and then plunge straight into iced water. Drain again, pat dry and freeze in usable batches in plastic bags. VINEGAR AND LEMON TO CLEAN ANYTHING Not only is using vinegar and lemon the cheapest cleaning hack you'll ever need, but the acidity can cut through grease and grime to make your kitchen sparkle. REMOVE RED WINE STAINS On a carpet, blot with soda water, or for spills on clothes, spray the stain with hairspray before giving it a good wash. HOW TO FREEZE WINE Pour leftover wine into ice cube trays and you can then add them to dishes or even to glasses of wine to keep them cold without diluting them. HOW TO KEEP LEAVES FRESH GHI says the best way to keep leaves for longer is to keep them in an airtight freezer bag or in its original packaging. HOW TO REALLY STOP SPROUTING Keep spuds in a cool, dark place that won't get damp. Keep them out of the fridge - a dark cupboard is best. 
968110657735479296	2018-02-26 13:09:02	https://t.co/4nrc7hPTlf	Doctors issue guidelines on how to treat in-flight medical emergencies https://t.co/4nrc7hPTlf	 When a passenger falls seriously ill mid-flight, the captain will often put out a call asking if there are any doctors on board. And quite often they might have to give medical attention to a patient they know nothing about, using equipment they are unfamiliar with. But now a Canadian university has released a guide for medical professionals about exactly how to manage in-flight emergencies and how they can treat patients better at 36,000 feet. Scroll down for video It comes after a new study by the University of Toronto found that with more people taking to the skies, the number of in-flight medical incidents has risen. And in a nearly half of all cases, air crew also have to step in to offer medical attention. The video guide by assistant professor Dr Alun Ackery from St Michael's Hospital and the University of Toronto shows how doctors and flight attendants can monitor patient's vital signs reliably in the cabin environment. This is because the altitude can affect oxygen saturation levels while the aircraft noise can limit the usefulness of a stethoscope. The clip also stresses that medical professionals who voluntarily provide emergency medical assistance on a commercial aircraft are protected from liability - in a bid to get more to volunteer in emergency situations. Professor Dr Ackery found that the increase in passenger numbers is the number one reason for a rise in in-flight medical emergencies. Another reason is longer flights, where passengers experience stress factors, such as lower oxygen humidity levels, for a longer period of time. In particular these stress factors may have greater effect on the increasing proportion of older passengers and those flying with pre-existing medical conditions. Yet there is no standardised methods for identifying in-flight emergencies making it difficult to find reliable incidence rates. Estimates range from one medical emergency per every 604 flights (16 events per one million passengers) to one per 7,700 passengers. And the top five causes of medical emergencies are light headedness/loss of consciousness accounting for 37.4 per cent of emergencies, respiratory symptoms accounting for 12.1 per cent, nausea or vomiting accounting for 9.5 per cent, cardiac symptoms accounting for 7.7 per cent, and seizures accounting for 5.8 per cent. Professor Dr Ackery said: 'Hearing the call go out for a doctor on board at 36,000 feet can be anxiety-provoking for any physician. 'If the health professional offers their expertise, they may have to manage an unfamiliar clinical scenario, in a foreign and limited environment without knowledge of the available resources. 'Passengers who are health care professionals, along with members of the flight crew, are often important resources for in-flight front-line care. 'Although flight crews receive some training in the treatment of in-flight medical emergencies, health care professionals receive little to none. 'They may be unaware of the medical equipment on board and the environmental challenges of treating patients on an aircraft. 'Furthermore, they may be unfamiliar with the airline's policies and procedures and their legal and ethical duties to respond. 'This study provides practical tips to inform physicians about what to expect if they are in this situation.' The study reviewed the policies and procedures of Canada's two major airlines, Air Canada and WestJet Airlines Ltd. It also suggested in complex medical situations, a team-based approach, assigning clear roles and responsibilities to use the skills of other health care professionals, is valuable. Flight attendants are key to liaising with the cockpit and ground communications staff for telemedicine support and potential emergency landings. Professor Ackery added: 'The incidence of in-flight medical emergencies continues to rise and it is likely that many physicians will hear a call to attend to a fellow passenger. 'Knowing what to expect may help physicians be better prepared the next time that fateful call goes out at 36,000 feet.' The study was published in CMAJ, the Canadian Medical Association Journal.
968108181292507136	2018-02-26 12:59:11	https://t.co/GHzcAu0W3r	Princess Caroline of Monaco's stepson Ernst of Hanover and his wife welcome a baby daughter https://t.co/GHzcAu0W3r	 Royal fans are eagerly awaiting the birth of the Duchess of Cambridge's third child, but there's already a new tiny royal on the scene in the form of Prince Ernst August Jr. of Hanover's newborn daughter. The stepson of Princess Caroline of Monaco and his Russian fashion designer wife Ekaterina Malysheva welcomed their first child, a baby daughter Elisabeth, at the Henriettenstifts hospital in Hanover on 22nd February. 'With my whole family I am very happy and grateful for the birth,' he told Hannoversche Allgemeine. 'My wife and I would like to thank the Henriettenstifts team for the friendly and competent care.' The couple who have relocated to Hanover after a long stint in London were married in a lavish ceremony at Hanover Market Church in July 2017. Prince Ernst Jr's father, Prince Ernst August of Hanover, 64, married Princess Caroline of Monaco in 1999, while she was pregnant with their daughter Alexandra, and she became stepmother to his two sons from his first marriage Ernst Jr and Christian. After 10 years, press reports emerged that the couple were living separately and Prince Ernst went on to strike up a relationship with a beauty queen, 27, from Romania, which has since ended. He and Princess Caroline remain legally married to each other. Banker Prince Ernst Jr, 34, and his 32-year-old bride Ekaterina, have been together for seven years and lived together in London before relocating to Hanover Ekaterina also runs her own clothing line, EKAT, which counts stars including Sienna Miller and Rita Ora among its fans. The talented creative was born in Russia but grew up in Prague. She moved to the UK at the age of 19 to study at the London College of Fashion before going on to start her own business. Prince Ernst-August V reportedly refused to give the union his blessing after Prince Ernst proposed to Ekaterina during a family holiday in Greece. The older Prince was said to want properties and titles he gifted to his son signed back over into his possession, including the iconic Marienburg castle, where the wedding dinner was held. The Prince heads up the royal House of Hanover, which provided monarchs to Great Britain from 1714 to 1901. His mother-in-law was the famed Hollywood icon Grace Kelly. However the Prince also has a chequered past. In 1999 he allegedly assaulted a journalist as he returned from a charity gala. And in 2000 he caused a public row by urinating on the Turkish Pavilion at the Expo 2000 event in Hanover. 
968105635148632065	2018-02-26 12:49:04	https://t.co/K4wKCVld7y	Mission to capture antimatter could help unlock mysteries of space https://t.co/K4wKCVld7y	 The inner workings of mysterious collapsed stars could finally be revealed as part of a breakthrough experiment that is taking anti-matter out of the lab for the first time. Scientists are hoping to see what happens when anti-matter - which is the mirror of ordinary matter - is smashed into radioactive particles. The experiment could provide new information about the workings of radioactive atomic nuclei - which are believed to be similar to the insides of a neutron star. Researchers want to learn more about neutron stars because they are important to our understanding of how some of the universe's key elements form. The staggering pressures that exist at the core of neutron stars may be like those that fuelled the Big Bang, meaning research into the innards of the objects could also help us explore how the universe was born. Every type of matter has an equal and opposite antimatter 'twin', and for protons - one of two particles that make up the central nuclei of atoms - this mirror image is known as an anti-proton. The particles exist sometimes in nature, but do not last long as when they come into contact with regular matter, they are annihilated. This makes them tricky to study, but scientists at the Cern particle accelerator in Geneva, Switzerland, are attempting to capture the elusive antimatter and put it in a shipping container on the back of a lorry. They hope to then transport the anti-protons 1,300 feet (400 metres) to another laboratory, where they will fire them at large radioactive atoms. The experiment will help them learn more about the cores of neutron stars - small, dense celestial objects that arise from the explosive death of another, larger star. If successful, the team's short journey will be the first time scientists have ever transported anti-protons outside of a laboratory environment. Antimatter is the mirror of ordinary matter. Normal atoms are made up of positively-charged nuclei orbited by negatively-charged electrons. However, their antimatter counterparts are the other way round. They have negative nuclei and positively-charged electrons, known as positrons. When matter and antimatter meet they instantly annihilate each other, releasing a burst of detectable energy. Cern scientists regularly create anti-protons by firing a proton beam at a metal plate and then storing them in a vacuum chamber at just 4 degrees above absolute zero. These conditions are comparable to intergalactic space, and can keep anti-protons from annihilation for short periods. But the conditions needed to store anti-protons makes it impossible to use them in experiments, as they must remain at the antimatter factory where they are made. For the new mission, the team plans to create a portable 'trap' capable of holding a billion antiprotons for up to seven days. The trap will use magnetic and electric fields to trap a cloud of antiprotons in a vacuum container the size of a tin of beans. If successful, it could open up new experiments in which scientists fire anti-protons at matter to see how the two react. 'Antimatter has long been studied for itself, but now it is mastered well enough that people can start to use it as a probe for matter,' lead researcher Dr Alexandre Obertelli, a physicist at the Technical University of Darmstadt, Germany, told Nature. The first anti-proton road trip could see Dr Obertelli and his project known as Puma (antiProton Unstable Matter Annihilation), to a neighbouring experiment. Neutron stars are the collapsed, burnt-out cores of dead stars. When large stars reach the end of their lives, their core will collapse, blowing off the outer layers of the star. This leaves an extremely dense object known as a neutron star, which squashes more mass than is contained in the sun into the size of a city. A neutron star typically would have a mass that's perhaps half-a-million times the mass of the Earth, but they're only about 20 kilometres (12 miles) across. A handful of material from this star would weigh as much as Mount Everest. They are very hot, perhaps a million degrees, highly radioactive, and have incredibly intense magnetic fields. This makes them arguably the most hostile environments in the Universe today, according to Professor Patrick Sutton, head of Cardiff University's gravitational physics department. The dense objects, in particular their cores, are key to our understanding of the universe's heavy elements. Known as ISOLDE, the experiment produces rare, radioactive atomic nuclei that decay too quickly to be transported anywhere themselves. The Puma team will fire anti-protons at ISOLDES's radioactive particles and then study the remnants after both are annihilated. The research will be invaluable for characterising the fine details of what is going on around the edge of the atomic nucleus, the researchers said. This could in turn provide new information on neutron stars, which are key to our understanding of the universe's heavy elements. Much about their cores has eluded scientists, and a better understanding of them could help us to unlock mysteries of the universe. The project began last month, but will require at least four years of work to get the trap just right, according to the researchers. In addition to providing ISOLDES researchers with antiprotons, the project will also establish a technique for other teams working at greater distances. That will give scientists from across the globe access to antiproton batches for use in their own experiments. The new transportation method could also help Nasa in its mission to create starships that accelerate to a large fraction of the speed of light. Collisions between matter and antimatter produce huge bursts of energy, and the anti-proton trap could make it easier to study the use of these explosions in powering spacecraft of the future.
968103406572392448	2018-02-26 12:40:13	https://t.co/QkAIBqQPCG	Turkey's president sparks outrage after telling crying girl she will be honoured if she is 'martyred' https://t.co/QkAIBqQPCG	 The Turkish president has appeared in a bizarre video in which he assures a sobbing child in military uniform that she would get state honours if killed while fighting. Recep Tayyip Erdogan was heard commenting: 'If she's martyred, they'll lay a flag on her,' at a televised congress of his AK party. He made the comment - on live television - in front of cheering supporters who urged him to carry on with the military offensive against Kurdish fighters in Syria's northern Afrin region. Critics have condemned his action as the same sort of child abuse for propaganda purposes as carried out by Islamic State fighters. In the event the young girl - estimated to be about five years old - dressed as a soldier seems to catch the attention of Mr Erdogan, who then invites her to the stage, the BBC reported. 'Look what you see here! Girl, what are you doing here? We have our maroon berets here, but maroon berets never cry,' he told her, referring to the beret worn by the Turkish Special Operations Forces. 'She has a Turkish flag in her pocket too... If she's martyred, they'll lay a flag on her, God willing,' he said during the congress in the southern town of Kahramanmaras on Saturday. 'She is ready for everything, isn't she?' The girl replied: 'Yes.' Mr Erdogan then kissed her face and let her go. The president's comments were immediately condemned on twitter - one person likened them to child abuse while another sad the president was wrong to says 'God willing' to the death of a child. The president's actions were also criticised by the pro-Kurdish Peoples’ Democratic Party (HDP) that opposes Ankara’s operation in the Afrin region. 'The mindset that abuses children by promising them death will lose,' the party said in a tweet. The president's latest comments however do not appear to have dampened the enthusiasm of his supporters of him or of his Syria offensive - they do not appear concerned that Erdogan's own sons have evaded military service while he routinely emphasises the importance of martydom as a means of securing Turkey's future. Turkey on 20 January launched a major operation aimed at ousting YPG Kurdish forces from their enclave of the northwestern town of Afrin. Mr Erdogan earlier this month said troops would also move east to Manbij - where unlike Afrin there is a US military presence. Commentators say such a move would mark a major escalation in the conflict. 
968100608187293696	2018-02-26 12:29:06	https://t.co/ZgkfYfXSC5	Horrific moment angry elephant charges at a mob and tramples a villager to death in India https://t.co/ZgkfYfXSC5	 A video captured the horrific moment an angry elephant trampled a man to death in India. The man, called Krishnappa, 56, had gone to a lake in in Belkonglu where a herd of wild elephants had gathered. On Saturday, villagers went there to drive away the elephants after they strayed into the area and began raiding crop fields. Villagers had submitted a memorandum to authorities, urging them to drive the herd away. But when officials failed to act, they decided to take matters into their own hands - and around 200 people, including children, headed to the lake. Video footage filmed at the scene showed the mob shouting at the elephants, as well as pelting stones and hurling firecrackers at them. Then, one of the elephants is seen coming out of the water and charging at the crowd. Krishnappa, a farmer from Kurubur in Bangarapet in the south Indian state of Karnataka, is seen collapsing to the ground as the elephant crushes him. His funeral was attended by hundreds of villagers on Sunday. The Andhra Pradesh Forest Department has agreed to pay compensation equivalent to £5,520 to his family. On Sunday, forest officials from both Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka states drove the herd of elephants into the forest. 
968099797050720256	2018-02-26 12:25:52	https://t.co/9ZhYVucWea	Boy gets himself trapped in a lift after urinating on the control panel for fun https://t.co/9ZhYVucWea	 A Chinese boy got himself trapped in a lift after weeing inside and causing an electrical short-circuit. Surveillance camera footage shows the boy urinating at the buttons while taking the lift alone at 8pm on February 23. The lift stopped working and failed to open but the boy was freed shortly. He did not sustain any injuries. According to Jiangsu News, the boy, who has not been identified, went in a passenger lift in a neighbourhood in Chongqing of southwest China last Friday. The boy was taking the lift on his own, as CCTV footage shows. He started weeing at the button panel from bottom to top. However, the lift went haywire and stopped working. The buttons were flashing red and failed to respond. The boy ended up stuck in the lift despite ringing the alarm bell and pressing the 'open' button. Jiangsu News reported that the urine caused a temporary electrical short-circuit. Luckily, the boy was saved and reported to be unharmed. Last August, one six-year-old boy, from east China, urinated at the control panel in a lift and caused it to short-circuit. The boy fell to the lift shaft as the door failed to close. He was in a coma for 16 days.
968095557423190026	2018-02-26 12:09:01	https://t.co/1fOJELMAoM	Maxima of the Netherlands and her daughters huddle together as they kick off their annual family ski holiday https://t.co/1fOJELMAoM	 Bitterly cold temperatures have hit the UK, but the Dutch royals also looked to be feeling the chill as they hit the slopes on their annual ski holiday in Austria. Queen Maxima and King Willem-Alexander are enjoying their traditional break with their three daughters Catharina-Amalia, Princess of Orange, 14, - who goes by Amalia, Princess Alexia of Orange-Nassau, 12, and Princess Ariane of Orange-Nassau, 10. The family huddled together for warmth as they posed for photographers on the sloes in Lech where it's currently a frosty -13°C. Queen Maxima, 46, was her usual impeccably co-ordinated self even in sportswear, rocking a purple padded ski jacket and matching trousers with an indigo patterned scarf. She completed her cosy but stylish look with a pair of tortoiseshell glasses. At one point the Queen could be seen throwing her arms around a chilly Princess Alexia, who seemed to be particularly feeling the cold. King Willem-Alexander, 50, looked every inch the doting father as he posed proudly with his four girls on the slopes. The monarch matched his eldest daughter, who will one day be Queen of The Netherlands in cheerful red ski jackets. The royal family has holidayed in Lech every year since the end of the Second World War. It was a favourite with Princess Diana, while King Abdullah and Queen Rania of Jordan are also regulars on the slopes. Princess Caroline of Monaco has a chalet in Zürs and visits every February with her daughter Princess Alexandra of Hanover. 
968092105506742272	2018-02-26 11:55:18	https://t.co/QZJM6PdV8m	Seasoning mix for KFC's 'crispy chicken' is being sold on eBay https://t.co/QZJM6PdV8m	 An eBay seller is targeting fast food fans desperate to get their hands on KFC during the chicken shortage crisis by claiming to have perfected the secret recipe. Seller Fruishion, which sells marinades and seasoning mixes online, has listed what is claiming to be the perfect blend of KFC's famous 12 herbs and spices so that addicted fried chicken lovers can make their own at home. KFC fans can buy the seasoning mix from £3.29 for a 250g bag up to £49.99 for a 20kg bag. But if you don't want to make your own, some cheeky sellers are also selling real pieces of KFC chicken on the auction website for as much as £1,999. The KFC food shortage crisis has been affecting the UK since February 16, with two-thirds of KFC branches closing due to a lack of supplies. Taking advantage of the problem as it drags on into its second week, Fruishion claims to be selling a 'breading' mix that replicates KFC's famous secret blend of herbs and spices. The listing says: 'Three delicious mouth watering chicken breadings that are full of flavour and easy to use to re-create your favourite high street fried chicken take away at home. 'Not only just great for chicken thighs, legs and wings, try with chopped or sliced chicken breast for crispy coated nuggets and goujons, or cooked potatoes and mushrooms for dipping into your favourite sauce.' KFC keeps its Original Recipe under literal lock and key, and it has been classified more highly than most state secrets since the 1940s. But in August 2016, a relative of KFC Colonel Harland Sanders published what he believes is the recipe, after finding it tucked away in family scrapbook. However, as food blogger Joanne Gould found for MailOnline, it is expensive and time-consuming to make your own KFC chicken at home. It it why some entrepreneurial eBay sellers have bought the few remaining pieces of southern fried chicken available in the UK to flog on eBay. While some are selling at the slightly inflated price of £10 for a £4.79 burger with fries, others are trying their luck by charging a lot more. Pegasusstoredirect is selling a Mighty Bucket for One Meal for £1,999 - but he does offer to deliver it by hand and re-heat it himself. Bizarrely, no-one has yet bid for the tempting offer. On Friday, KFC issued a tongue-in-cheek apology for the delivery crisis which has left thousands of chicken fans across the country unable to get their hands on their beloved bargain buckets. After being bombarded with complaints about closed stores, limited menus and burgers with no lettuce, the fast food giant decided to post a 'sorry' advert in newspapers this morning. The apology features an empty bargain bucket with the letters 'FCK' on it - an anagram of KFC. 
968090528796565505	2018-02-26 11:49:02	https://t.co/seOF7HVzGc	Bug means texts that have been 'quoted' can STILL be read even if you've deleted them https://t.co/seOF7HVzGc	 WhatsApp's 'Delete for Everyone' tool isn't quite as reliable as you might think, if a newly-discovered bug is anything to go by. Messages that have been quoted by other users can still be read on their handset, even after they've been deleted by the original sender. The revelation follows another flaw, discovered last year, that lets people recover deleted messages. Scroll down for video Dutch tech site The Next Web, who first reported the issue, noticed that quoted messages sent in group chats were still shown after they had been erased. MailOnline replicated the issue in private chats and found the same problem. While the original message disappears, replaced by the text 'This message was deleted', the same did not apply in the quoted reply. Writing on The Next Web, Dimitar Mihov said: 'We noticed that quoted messages in group chats continue to show in quotes even after they have been wiped. 'Attempting the same thing in a private chat bred the exact same results. 'It would appear that this is another instance of the classic “it’s a feature, not a bug” conundrum.' MailOnline has contacted WhatsApp for a comment, but had not received a response at the time of publication. This is not the first time that issues have been uncovered with the 'delete for everyone' feature. It was one of WhatsApp's most highly-anticipated functions when it was introduced in October 2017. In October 2017, WhatsApp introduced a new 'delete for everyone' feature, allowing users to unsend an embarrassing message within seven minutes of sending it. To delete a message, open WhatsApp and go to the chat containing the message you want to delete. Tap and hold the message, then choose Delete from the menu. Tap 'Delete for everyone' and the message will disappear. Messages you successfully delete for everyone will now be replaced with 'This message was deleted' in your recipients' chats. Similarly, if you see 'This message was deleted' in a chat, it means that the sender deleted their message for everyone. Shortly after, in November 2017, Android Jefe, a Spanish Android blog, noticed a workaround that allows Android users to view unsent messages. Whenever a notification comes in to an Android devices, it is stored in the notification log – whether or not it is subsequently deleted by the sender. While the bulk of the data in the log is technical information, the first 100 characters of the notification message are also recorded. So while users may not be able to see the message within WhatsApp after it is deleted, they can still see it in the notification log – which can be accessed in two ways. Firstly, users can create a home screen Settings widget, in which a 'Notification Registration' option will appear, according to Android Jefe. Alternatively users can download a notification history app, which displays a list of all your recent notifications. The first 100 characters of the message will appear in the line starting with 'android.text.' During MailOnline's testing, the recipient had to have read the message before it was deleted for it to appear in the Notification Log.
968088562452303872	2018-02-26 11:41:14	https://t.co/rYcQYMwiCY	Bollywood superstar Sridevi died from 'accidental drowning', forensic report shows https://t.co/rYcQYMwiCY https://t.co/1Wtha0SCXL	 This is the moment Bollywood superstar Sridevi danced with her husband for the last time as they attended her nephew's wedding in Dubai at the weekend. A few days after this footage was taken the 54-year-old was found dead in the bath at her hotel having lost consciousness and drowned. Husband and Bollywood producer Boney Kapoor was the last person to see her alive, it has been reported, after he invited her out for dinner before she went to the bathroom to freshen up. Boney had initially flown back to India after the wedding but returned to the Jumeirah Emirates Towers hotel where she was staying on Saturday. He arrived at the hotel around 5.30pm according to sources close to the family who spoke with local news outlet Khaleej Times. When he arrived he found his wife asleep, so woke her up and spoke with her for around 15 minutes. She then went to the bathroom to prepare for dinner with another 15 minutes elapsing before Boney went to check on her. After getting no response when he knocked on the door, he broke it down only to discover her unconscious at the bottom of the bath, it is reported. He tried to revive her before calling for paramedics, who arrived around 9pm, when she was pronounced dead, the Times says. Sridevi had attended the wedding alongside Boney and their youngest daughter Khushi, who posed for pictures with her mother shortly before she died. Their eldest daughter, Jhanvi, was in Mumbai shooting for a film at the time as she prepared to make her own Bollywood debut. Officers are still trying to piece together the events that led up to her death and establish who was with her when she died, Gulf News reported. Her death was previously reported to be from cardiac arrest. The case has now been passed to prosecutors for standard legal checks before an order to hand the body over to her relatives can be made. The remains were due to be flown back to Mumbai on Monday though they remained in Dubai overnight as the checks were carried out. Hundreds of fans had gathered outside her Mumbai home hoping to catch a final glimpse of her casket as it arrived back in the country. 'We want to see her one last time,' said 48-year-old Laxmi Subbaramaiah outside Sridevi's house in the Andheri area of Mumbai - the heartland of Bollywood film. 'All of my family members are big fans and we cried when we heard the news. We will wait here until her body comes back,' he said. Vishal More, 23, said he had travelled seven hours from Jalgaon district, around 400 kilometres away from Mumbai, to bid farewell to his favourite actress. 'I've been waiting all morning to catch a last glimpse of Sridevi. I have watched all of her movies. She is such an inspiration,' he said. Sridevi's death has prompted an outpouring of grief in India from fans and fellow actors as well as condolences from Prime Minister Narendra Modi. 'I have always been a huge fan of her work. Equally I have been an admirer of the grace and dignity with which she conducted herself,' actor Aamir Khan wrote on Twitter. 'I join all the millions of her fans in mourning her demise. Ma'am we will always remember you with love and respect,' he added. Fellow actor Ranveer Singh tweeted that he was 'shocked and saddened to hear about the untimely demise of one of Hindi cinema's greatest superstars'. Actress Alia Bhatt posted on Twitter: 'Nothing makes sense. I have no words.. just completely shocked. RIP Sri Devi. My icon forever. Love you.' Sridevi, born Shree Amma Yanger Ayappan in the southern state of Tamil Nadu, appeared in around 300 films and was awarded the Padma Shri, India's fourth highest civilian award, for services to the movie industry. She made her acting debut at the age of four and her career spanned more than four decades. Sridevi worked in India's regional Tamil, Telugu and Malayalam-language films before making her Bollywood debut in 1979. She became a national icon with a string of blockbuster films including 'Chandni', 'Mr India', 'Mawali' ('Scoundrel') and 'Tohfa' ('Gift'). Sridevi famously took a 15-year-break from the silver screen after marrying film producer Boney Kapoor but returned in the 2012 hit comedy-drama 'English Vinglish'. Her most recent film was last year's 'Mom'. She was set to see Jhanvi, the eldest of her two daughters, make her Bollywood debut. Sridevi's fellow Bollywood stars were joined by celebrities from around the world in paying tribute to her after her death was announced. Priyanka Chopra was among the first to pay tribute to the icon, writing on Twitter: 'I have no words. Condolences to everyone who loved #Sridevi. A dark day . RIP'. India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi also paid tribute to the star, saying he was 'saddened by the untimely demise' Sridevi rose to fame after starring in 1983 Bollywood hit Himmatwala, appearing in over 100 movies during the course of her astonishing career. She is survived by her producer husband Boney Kapoor and their daughters Jhanvi, 20, and Khushi, 17. The mother-of-two had no history of heart disease, according to her brother-in-law and actor Sanjay Kapoor. Following the news of her death, Prime Minister Modi said in a statement: 'Saddened by the untimely demise of noted actor Sridevi. 'She was a veteran of the film industry, whose long career included diverse roles and memorable performances. 'My thoughts are with her family and admirers in this hour of grief. May her soul rest in peace.' Actor Aamir Khan also tweeted: 'I am deeply disturbed and saddened by the untimely and tragic passing away of Sridevi. 'I have always been a huge fan of her work. Equally I have always been an admirer of the grace and dignity with which she conducted herself. 'My heartfelt condolences to everyone in the family. I join all the millions of her fans in mourning her demise. Ma'am, we will always remember you with love and respect.' Following her tribute, Priyanka also tweeted a quote from Yeh Lamhe Yeh Pal, a song from a 1991 Bollywood movie starring Sridevi opposite her future brother-in-law Anil Kapoor. Born as Shree Amma Yanger Ayyapa in the state of Tamil Nadu, Sridevi began acting in south Indian cinema at the age of four. She then moved into Bollywood, where she rocketed to stardom by way of the 1983 film Himmatwala. The belle époque of her career was the 1980s and 1990s, during which her releases included the superhero movie Mr India, the separated-at-birth comedy ChaalBaaz, the revenge fantasy Nagina and the romantic triangle drama Tohfa. 1969 - Sridevi starred in her first film Thunaivan at the age of just four 1976 - She starred in her first adult role aged 13 in south Indian film Moondru Mudichu 1979 - The actress starred in her first Hindi film, Solva Sawan 1983 - She shot to stardom with her role in comedy drama Himmatwala 1984 to 1997 - Sridevi continued starring in a number of commercially successful films, including Chandni 2004 - She starred on TV sitcom Malini Iyer 2012 - Sridevi launched her comeback with hit film English Vinglish 2017 - Her last film to be released was thriller Mom Her incredible film career saw her work in Hindi, Tamil, Telugu, Kannada and Malayalam, and in 2013 she was fêted with the Padma Shri, the fourth highest of the civilian honours granted by the Government Of India. Sridevi was in her heyday a massive box office draw, in addition to which she won five Filmfare Awards, the Hindi movie industry's answer to the Oscars. She allegedly began her affair with producer Boney Kapoor while he was still with his first wife Mona, as Mona recounted to DNA India more than a decade later. Mona, the late mother of Boney's Bollywood star son Arjun Kapoor, claimed that by the end of her marriage 'there was nothing left in the relationship to give it a chance because Sridevi was already with a child.' After marrying Boney herself in 1996, Sridevi got another Filmfare nod for her performance in 1997's Judaai before withdrawing from the movies. A 15-year big screen hiatus followed, during which she and Boney brought up two daughters - Jhanvi, 20, and Khushi, 17. The time eventually came when Sridevi itched to return to films, and she launched her comeback with the 2012 hit English Vinglish, which India submitted unsuccessfully to the Oscars. Her last film release was the 2017 thriller Mom, which was reported to be her 300th motion picture, and of which the Times Of India rhapsodized that 'Sri demonstrates why she is the high-priestess of desi cinema.' Khushi appeared in several of Sridevi's Instagram posts documenting the wedding functions during the actress' final trip to Dubai. She and Boney are said to have been with Sridevi at the time of her death, per the BBC. Tributes poured in from Bollywood figures including Akshay Kumar, who co-starred with Sridevi in 2004's Meri Biwi Ka Jawaab Nahin and tweeted Saturday: 'Shocked beyond words to hear about the sad and untimely demise of #Sridevi. 'A dream for many, had the good fortune of sharing screen space with her long ago and witnessed her continued grace over the years. Thoughts and prayers with the family. RIP'. Parineeti Chopra, who's playing opposite Arjun in the forthcoming Namastey England, wrote: 'CANNOT believe this. I have no words. Rip Sridevi ma'am. You were the most beautiful. Strength to Boney uncle, jahnvi, khushi and the whole family.' Anupam Kher, having acted alongside Sridevi in over 10 films, aded: 'SHOCKING. JOLTED. Am I having a horrible dream. Sridevi no more? 'This is SO SO SAD. AND SO SO NOT FAIR. One of the most brilliant, elegant and talented actresses ever. The queen of Indian cinema. And a friend. Worked with her in so many movies. So many amazing memories.....' Sridevi Kapoor was born Shree Amma Yanger Ayyapan in present-day Tamil Nadu state, southern India, in 1963. She landed her first acting role aged just four in M. A. Thirumugam's film Thunaivan playing a young Lord Muruga, the Hindu war god. Her first Bollywood role came at the age of 12 in Julie, in which she played Irene, the younger sister of the titular character. By 1979 she was ready to take on her first leading Bollywood role in Hindi film Solva Sawan, where she plays a 16-year-old aspiring teacher named Mehna. But it was in 1983 that she broke the big time with comedy Himmatwala in which she played the female lead as Rekha Bandookwala. From there Sridevi went on to star in the most popular Bollywood films of the Eighties and Nineties, establishing herself as the industry's first female superstar in the process. Her films were also among the most commercially successful, and at the peak of her fame she earned more than $2million per year, according to the Free Press Journal. In 1996 she married producer Boney Kapoor after he divorced his first wife Mona Shourie the same year. After 1997 film Judaai hit cinemas, Sridevi announced she would be taking a break in order to start a family with her new husband. The pair had two daughters in the following years with Jhanvi the first to arrive in March 1997, followed by Khushi, who was born in November 2000. After a six-year hiatus she returned to the small screen, starring in a series of sitcoms and appearing as a judge on TV talent shows. 2011 marked her return to cinema in English Vinglish which premiered at the Toronto Film Festival. Her most recent film role was in 2017 thriller Mom, which was produced by her husband, and sees her play a vigilante who sets out to avenge her daughter. She will also appear in Shahrukh Khan's upcoming film Zero, where she makes a small cameo as herself, but was not shooting any other films at the time of her death. In total she starred in more than 300 films over a career which spanned five decades. Despite her high public profile, Sridevi was known as an intensely private person who felt huge pressure to appear perfect, Gulf News reports. She fiercely denied undergoing cosmetic procedures to appear youthful, the paper writes, though her looks changed significantly over the years. She spent much of her later life at her bungalow in Andheri in the west of Mumbai with her husband, one of four properties she owned. The pair also had a flee of luxury cars, including a Porshe Cayenne, Bentleys and Audis. The couple were worth an estimated $35million when she died. 
968087452391964672	2018-02-26 11:36:49	https://t.co/oZEm8yWEwL	North Korean cheerleaders return to Pyongyang amid claims they are used as SEX SLAVES for Kim Jong-un's top aides https://t.co/oZEm8yWEwL	 North Korea's cheerleaders have returned to Pyongyang amid claims they are forced to have sex with Kim Jong-un's top aides. The 230-strong, all-female cheering squad could be seen in the stands during the Winter Olympics in PyeongChang as they backed the country's small contingent of athletes. But while Kim Jong-un's 'army of beauties' proved a high profile addition to the Games, defectors have claimed that the women are used as sex slaves in their homeland. Photos show the squad being transported by bus towards the border between the two Koreas. Their deployment at the sports extravaganza was labelled as a 'charm offensive' in order to deter the international community's concerns over its nuclear testing. But yesterday, defectors claimed that the cheerleaders are made to provide sexual services for the Workers' Party of Korea, the communist political party that every North Korean citizen is expected to show allegiance to. It has been said that these women are under constant surveillance and are forbidden from interacting with anyone other than their male minders, moving from event, to dining room and into bed, always two-by-two. One North Korean defector Kim Hyung-soo, 54, told Bloomberg: 'In one word, athletes are Kim Jong Un’s sports "slaves". 'Even the coaches are slaves to Kim Jong Un, and to the North Korean regime. Because in North Korea, Kim Jong Un and the regime is the entire world. The athletes and the cheerleaders, too. 'They select people who are unlikely to defect, and people with loyal backgrounds.' Lee So-yeon, 42, another defector who spoke to Bloomberg said: 'North Korea’s art troupe came here [South Korea] and performed with dances and songs, and it might seem like a fancy show on the outside. 'However, they also have to go to parties and provide sexual services, that sort of pain also follows. 'They go to the central Politburo party’s events [WPK], and have to sleep with the people there, even if they don’t want it. 'Those sorts of human-rights infringements take place, where women have to follow what they are told to do with their bodies.' The troupe had been seen in some circles as a propaganda victory. MailOnline's reporter in Pyeongchang was hustled away after approaching one of the cheerleader's body guards at the Kwandong Hockey Centre. A masked security operative said: 'Move on, move on. You must go now.' The North Korea regime was in breach of Olympics rules allowing reporters to speak to officials freely at venues. The International Olympic Committee, for its part, has been complicit in allowing this type of propaganda but also with the knowledge of the lack of freedom given to the cheerleaders.
968085500954324993	2018-02-26 11:29:04	https://t.co/r3WILraeKY	Torrential rain in Brazil submerges hiking trail to create an eerily stunning underwater scene https://t.co/r3WILraeKY	 Breathtaking footage shows a submerged hiking trail in Brazil, which was transformed into a colourful underwater world after days of heavy rain. The video, shot at Recanto Ecologico Rio da Prata reserve close to the southwestern town of Bonito, shows walkways, bridges, and rainforest drowned in several feet of crystal clear water. At first it is hard to see that the cameraman - reserve worker Waldemilson Vera - is underwater, but when he tilts the lens towards the water's surface it becomes clear that he is swimming and not walking along while filming. Scroll down for video The 33-second-long clip was filmed on February 2 at the time when Brazil was battered by non-stop downpours. In January, authorities south of the country reported two people died and more than 1,700 were forced to flee their homes amid heavy rain. In February the storms continued, with rain and high winds leaving four dead in Rio de Janeiro. The city received more rain in an hour than it would normally receive throughout February. But unlike most murky floodwater, the waters seen at the Recanto Ecologico Rio da Prata appear crystal clear. This is due to the fact that the area is home to some of the best waters for snorkelling with great visibility and it appears the storms didn't kick up any debris. To date the piece of footage has been viewed almost two million times since it was uploaded online on February 19. Many viewers have commented on the surreal nature of the scene. Indeed, Soulfully wrote: 'Wow I love how beautiful and suspended in time everything looks being underwater with the light peeking in. Looks like a whole other world.' And Tofu Platter added: 'Wow this looks like a video game. Probably some of the coolest footage I've seen in my entire life.' In a caption accompanying the video, the park said the flooding did not last long. 'This was a rare episode, and by the end of the day, the river had returned to its normal level.' 
968082128243167232	2018-02-26 11:15:40	https://t.co/gEX3418obr	Drunk father forces his son's fiancée to MAKE OUT with him in front of shocked groom at the young couple's wedding https://t.co/gEX3418obr	 This is the shocking moment when a drunk father forcefully smooches his daughter-in-law in front of his son and dozens of guests at a wedding reception in east China. Footage uploaded online shows the man walking the bride to the front of the stage before grabbing her from the back and kissing her on the lips. The family posted a note online three days after the incident, explaining that the father expressed regret for his inappropriate behaviour, according to Chinese media. A wedding host, who refused to be named, has confirmed to FaZhi Evening Post that the incident took place at Wuzhou International Plaza in Yancheng of Jiangsu Province, on February 22. 'I was introducing the bride as they were walking on the stage and the father kissed his new daughter-in-law suddenly,' the host said. The 8-second clip captures the father, said to be drunk, taking his new daughter-in-law, who was dressing in a Chinese traditional wedding gown, up the stage and suddenly kissing on her. Dozens of guests and the groom were shocked as the host was introducing the bride as 'an elegant lady'. There were rumours circulating on WeChat, a Chinese instant messaging app, claiming 'the son had beaten up his father' and 'the father committed suicide' after the incident. Similar wedding videos were uploaded to Chinese social media where web users claiming that the two families were fighting after the kissing. A relative of the groom told the reporter that the brawl videos were not related to the incident. Jiangsu Police had investigated into the matter and confirmed the wedding brawl video took place in Huai'an, another city of Jiangsu Province, on February 15. The couple's family posted to ask web users to stop spreading rumours.
968080467378561024	2018-02-26 11:09:04	https://t.co/CgT7jmuvQT	Touchscreen generation of children ‘don’t have the STRENGTH to grip a pencil’ https://t.co/CgT7jmuvQT	 Toddlers are struggling to grip pencils as their excessive use of touchscreens leaves the muscles in their hands too weak, specialists have warned. Paediatricians have joined orthopaedic therapist and handwriting experts to warn of children damaging their dexterity by overuse of touchscreen phones and tablets, leading to a lack of agility in their hand by the time they start school and are taught to write. Previous generations spent their early years practising more traditional skills such as arts and crafts which boosts fine motor skills. As children are using their hands less to hold paintbrushes, scissors, and crayons and aren't using more traditional toys like playdough the muscles in their shoulder, elbow and wrist do not develop properly. 'Children coming into school are being given a pencil but are increasingly not be able to hold it because they don't have the fundamental movement skills. 'It's easier to give a child an iPad than encouraging them to do muscle-building play such as building blocks,' said Sally Payne, of the Heart of England NHS Foundation Trust 'They're not developing the skills they need to grip and hold a pencil' she told the Guardian. The National Handwriting Association (NHA) also warned that the overuse of touchscreens is stifling muscle development of toddlers leading to worse handwriting skills. A recent study found that 58 per cent of under twos had used a tablet of mobile phone. Many nurseries have also installed interactive 'smartboards', as well as touch-screen computers to help children hone in their digital skills from an early age. Teachers have also warned of children's declining dexterity. Bob Drew, headteacher of Gearies Infant School in Redbridge, East London warned of his pupils struggling with upper body strength in 2015. Mr Drew, who has led the school for almost 20 years and has advised the government on education, said children did not appear to be as active in the internet age. He said the problem has become noticeable in the last two years and too many parents are giving their children electronic devices to play with instead of letting them run around. Mellissa Prunty, a paediatric occupational therapist and vice-chair of the NHA said: 'The risk is that we make too many assumptions about why a child isn't able to write at the expected age and don't intervene when there is a technology-related cause'. The Association of Teachers and Lecturers warned in 2014 that there was an increase in the numbers of children unable to perform simple tasks such as using building blocks due to weak hands. Karin Bishop, an assistant director at the Royal College of Occupational Therapists, added: 'Whilst there are many positive aspects to the use of technology, there is growing evidence on the impact of more sedentary lifestyles and increasing virtual social interaction, as children spend more time indoors online and less time physically participating in active occupations.' 
968080467210719232	2018-02-26 11:09:04	https://t.co/SJ6GfgNXjQ	Online gallery reveals the hilarious things people have spotted in LIBRARIES https://t.co/SJ6GfgNXjQ	 Libraries are usually quiet places where you can escape from everyday life and emerge into a good book. However, a gallery of hilarious images, shared on Bored Panda, featuring questionably sarcastic signs, unusual displays and librarians convinced they are storybook characters, prove otherwise. One person was confused to find the book self checkout machine had been replaced with a mirror for a literal 'self' check out. Others were greeted with humorous signs reinforcing library rules...
968077749276594176	2018-02-26 10:58:16	https://t.co/0WGkZ08Vp9	Flexible thief, 34, dubbed the 'Butt Crack Babe' squeezes INSIDE claw machine as she steals seven stuffed toys https://t.co/0WGkZ08Vp9	 This is the bizarre moment a crafty woman squeezes inside a claw machine and steals stuffed toys. The agile thief dubbed the 'Buttcrack Babe' climbed into the tiny chute and made away with seven soft toys. The 34-year-old, who is known as Tsai, claimed to have been frustrated after that she couldn't win a single toy during her visit to the city of Taichung in West Taiwan. She has since been arrested after being identified on CCTV. Footage shows Tsai grabbing a broom and sticking it into the dispenser so she can pull the machine's soft toys closer to the flap. She then reaches into the machine and squeeze her upper body through the 10-inch opening to grab the toys. She stole seven toys in between 30 minutes an hour, the Taichung City Police Department said. While in custody, Tsai told the authorities that she had taken sleeping pills and other medication - and that she had 'no recollection' of her actions. The toys, the woman claimed, had been given to children living in her neighbourhood. Tsai faces theft charges, with the investigation still ongoing.
968075445353746432	2018-02-26 10:49:06	https://t.co/BzG6dowtyF	German prince falls to his death from roof of 21-storey hotel after being allowed out of prisonhttps://t.co/BzG6dowtyF	 A disgraced relative of the last Kaiser of Imperial Germany has killed himself in a suicide plunge from the roof of a luxury hotel. Carlos Patrick Godehard, Prince of Hohenzollern, 39, fell from the 21st floor roof terrace of the Intercontinental Hotel in Frankfurt. He had been allowed out of the jail where he was serving a four year sentence for swindling at the weekend when he apparently took his own life. Police have ruled out an accident and no other suspects are being sought. The prince was serving his sentence at Euskirchen and was due to be released in July. He was allowed out of jail as part of the preparations for freedom and drove the 200 miles to Frankfurt on Friday morning. His body was found on the same day at 2.40pm. He died instantly. His father was the famous art collector, Godehard Prince of Hohenzollern. Prince Carlos, born in Munich, later grew up in the castle 'Burg Namedy' in Andernach and inherited a multi-million pound fortune. When he was 28 he went into partnership with a businessman to set up Hohenzollern Communications in Hamburg. The company aimed to promote luxury brands in Germany. At that time the Prince explained: 'To indulge in a certain luxury – irrespective of the level of income – is an opposite to the daily worries.' But the fortune was frittered away and the prince fell into criminality. In 2011 he was sentenced to four months probation for not paying an outstanding bill to as creditor and in 2014 to four years for dealing in multi-million pound investment funds which did not exist. The Hohenzollerns rule of Germany officially came to an end at the end of World War One.
968073159181328389	2018-02-26 10:40:01	https://t.co/6UASv41C5G	Carer, 20, who transforms herself into a human DOLL every day says her extreme look takes just 20 minutes https://t.co/6UASv41C5G	 This Tim Burton fan works as a carer for the elderly by day, and transforms herself into a human doll at night. Despite her child-like appearance, Lucia, from Sweden, is 20-years-old, and has been cultivating her look since falling in love with Burton's gothic movies as a teenager. She said collecting gothic dolls triggered her own 'emo phase', which saw her cut off her hair and dye it black, before developing the girlier, doll-like appearance she favours today. Lucia, who wears eye-enhancing contact lenses but hasn't had surgery, says her look often attracts criticism in public and online - where she shares snaps of her outfits on Instagram - but insists her cosplay hobby isn't a 'weird, sexual thing', and says it has helped her to find herself. It wasn't until she was 15 that Lucia began replicating Japanese street fashion, two years after she first developed an interest in it after discovering Japanese magazines. 'It was a lot easier, since people had already gotten used to me looking weird in my emo phase, and it wasn't a big deal that I now looked a different kind of weird,' Lucia said. 'I've always liked girly and cute stuff but there was a time in my life I thought that was childish and I thought I wasn't even allowed to like the colour pink and be girly. 'I'm glad I got over it and realised there's nothing wrong with it and it does not make you weak to like cute things. 'Right now, I mostly work and it's not very special; I wake up, wash my face, eat breakfast, go to work, come home, have dinner. 'In the evening I usually, watch a series, play games and talk with my boyfriend since we have a long-distance relationship. 'If I don't work I like to dress up, do my makeup, and take a lot of pictures to upload on my social media. 'My fashion style is something I've developed over years. I guess you can say it started after my 'emo phase' when I was 15 but I looked completely different at that time. 'I was first inspired by a Japanese style called fairy kei, but I soon grew out of it and got more and more inspired by other Japanese styles like 'roma gyaru' and 'himekaji'. 'I have created this look by developing my make-up style, using eye enlarging lenses and wearing cute clothes. I haven't had any surgery or anything like that.' Lucia doesn't always receive praise for her look and she has had strangers stare at her and make 'rude' comments on her social media. 'I get a lot of stares when I go out all dolled up but I've gotten used to it. Some people have been rude by pointing and laughing, or people thinking my fashion is some weird sexual thing or something,' she said. 'But mostly, I get positive comments from people telling me I look cute but I know not everyone will like the way I look and I respect that as long as they keep it to themselves. 'The sweetest reaction is when children point at me and tell their parents that I "look like a princess". I do feel like it has helped me find myself and what I like instead of just trying to fit in. 'I can do a simple version in twenty minutes for school but if I have time I usually give it over an hour. Sadly, I often prioritise sleep. 'I just try to take care of my skin every day since it's very sensitive, otherwise that's it. In the future, I'd like to be able to cosplay more since it's my hobby. 'When I first got into cute and dolly fashion I was really inspired by Japanese fashion magazines like Egg and Popteen. That's how found out about the fashion. 'Now I get a lot of inspiration by other amazing cute girls just scrolling through social media. 'My message to you is to try new things and do what you like. People will judge you no matter what and you'll be better off handling it by doing something you love.' 
968069436333846529	2018-02-26 10:25:14	https://t.co/HdEEmsD6cg	The tiny victims of Assad's new 'gas attacks' https://t.co/HdEEmsD6cg	 Horrifying pictures have emerged showing young victims of an alleged chemical attack on a rebel-held village in Syria. A rescuer is shown cradling a little boy in his arms after the child was killed during airstrikes on al-Shifuniyah in Syria's Eastern Ghouta. Medics say the youngster was poisoned to death in a gas attack as dictator Bashar al-Assad's forces continue their deadly assault on the region. Shocking photos also show children and babies gasping for air and using breathing apparatus at a make-shift hospital. It comes as the UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said it was 'high time to stop this hell on earth', calling for implementation of a 30-day ceasefire. At least 13 people showed symptoms following intense regime bombardment, said the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and a medic who treated those affected. The Syrian American Medical Society, which supports a hospital in the besieged area, posted pictures on Twitter of small children using breathing apparatus. 'We confirm that 16 patients, including 6 children and 4 women, suffering from symptoms indicative to exposure to chemical compounds were treated' at the facility, it said. Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu says President Vladimir Putin has ordered daily 'humanitarian pauses' in the rebel-held area. Shoigu said in a statement on Monday that the cease-fire will be arranged for the suburb of the capital Damascus between 9am and 2pm every day starting Tuesday. He also said Russia will help set an evacuation route for civilians in the area. The announcement comes two days after the UN Security Council unanimously approved of a resolution demanding a 30-day cease-fire across Syria. Eastern Ghouta has been under intensive bombing by government forces for weeks and at least 10 people have been killed on Monday as airstrikes and bombing resumed, according to local activists. The Syrian government has consistently denied using chemical weapons in the war, which will soon enter its eighth year having killed hundreds of thousands of people and forced half of Syria's pre-war population of about 23 million from their homes Russia, which has backed Assad since 2015, said on Sunday that militants in the area were preparing a 'provocation' involving the use of chemical agents. According to Tass, the militants were planning to blame the attack on the regime. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Monday the situation in Syria's Eastern Ghouta was highly alarming and militants there were using local civilians as hostages. 'The terrorists are not laying down their weapons, they are holding the local population as hostages, this is the main cause of a very tense situation,' he told a conference call with reporters. Desperate civilians trapped in one of the most ferocious assaults of Syria's civil war awaited aid and medical help toda yafter regime air strikes pounded rebel-held areas despite UN ceasefire demands. More than 500 people have been killed in a major bombing campaign by President Bashar al-Assad's forces that has hammered the enclave on the edge of Damascus for over a week. After days of diplomatic wrangling, the United Nations Security Council on Saturday adopted a resolution calling for a 30-day ceasefire in Syria 'without delay' to allow for aid deliveries and medical evacuations. The resolution raised hopes of stemming the bloodshed, but after clashes continued on Sunday it was unclear when or how broadly the ceasefire would be implemented. Russia is a key ally of Assad's regime. In a phone call on Sunday, German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron urged President Vladimir Putin to use his influence to reach a truce. They called on Russia 'to exercise maximum pressure on the Syrian regime to achieve an immediate suspension of air raids and fighting,' Merkel's office said. In Douma, the main town in Eastern Ghouta, fresh air raids and artillery strikes could be heard Sunday, an AFP correspondent said. At least 14 civilians including three children were killed in strikes on Sunday, said the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitor, bringing the total number of dead in the week to 530, among them over 130 children. An aid worker in Douma, quoted by British charity Save the Children, said a brief pause in bombing had prompted people to emerge after a week sheltering in basements. 'Some people had no food to eat for two or three days,' the unnamed aid worker said. Observatory chief Rami Abdel Rahman said there appeared be fewer air strikes but that fighting had intensified on the ground. Heavy clashes erupted in southern areas of Eastern Ghouta, killing at least 13 members of pro-regime forces and six fighters from the Jaish al-Islam rebel group, he said. The Britain-based group uses a network of sources across Syria to monitor the country's conflict. Mohamed Alloush, a key figure in Jaish al-Islam, tweeted that the rebels were 'resisting' bids by regime forces to enter the region. Eastern Ghouta, home to some 400,000 people, is surrounded by government-controlled territory and its residents are unwilling or unable to flee. The two main rebel groups controlling the enclave - Jaish al-Islam and Faylaq al-Rahman - welcomed the Security Council demand, but vowed to fight back if there were renewed attacks. UN diplomats say the resolution was watered down to ensure it was not vetoed by Russia, which has provided diplomatic and military support to Assad's regime. Language specifying that the ceasefire would start 72 hours after adoption was scrapped and the term 'immediate' was dropped in reference to aid deliveries and evacuations. In another concession, the ceasefire would not apply to operations against the Islamic State group or Al-Qaeda, along with 'individuals, groups, undertakings and entities' associated with the groups. Syria's former Al-Qaeda affiliate is present in Eastern Ghouta. The head of the army in Iran, another key Assad ally, said the Syrian military would continue to target 'terrorist groups' in Eastern Ghouta. Assad's regime and its allies routinely describe all opposition forces as 'terrorists'. 'The zones on the periphery of Damascus... are not covered by the ceasefire and the offensives and clearing operations by the Syrian army will continue,' said Mohammad Bagheri, according to the official IRNA news agency. UN chief Antonio Guterres, who has described Eastern Ghouta under the bombardment as 'hell on Earth,' said the ceasefire must be 'immediately' implemented. In the enclave, news of the UN vote made little impact. 'I don't think this decision will be implemented. It will be respected neither by the regime nor Russia,' said Douma resident Abu Mazen. 'We can't trust Russia or the regime. We are used to their betrayals.' Rebels in Eastern Ghouta have also been firing into Damascus. Around 20 people have been killed in eastern districts of the capital since February 18, according to state media. A total of more than 340,000 people have been killed and millions driven from the homes in Syria's war, which next month enters its eighth year with no diplomatic solution in sight. 
968065366265131010	2018-02-26 10:09:03	https://t.co/5MsKAsA5t1	Sony unveils its full-screen Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact smartphones with world’s first 4K HDR video recording https://t.co/5MsKAsA5t1	 Sony is turning its focus to 4K high-definition video recording in its new Xperia XZ2 smartphones. The Japanese firm is hoping that its advanced imaging system will help the handset to stand out from rivals that have caught up in camera technology. In a world first it will record video in 4K HDR, a quality previously only available in top-of-the-range camcorders. The XZ2 and XZ2 Compact, which also feature vibrating feedback, will go on sale globally from next month. Scroll down for video Unwrapped at Barcelona's Mobile World Congress this morning, the XZ2 features Corning Gorilla Glass 5 on both the front and back. It also has a longer 18:9 aspect ratio display, which reduces the size of the bezels on the front of the handset. This ratio size, which means that the screen is twice as long as it is tall, is a widescreen format commonly used in professional cinematography. An official price is yet to be confirmed. The XZ1 launched at £599 ($699) and the XZ1 Compact at £499 ($599) and this year's model is likely to be around the same mark, if not slightly higher. 'If entertainment is your priority, then our new Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact are your smartphones,' said Hideyuki Furumi, the firm's executive vice president of global sales and marketing, speaking at MWC. 'From what's inside - world-class technology, to a new sleek, sophisticated design, these smartphones are everything you need and probably a lot more. 'We have pushed Sony's boundaries even further with our new products for movie recording, viewing, and music listening - offering entertainment to the extreme.' The XZ2's Motion Eye camera includes super slow-motion film capture in 1080p high definition resolution, introduced by Sony in its XZ Premium last year. XZ2 Display: 5.7", 18:9 Full HD+ (1080 x 2160) HDR display Processor: Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 Memory and storage: 4GB RAM, 64GB internal memory, microSDXC support up to 400GB Camera: 19MP Motion Eye camera, 960 fps super slow motion Full HD video 5MP front camera Battery: 3,180 mAh Operating system: Android 8.0 Oreo SIM capability: Nano Sim, single and dual Weight: 198g (7oz) Dimensions: 153 x 72 x 11.1 mm (6" x 2.8" x 0.4") Colours: Liquid black, liquid silver, deep green, ash pink XZ2 Compact Display: 5", 18:9 Full HD+ (1080 x 2160) HDR display Processor: Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 Memory and storage: 4GB RAM, 64GB internal memory, microSDXC support up to 400GB Camera: 19MP Motion Eye camera, 960 fps super slow motion Full HD video 5MP front camera Battery: 3,180 mAh Operating system: Android 8.0 Oreo SIM capability: Nano Sim, single and dual Weight: 168g (6oz) Dimensions: 135 x 65 x 12.1 mm (5.3" x 2.6" x 0.5") Colours: White silver, black, moss green and coral pink This was a market first that was copied by Korean rival Samsung in its Galaxy 9, unveiled on Sunday. Sony's device can also upscale standard dynamic range (SDR) video to near HDR quality video, using technology developed with engineers working on the company's Bravia televisions. HDR helps to improve contrast, making blacks appear blacker and colours appear brighter. Both the XZ2 and its smaller stablemate, the XZ2 Compact, will be powered by a Snapdragon 845 chip. They will be 5G compatible, capable of transferring data at 1.2 GB/s , and will feature fast wireless charging. The XZ2 will have a 5.7” display with HDR and the smaller XZ2 Compact will have a 5" display. Both handsets use Sony’s brand new Dynamic Vibration System. This analyses audio data and lets you feel the action in your hands, bringing your movies, games and videos to life. This is a feature that will be familiar to anyone who has used a dual shock controller for the firm's PlayStation games console. The XZ2 will be available in four colours with a smooth frosted finish: liquid black, liquid silver, deep green, ash pink The Compact will be available in white silver, black, moss green and coral pink. While Sony has won plaudits for technical innovations, its sales have declined and it is adrift of the top-10 vendors. It sold four million units in the quarter to end-December, down from 5.1 million a year ago, according to results published earlier this month. Analyst Ben Wood at CCS Insight said Sony, at last, had a competitive design to match the market leading specifications it had on previous flagship models. 'It will be ruing a missed opportunity in 2017 given it beat rivals such as Samsung by a full year when it comes to features such as super-slow-mo video capture,' he said. 'In the end, Sony was held back by a design with an uncompetitively large bezel which was out of step with rival products.' However, he said Sony faced the same up-hill challenge as most smartphone makers in standing out in the market. 'Taking on Apple and Samsung requires eye-watering investment that rivals such as Sony, HTC, LG and others are always going to struggle with,' he added. 
968060328931217408	2018-02-26 09:49:02	https://t.co/gcD5TJqwuB	People reveal the VERY awkward run-ins with their exes https://t.co/gcD5TJqwuB	 Avoiding an ex isn't always possible - usually resulting in awkward exchanges. With this in mind, people have taken to Whisper to share the cringe-worthy encounters they experienced with their former flames. One particularly unfortunate woman was left red-faced when she pretended to text so frantically to avoid her ex boyfriend's gaze, that she walked into a post. Another woman was horrified when she ran into her ex boyfriend and the girl he cheated on her with while house hunting. We take a look at the embarrassing, hilarious and downright cringe-worthy ex encounters.... 
968058061884743680	2018-02-26 09:40:02	https://t.co/EAHrVsJBBf	Rare blanket of snow covers ROME https://t.co/EAHrVsJBBf	 A rare snowstorm brought Rome its first snowfall in six years and disrupted transport, shut down schools and prompted authorities to call in the army to help clear the streets. Residents woke to a city blanketed in snow as chilling winds from Siberia swept across Europe, bringing freezing temperatures that have claimed at least four lives. The Italian capital's first snowfall since February 2012 saw about three to four centimetres settling on the ground on Sunday. Schools were closed in the city on Monday as local authorities opened several train stations as emergency shelters for the homeless. British and American students were captured on camera as they took part in a snowball fight, singing their respective national anthems as they pelted each other with snowballs in St. Peters Square in the Vatican. It was zero degrees Celsius (32 degrees Fahrenheit) in Rome on Monday morning, with a low of minus six Celsius forecast until Wednesday - but no more snow is forecast. The 'Beast from the East', as the phenomenon has been dubbed, is expected to bring cold air from Russia over the next few days that will make it feel even chillier than thermometers indicate. Rome's Mediterranean climate and proximity to the sea usually result in mild winters, such that restaurants often keep outdoor seating open even through the coldest months of the year. Therefore, Monday morning's snowfall - though not huge in quantity - brought excited young Romans out for a rare snowball fight or walk in the slush. The city, which is not equipped to deal with snow emergencies due to their rarity, asked other areas to send in snow ploughs to help clear roads. Then, Italy's civil protection agency decided to send in the army to clear snow-clogged streets in Rome after the Arctic storm paralysed the capital with just a few inches of snow. RAI state radio also announced that the civil protection agency was rounding up its volunteer corps on Monday to help commuters stranded at railway stations. Schools were ordered closed in the Italian capital, where many people could not reach their places of work. Police asked residents to stay at home if possible. Mayor Virginia Raggi had signed an ordinance on Sunday evening closing public schools as a precaution, and many private ones followed suit. Only one runway was operating at Rome's main airport, Fiumicino. The Italian capital's second airport, Ciampino, was closed overnight and workers were clearing a runway to allow it to reopen on Monday morning. Italian aviation officials said Ryanair, which uses Ciampino as it Italian hub, had decided to cancel all flights to and from the airport. But they said most of Italy's other main airports were open despite delays to some flights. Piazza Venezia, Rome's central square which is usually a cacophony of car horns and a tangle of traffic, was eerily empty, quiet and white as dawn broke. Parks which usually stay green throughout the winter were blanketed with snow, giving eager sledgers rare snow runs. In St. Peter's Square in the Vatican, priests and seminarians threw snowballs at each other. Even the Circo Massimo became a hotspot for snowball fights, while the Piazza Navona, with its famed Bernini fountains, turned into a snow-dusted winter wonderland. Elsewhere in much of northern and central Italy, the storm also closed schools and disrupted transport. 
968055294847782913	2018-02-26 09:29:02	https://t.co/mhqpgC893I	Eating fruits, vegetables and whole grains slashes depression risk by more than 10% https://t.co/mhqpgC893I	 Eating fruits, vegetables and whole grains slashes people's risk of depression by more than 10 percent, new research suggests. Following the so-called 'DASH diet' reduces people's likelihood of developing the mental-health disorder by up to 11 percent, a US study found. Those who eat a typical Western diet, which is rich in processed foods and sugar, are more at risk of suffering depression, the research adds. Researchers add further studies are required to determine the association between diet and mental health, but add simple lifestyle changes may be preferred over medication to control such conditions. Previous research suggests eating lots of fresh produce benefits people's mental health by improving their moods, giving them more energy and helping them to think clearly. Around seven percent of adults in the US suffer from depression every year. Depression is a physical illness that could be treated with anti-inflammatory drugs, a Cambridge University professor stated in September 2017. An overactive immune system may trigger the mental health condition by causing widespread inflammation that leads to feelings of hopelessness and unhappiness, the expert believes. The immune system may fail to 'switch off' after an illness or traumatic event, he adds. Previous research has shown people who suffer severe emotional trauma have signs of inflammation, which suggests their immune system is constantly 'fired-up'. Professor Ed Bullmore, head of the department of psychiatry at the University of Cambridge, said: 'In relation to mood, beyond reasonable doubt, there is a very robust association between inflammation and depressive symptoms. 'In experimental medicine studies if you treat a healthy individual with an inflammatory drug, like interferon, a substantial percentage of those people will become depressed,' The Telegraph reported. What is the DASH diet? The Diet Intervention for Neurodegenerative Delay (DASH) way of eating is rich in fruits, vegetables, nuts, lean meat, whole grains and fish. It is low in processed foods, sugary drinks, salt and red meat. As well as being linked to better mental health, DASH is also promoted by the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute to prevent and control hypertension. Previous studies suggest DASH reduces blood pressure in just 14 days, as well as promoting weight loss. How the research was carried out Researchers from Rush University in Chicago analysed 964 people with an average age of 81 every 12 months for around six-and-a-half years. The study's participants were monitored for symptoms of depression, such as feeling hopeless about the future. They also completed food questionnaires, which the researchers used to determine how strictly they adhered to diets such as the DASH, Mediterranean and traditional Western way of eating. Study author Dr Laurel Cherian said: 'Making a lifestyle change such as changing your diet is often preferred over taking medications, so we wanted to see if diet could be an effective way to reduce the risk of depression.' The findings were presented at the American Academy of Neurology's Annual Meeting in LA. DASH lowers blood pressure more than medication This comes after research released in November last year suggested DASH lowers people's blood pressure more than medication after just four weeks. Cutting out salt and eating lots of fruit, vegetables and low-fat dairy, reduces people with high blood pressure's results by an average of 21 mm Hg, the research adds. To put that into context, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the US' drug-approving body, will not accept anti-hypertension medications unless they lower blood pressure by at least 3-4 mm Hg. Most medications typically reduce hypertension readings by between 10 and 15 mm Hg, but come with side effects including fatigue, dizziness and headache. Study author Dr Lawrence Appel from Harvard University, said: 'What we're observing from the combined dietary intervention is a reduction in systolic blood pressure as high as, if not greater than, that achieved with prescription drugs. 'It's an important message to patients that they can get a lot of mileage out of adhering to a healthy and low-sodium diet.' Around 32 percent of adults in the US have high blood pressure, which puts them at risk of heart disease and stroke. 
968050279882067968	2018-02-26 09:09:06	https://t.co/B8BUjCdbIq	Female 'sex expert' attacks police officer after cops are called to investigate 'advanced love-making' course https://t.co/B8BUjCdbIq	 This is the moment a female 'sex expert' attacked police officers after they were called in to investigate an 'advanced love-making' course in Thailand. A group of 33 Russians had paid the equivalent of £450 each for a place on the course, in which participants were being taught how to spice up bedroom antics. But police raided the class, held in a hotel conference room in the holiday resort of Pattaya, after staff heard 'odd noises'. Ten Russian instructors - three women and seven men - were arrested. Footage shows a woman in a striped dress - believed to be one of the female instructors - lashing out at an officer. Another woman in a white t-shirt can be seen trying to calm the situation. Police Lieutenant Colonel Piyapong Ensarn said: 'One of the women running the class was angry when police arrived. They thought we shouldn't be there. 'It's the strangest class I've ever heard about but it is illegal and the offenders will be processed according to the law.' In the course, tourists were taught how to make their partner climax while attendees eagerly took notes and viewed diagrams on a flip-board. They were due to receive certificates declaring themselves sex experts after the class but staff at the up-market hotel became suspicious when they heard noises coming from the room and called officers. Police arrived at 11pm last night and cut short the course with the visitors being dismissed. The ten 'instructors' - some wearing matching 'sex animator' t-shirts and others in tiny pink shorts - were led to a local station. In a video, they can be seen sitting sheepishly on a bench while in custody. Police Colonel Apichai Krobpetch, head of Pattaya Police, said: 'Officers arrived at the hotel at 11pm and found Russian gangs had rented a room to set up a training course for sex. This is an illegal sex education course. 'Forty three people were in attendance including ten instructors who were demonstrating sex. The participants are not guilty of any offense and they were then released. The ten instructors were taken to the station for processing.' Police said that the people attending the class paid 20,000 baht and some received free t-shirts. They were also to be given a certificate in love-making after the event, showing that they were able to satisfy their partner. Officers charged one suspect with overstaying in Thailand, three with unlawful entry into the kingdom and the rest for working without work permits.
968045229218717696	2018-02-26 08:49:02	https://t.co/HylqhizWLx	Blind women living in India's 'rape capital' are given JUDO training https://t.co/HylqhizWLx	 Blind women in rural India are being given judo training to protect themselves from assaults in a groundbreaking new project - with some going on to compete in national competitions. Charity Sightsavers has released powerful photos of more than 60 women who are learning the sport as a form of self-defense. The charity is working mainly in Madhya Pradesh, a state which has the highest number of rape cases in India. Blind women are disproportionately the victims of assault and abuse in the country, with many too scared to leave their homes out of fear of attack. The charity hopes the lessons will give the group the confidence to return to school, find jobs and become active members of society. Several women have already gone on to compete in national championships, won medals and have begun mentoring other visually impaired women in their area. The state reported 4,882 rape cases out of 38,947 cases recorded across the country in 2016, as per the National Crime Record Bureau's report revealed last year. 'The danger of abuse affects blind and visually impaired girls disproportionately because they are more likely to be targeted by predators,' said Jayashree Kumar, the Sightsavers Programme Manager who helped start Judo training. 'Girls with disabilities are already at a big disadvantage in poor rural areas and being unable to leave their homes unaccompanied limits what they are able to do in their lives.' One girl, Sudama, began learning judo with the charity in 2014, and has since gone back to school qualified as a judo trainer herself. She then went on to win gold and silver medals in Delhi, Goa, Gurugram and Lucknow. Sudama said: 'Before learning Judo I was thinking ''How will I go out? How will my life go on?'' I used to be afraid to go to school alone. My mother and father wouldn't allow me because it was far away and they wanted to avoid the possibility that I would be teased.' In their new Put Us in the Picture campaign, Sightsavers is calling on the UN member states to vote more women with disabilities onto the UN disability oversight body (the UNCRPD). The UNCPRD monitors more than 100 countries and makes recommendations to ensure people with disabilities are given the same rights and freedoms as able-bodied people. As it prepares for its next round of elections in June Sightsavers are highlighting that of the 18 members on its monitoring panel, only one is a woman. The Committee examines the extent to which countries are upholding the rights , including those of women and girls with disabilities, and the charity are campaigning for women to be fairly represented in decision making. They believe without women on the Committee sharing their perspectives, views and experiences they will remain unrecognised and undervalued. Natasha Kennedy, Head of Sightsavers' Put Us in the Picture campaign said: 'As a blind girl if you can't leave your home over fears for your personal safety then how will your voice be heard in your village, in your community, in your country? 'And what chance is there that your voice will be heard and your view considered in the decisions that impact on your daily life by institutions like the UN? 'That's what our Put us in the Picture campaign is all about. People don't realise that there is a link between the safety and empowerment of visually impaired young women in Madhya Pradesh and the voice and agency of women with disabilities in international institutions like the UN.' 
968041980583346177	2018-02-26 08:36:08	https://t.co/CSZHGKAZ9r	Amazing underwater pictures show how animals even including an ELEPHANT get in the swim https://t.co/CSZHGKAZ9r	 This stunning set of photos show animals lurking under the water, including a majestic elephant paddling below the surface. The show show a whole host of underwater scenes, from a colossal whale shark floating below a boat, to an enormous Barrel Jellyfish captured at dusk. They also show a curious bear poking at an underwater camera while submerged, as well as a serene seal floating in the sea. In some of the pictures, smiling people can be seen mere metres away from the majestic and, in some cases, deadly creatures. They are taken from all around the world, ranging from the North East of England to the waters of Cuba. The awe-inspiring photos will make you wonder what's out there beneath you next time you go for a swim.
968035238533369858	2018-02-26 08:09:20	https://t.co/0BoyVnyIbV	Cleaning hacks that WILL change your life https://t.co/0BoyVnyIbV	 With Spring on its way, many will be looking to get their homes spick and span. And now, people have revealed their top cleaning hacks that will make your life much easier as you prepare to conduct your annual dust down. The tips, which have been compiled by Diply, include using lemon juice on your chopping board to get rid of any stubborn stains. Meanwhile, using toothpaste on your headlights can help remove any lingering dirt. Other unorthodox hacks include using a paint brush to dust your blinds and using old socks to mop the floors - meaning you have no excuse for not getting your house into order... 
968031644618805248	2018-02-26 07:55:03	https://t.co/dy23zZe0F9	Heartbroken dog with four puppies stares longingly at same commuter train every night at Indian station https://t.co/dy23zZe0F9	 Heartbreaking footage shows a stray dog gaze longingly at a train every night as if waiting for a familiar face to emerge. At 11pm the female dog stands on Platform 1 at Kanjurmarg Station in Mumbai, India, and stares at a train bound for Kalyan. She peers into the same women-only carriage every time then, when no one gets off, chases the train as it pulls away, the Mumbai Mirror reported. The confusing ritual, captured on CCTV as far back as January 2, has sparked the theory that she is looking for a previous owner who abandoned her at the station. Local resident Sameer Thorat filmed the little dog's heartbreaking behaviour last week and posted it to social media, where it went viral. The female dog has become such a familiar sight at the station that locals began feeding her and her four puppies. Some commuters believe her former owner was a lady who could no longer look after her, while others suspect the dog is waiting for a traveller who used to feed her. Mr Thorat told the Mumbai Mirror: 'I spotted the dog while returning from work. 'The way it waits for the late-night trains and tries to peek inside the ladies coach, it seems it is searching for a particular person who either fed it regularly or left it behind.' Sourav Verma, who has been feeding the dog, said: 'We have become friends. It even takes me to its pups. 'I am looking for people who would adopt them after following proper procedure.'
968028621280604160	2018-02-26 07:43:03	https://t.co/Q2SQ6o3U4N	Having children ages women MORE than smoking and obesity https://t.co/Q2SQ6o3U4N	 Having children ages women's DNA by 11 years, new research suggests. Giving birth shortens women's telomeres by around 4.2 per cent, a study found. Telomeres ‘cap’ the end of DNA strands, with longer lengths being associated with slower aging, longer lifespans and improved overall health. Such an extent of telomere shortening is greater than the effects of smoking or obesity demonstrated in previous studies. Study author Dr Anna Pollack from George Mason University, Virginia, told New Scientist: 'We were surprised to find such a striking result. It is equivalent to around 11 years of accelerated cellular ageing.' Researchers believe this may be due to the stress of raising children, particularly in countries without mandatory maternity leave, such as the US. They stress, however, more research into the link between motherhood and genetic ageing is required, with Dr Pollack adding: 'We’re not saying "don’t have children". Bicarbonate of soda helps women avoid Caesarean-sections, research suggested in January 2017. When dissolved in water, the kitchen staple enables between 17 and 20 per cent of women having slow or difficult labours to give birth naturally, without harming their babies, a study found. Speaking on the BBC's Today show, study author Professor Susan Wray from the University of Liverpool explained bicarb neutralises acids in the uterus, which increases women's likelihood of giving birth vaginally. The bicarbonate used is the standard type available in supermarkets. Around one-in-four births in the UK and one-in-three in the US are carried out via c-section. Although usually safe, the procedure can cause blood clots, excessive bleeding and womb infections. The researchers, which included scientists from the Karolinska Institute in Sweden, analysed 200 women who had difficult or slow labours. Some of the women then drank water containing bicarbonate of soda. One hour later, they were given the hormone oxytocin, which is the standard-of-care during slow deliveries and causes the uterus to contract. Those not given bicarb were administered oxytocin immediately. The researchers believe consuming bicarb is a simple, cost-effective way to improve the wellbeing of mothers during labour all over the world. How the research was carried out The researchers from George Mason University, Virginia, analysed 1,505 women aged between 20 and 44 who took part in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey between 1999 and 2002. Of which, 444 had never given birth. This survey was chosen because it measured its participants' telomere lengths via blood samples. The study's participants' live birth histories were determined via a questionnaire. The findings were published in the journal Human Reproduction. 'It’s like adding three more drops to a teaspoon' The results contradict a study carried out in Malaysian women, which suggested having more children lengthens telomeres. According to the more recent investigation's researchers, this may be due to the participants in the former study receiving greater social support. Sex slows DNA ageing in women This comes after research released in July last year suggests having sex at least once a week slows aging in women, even if they do not enjoy being intimate. Being active between the sheets increases the length of women's telomeres, a study found. Women's telomeres lengthen with regular love making regardless of whether they are sexually satisfied in their relationship, the research adds. Researchers from the University of California in San Francisco believe sex may aid aging in women by dampening stress and boosting their immune systems. 
968024353177849856	2018-02-26 07:26:05	https://t.co/XM61u4BxQe	Images of very similar meals reveal how adding extra 'healthy' foods such can DOUBLE the calorie count https://t.co/XM61u4BxQe	 Food bloggers has revealed how making a very small tweak to a plate of food by serving yourself a slightly larger portion size or adding just a few - supposedly 'healthy' - extra ingredients can double the amount of calories you're consuming. Australian dietician Paula Norris, regularly shares plates of seemingly identical meals on Instagram that prove how you can accidentally ruin your diet with that extra slice of avocado or using just one teaspoon of oil while cooking. One of her snaps shows two plates of steak with rice noodles and a salad of lettuce, cherry tomatoes, avocado and red onion with a soy, lime and sesame oil dressing, which look exactly the same. However, one meal has almost 800 calories due to an extra slice of avocado, an additional teaspoon of sesame oil, and 80g more of untrimmed steak that's been fried in oil, while the second version has just over 400 calories because the steak is grilled and some of the noodles have been replaced with extra veg. Amanda Meixner, 26, from Ohio also regularly shares her meal plans and healthy eating tips with her 476,000 Instagram followers, and has recently posted a series of images showing the calorie difference between two seemingly identical plates of food, inspired by Paula. One image shows two eggs and two eggs whites scrambled with half an avocado on toast and a sliced apple, which amounts to just over 500 calories. But adding the rest of the avocado, two more eggs and a spoonful of peanut butter more than doubles the calorie count to over a 1,000. Meanwhile a 472 calorie snack of yoghurt, dark chocolate, nut butter and berries suddenly becomes almost 900 calories with the addition of 40g more chocolate and 2 extra tablespoons of cashew butter. Their posts seem especially pertinent following the release of figures from the Office for National Statistics showing that British people are underestimating their calorie intake by 50 per cent – fuelling obesity levels. Men typically have 1,000 more calories every day than they account for, while women consumed about 800 more than they estimate, and the more food people consume, the less reliable their estimates are. Meanwhile, data from The Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations shows that the average American consumes more than 3,600 calories daily. If you want to avoid piling extra calories on to your plate, Amanda recommends tricks such as having veggies noodles instead of sweet potatoes or pasta. 'Skip the extra olives or extra fats for more veggies,' she recommended. Swap out some eggs for egg whites - only 17 calories per one.' Isabella Fish for The Daily Mail writes... Britons are underestimating their calorie intake by 50 per cent – fuelling obesity levels, it has emerged. Men typically have 1,000 more calories every day than they account for, while women consumed about 800 more than they estimate, according to figures from the Office for National Statistics. The research also found that the more food Britons consume, the less reliable their estimates are. Experts have suggested that people do not like to ‘be taken for slobs’ and so end up lying to themselves about how much they actually eat. According to the data, men consumed 3,119 calories a day despite claiming that they had only 2,065. The recommended intake for men is 2,500 a day. Women claimed that they consumed an average of 1,570 calories a day – nearly 500 calories less than the recommended intake of 2,000 – but the real figure was in fact 2,393. The data comes as Public Health England (PHE) prepares to launch a new calorie-counting campaign, in order to try to tackle the obesity crisis. A third of children are obese or overweight by the time they leave primary school. The figures suggest that the average person underestimates the number of calories they consume every day, fuelling the epidemic. For the survey, 4,500 adults were asked to keep track of their calorie consumption over four days. The scientists then looked at how much energy the body used in order to calculate the real number of calories consumed. The survey found that 34 per cent of the participants claimed to be consuming less than physically required to stay alive. And the more overweight the people were, the less reliable the account was, according to the research. Tam Fry, of the National Obesity Forum, told the Daily Telegraph: ‘People lie and I am not surprised that they do when it comes to food. They wish not to be taken for slobs, even though they may be just that.’ He said that the new national calorie counting campaign, which is set to begin next month, was an ‘absolutely ridiculous’ attempt to solve the problem because it was unrealistic. The PHE advice in the One You nutrition campaign will tell adults to limit breakfast to 400 calories and dinners and lunches to just 600 calories. The average recommended calorie consumption levels remain at 2,500 calories for men and 2,000 for women, according to those behind the campaign. But the guidance is a ‘rule of thumb’ to try to help Britons cut down the number of calories they consume. The average adult is eating 200 to 250 more calories every day than they should, health officials say. However, the new data suggests that this could be largely underestimated. International research shows that Britain is the fattest country in Western Europe. The rise in obesity levels has been linked to larger portion sizes, changes in diet, junk food, takeaway meals and snacks. 
968021711630282752	2018-02-26 07:15:35	https://t.co/dXaBrzgnor	Rare glimpse into former Soviet Union's Communist regime reveals how leaders enjoyed a life of luxury https://t.co/dXaBrzgnor	 A rare glimpse into the dark heart of the former Soviet Union's Communist regime has revealed how party leaders enjoyed luxury conditions while the workers toiled for a pittance. The two administration blocks of the giant Nowa Huta steelworks have been frozen in time from an era where Cold War paranoia gripped the Soviet bloc and inequality raged behind closed doors. At it's peak, the former Vladimir Lenin works employed 40,000 faithful workers and produced 6.7 billion tonnes of steel a year to propel the East's arms and space race with the West. The site, which measures 15 square kilometres and once had five blast furnaces thundering in union, was built next to a Socialist dream suburb in Krakow, Poland, which was then under the iron grip of the Kremlin. But, after decades of secrecy, the recent opening of the steelworks' redundant offices has laid bare the false premise of utilitarian communism and how their social experiment failed as the people of Krakow rebelled against their leaders. Blocks Z and S, which stand guard are at the entrance to the sprawling works – which is still functioning with one furnace producing industrial rather than military supplies – look identical but the Daily Mail was granted an exclusive tour to witness the sharp contrast between the workers and their leaders. While the workers' block, for low level officials and administration, is dour and functional, Block Z – the initial of the Polish word for management – is an ostentatious temple to power. A three-metre long chandelier, complete with 120 light bulbs, hangs decadently from an art deco ceiling in the main conference room which has enough leather backed chairs for up to 100 delegates. The seven-metre floor to ceiling windows afford a gaze of ornamental gardens and the wood panelled walls are hand-crafted and burnished to an elegant finish. The flooring in the communal areas is impressive marble or the high-craftsmanship parquet that would have home designers in raptures. 'Some of the wood came from the oak forests of the Caucuses and was very expensive. It was hand-crafted just for these offices' explained Mateusz Marchocki, a 25-year-old Russian studies graduate from Krakow University who works as a guide for the community project that has started to conduct tours around the buildings after its owners, ArcelorMittal, granted them access. 'No expense was spared for the management while the building for the workers was much more simple. There are no fancy furnishings over there. It is a classic George Orwell: some people are more equal than others.' Every twist and turn of Block Z reinforces that view with sweeping staircases leading up to domed niches which look out onto a sky that would have once been suffused with the smoke and sparks from the hard-run furnaces during its production peak in the 1970s. It was so well-appointed and furnished that workers referred to it as 'The Vatican'. The imposing double doors of Room 103 lead to the steelworks director's suite of offices which would have looked perfectly at home in Whitehall or Wall Street with plush-backed leather doors, polished conference tables, exclusively-commissioned furniture and a private bedroom that was the same size as most workers' humble flats on the newly built Nowa Huta estate, now a thriving suburb of Krakow. The intricate metalwork of doors and balustrades and the lofty reception rooms reek privilege and power, and they needed to as a Who's Who of the Communist elite from Nikita Khrushchev, Fidel Castro and Yugoslavia's Marshal Tito to cosmonaut Valentina Tereshkova, the first Russian woman in space, queued up to witness a showpiece of Soviet industrial and social glory. The offices have been relatively untouched – with some original fittings dating back to the 1950s to 70s - so their contents stand as a history lesson for future generations. Office worker files, detailing trademark long service records and wages that eclipsed their comrades at the furnace front, have been left in dusty archive rooms while radios and stereo systems that would have been out of reach of the workers, are fitted in senior management rooms. The paranoia of the party's high command is evidenced by a then state of the art communications suite complete with a switchboard that could link to any part of the and an ever-ready tape deck to record all calls. Vast windows loom over the works entrance so that every shift could be closely observed. That paranoia stretches into a reinforced bunker positioned strategically in the basement of the workers' Block S building – connected to Block Z by a 100-metre tunnel – as the management believed they would be safer on the other side as the NATO and US warplanes would be sure to target the offices of the elite first. All the housing blocks in Nowa Huta had a shelter that could sustain up to 100 people for three days after an attack but none were as comprehensive as the Block S bunker, reserved for around 50 senior management, which had an air filtration plant, powered by a static bike, equipment to weather chemical and atomic warfare, a command centre, bunkhouse, and rooms emblazoned with slogans such as: 'Self Defence is everyman's duty'. 'It was only every used for drills but it demonstrates detailed planning and the expectation there would be an attack – an attack by the West,' adds Mateusz. 'There were look-out points at the top of both blocks to watch for US or NATO planes. 'There was the threat of Atomic War – it was there in the West too - and the party used it to make people focus on their work. Everyone was watching the enemy on the other side of the curtain.' The Soviet chokehold on Poland was eventually thrown off by the bravery of the Solidarity union which occupied the Lenin shipyard in Gdansk in 1978 and by its misreading of its totalitarian impact on the people of Nowa Huta. 'They thought they were creating a socialist dream. They offered people from all over Poland jobs building the district and said they could have an apartment and a job in the steelworks when it was done,' adds Mateusz, whose grandparents were among the first wave to move to the area. 'They came from towns and villages across the country and the promise of a flat with a toilet and a job with regular wages was a fantastic opportunity for them. But the people were highly religious and were told there could be no church in Nowa Huta; the only God was the Communist Party. 'Taking away the cross was a shock and the people said 'this is something we must defend'. So the people were fighting to have a church and the more the State resisted, the stronger their desire became.' Clashes with military police intensified as the Soviet Union started to stutter and when the Archbishop of Krakow, Karol Wojtyla, was made Pope John Paul II in 1978 it gave the people a symbol of hope. The people of Nowa Huta spent ten years building their church - The Lord's Ark – in defiance of their rulers. 'It was built by volunteers and showed the spirit of the people,' added Mateusz. 'In the parable, Noah survives the great flood in an ark; the people of Krakow survived the red flood of communism with their ark. 'Nowa Huta is a symbol of many of the things that Soviet-style communism got wrong and how people are more than just workers or party members. Combined with the steelworks, we have a unique and fascinating window into the communist approach from the late 1950s. 'I am glad that we can now see how things were run and have the opportunity to learn from the past. 'This is so important because it shows how people were attracted to the steelworks and Nowa Huta and how, in the beginning, they believed in communism. But the perfect city for workers was the first to rebel and we are proud of that. The people fought against the system and the party found there was a limit to communism, a wall it couldn't go past. 'The communists always wanted to create the 'new man' with no God in his heart, only the party. But you can't control people's minds.' 
967975042821828608	2018-02-26 04:10:08	https://t.co/E7XJsNbtop	Chef, 17, shows off incredible knife-spinning techniques with just one hand while BLINDFOLDED https://t.co/E7XJsNbtop	 While some kitchen workers have a special talent with ingredients, others are extremely good with knives, such as this young sous-chef from China. At just 17 years old, he has already impressed the Chinese public with his dangerous knife-spinning stunt. The teenager, who calls himself Mo Aiai, said he taught himself how to 'play with blades' as a hobby after watching tutorials online. Originally from Gansu Province in north-west China, Mo Aiai works in Beijing as a sous-chef. He told MailOnline that he only started out on his knife-spinning training two and a half months ago. But apparently, he has already reached an impressive level. The young worker uploads videos of himself performing the skills almost daily on Chinese live-stream video app Kuaishou. He said he used the app because 'it's fun'. In one clip filmed seven days ago, Mo demonstrated how to juggle a meat cleavers between his fingers with just one hand while blindfolded in his kitchen. Mo remains modest about the video. 'I'm not the best. There are many more people who could do it better than me on Kuaishou,' Mo said. 'My job is busy, so I do my training only when I have time.' He said he had practised the routine over and over again. He only put a cloth over his eyes when he was fully confident about his movements. He started slow before speeding up. Mo said he was not satisfied with the recording because he had apparently made a few mistakes. He also said he would not perform blindfolded in the future because 'it was too dangerous'. 'My hand was cut a few times during the process,' he wrote on his Kuaishou. Mo warned the public to be cautious and not to try the dangerous stunt at home. He said he often gets injured during his training. One time he got a serious cut on his left wrist and had to receive two stitches. Mo explained that he would like to carry on practising and filming himself doing the skills, but right now his biggest wish is to find a 'well-paid job' in Beijing. Like Mo Aiai, millions of young people in China are demonstrating their unique and sometimes bizarre talents through live-stream apps and websites, hoping to find fame and fortune. Tai Zi, the live-streaming director of Tunshou Entertainment in China, told MailOnline: 'A good live-streaming entertainment host could easily earn one million yuan (£114,000) a month.' However, the booming yet competitive industry has been slammed after some hosts went to extreme measures in order to grab the public's attention. Last December, a 26-year-old vlogger died while trying to film himself doing pull-ups on top of a 62-storey skyscraper. In 2016, a 21-year-old woman was jailed for four years after live-streaming herself participating in an orgy online. In the same year, the Chinese government had to ban 'seductive' consumption of bananas during webcam live-streams in an attempt to clamp down on 'inappropriate and erotic' content online. 
967960184017518593	2018-02-26 03:11:06	https://t.co/pswH8LUa4n	Standing desks INCREASE pain and slow down people's mental ability at work says study https://t.co/pswH8LUa4n	 Standing desks are more painful than conventional ones and can slow down people's mental capacity at work, a new study has revealed. They are becoming more and more common in the workplace amid fears our increasingly sedentary lifestyles could send us to an early grave. But new research suggests standing desks can lead to swollen veins that cause leg, lower back pain and heart damage. Experts also claim they slow mental reactiveness but can lead to a marginal increase in 'creative decision making'. The study has been published in the Ergonomics journal and warns of the 'feverish' trend of choosing standing desks at work, because there is little evidence to prove their benefits. Research carried out by Curtin University in Australia saw 20 people working at standing desks for two hours. After around an hour and a quarter their ability to respond to tasks slowed and their lower body began to ache Commenting on the study, Professor Alan Taylor, a physiotherapy expert at Nottingham University, told The Telegraph: 'The bottom line is that this expansion has been driven more by commercial reasons than scientific evidence. 'But the evidence is catching up and it's showing there are some drawbacks. 'They are not a panacea for back pain, yet companies are worried that if they provide them they'll be sued.' Professor Taylor advised workers to take regular breaks instead of standing up at their computers all day. The demand for standing desks has improved with increasing research to show office workers can spend up to 80 per cent of their day sitting down. They can be bought on the high street anywhere from £200 to £1,000. Some offices have taken a step beyond and offer employees 'walking desks', which combine a laptop space with a treadmill. 
967956902222159878	2018-02-26 02:58:03	https://t.co/N6H5cx2jHj	Canadian drug mules plead guilty to smuggling $21 million worth of cocaine into Sydney https://t.co/N6H5cx2jHj	 Two Canadian drug runners have pleaded guilty to smuggling $21million worth of cocaine on a cruise ship into Sydney. Melina Roberce, 23, and Andre Tamine, 64, were part of a trio found with four suitcases containing 95kg of cocaine after the Sea Princess docked in Sydney on August 28, 2016. They used the 51-day cruise from the United Kingdom through Latin America and then to Australia to transport about AUS$21million (US$16.5m) worth of cocaine. Both Tamine and Roberce were expected to stand trial in February before they pleaded guilty to a charge of jointly commission the importation of a commercial quantity of border controlled drug, the Daily Telegraph reported. Roberce's cabin mate Isabelle Lagace - a Canadian porn star - was sentenced to four-and-a-half years in prison on November 3 for her part in trying to smuggle the drugs. After she was caught with the drugs, a former boyfriend described Roberce as a 'superficial woman always turned on by money and on the look-out for a sugar daddy.' The two women were detained along with Tamine, who is a loner with no family ties and who lives in a tiny apartment in a suburb of Montreal. US police were involved in the operation to track the three and their stash of hard drugs which were allegedly discovered in luggage belonging to the Canadian trio. DailyMail.com can also disclose that Roberce's father became worried when his daughter told him she was embarking on a two month round-the-world cruise which ended with her arrest in Sydney. He warned her not to go on the trip adding: 'Who is paying $22,000 for your holiday?' But the college drop-out went ahead on the cruise trip which took her from Britain and across the world to New Zealand and Australia via South America, without answering her worried father's questions. Police on three continents are looking into the background of who else may have been involved in the smuggling, which amounted to the biggest ever haul of drugs from a passenger ship or plane. The consignment would have flooded the illicit market in Sydney. People close to Roberce said she had always set her sights on having the best that life can bring and was ' all about money, money, money'. A former boyfriend, who asked to be called 'Michael', said: 'She was a flirt and moreover she was just a superficial young woman. 'Melina was lovely and attractive, but she wanted money and people who had money. 'It was all about money with her and she was dating older men too because they had the cars and the power to give her the lifestyle she wanted badly. 'That meant the best restaurants and having nicely done hair and the finest clothes. 'She just wanted the best things but as far as I knew she never worked for them and had a steady job. 'She would go clubbing and I know she was dating other guys. We went out for a month and then she just disappeared. We hooked up again two years ago, but we had moved on. 'But she was still into having it all and having it now. She was into champagne and parties. She just never stopped.' He said he had kept in touch with her through Facebook and raised an eyebrow at her lifestyle which included traveling to the best holiday spots in the world. 'It was money that drove her, and if she did that smuggling it just shows that money can't buy you happiness' he added. Lagace worked in a bar at Longueuil and took off suddenly on her trip, telling few about her plans. But she appeared to come in for some jealousy from followers on Facebook and her last post declared: 'Some of you need Xanax and chill.' In another post she gave a clue to her carefree lifestyle when she posted: 'If I offend you, cry me a river. I'll bring snacks and a raft. I will literally float down your tears; eating chips and working on my tan.' It has also been revealed that she posed for a series of nude photographs when she was a teenager. They have surfaced on a website called Flashy Babes and appear to have been taken when she was aged nineteen. Tamine lived for more than ten years in an apartment building in Saint-Laurent and had no spouse or children. He is reported to have run a small business, closed down in January, involved in building maintenance. He is not known to either of the women's families. The trio were arrested on the Sea Princess luxury liner on Sunday as the ship was anchored in the port of Sydney. They had been identified by the United States border control agencies of Canada and colleagues in New Zealand as high-risk travelers and suspected of being part of an international drug trafficking cartel. The women had posted pictures on Facebook showing off their toned bodies and the exotic locations. They had visited Colombia, French Polynesia Chile, Peru and New Zealand. But police, in an joint international operation were also watching and moved in at the weekend on the travelers who began their journey in Southampton, England. Australian police have made it clear that the alleged smuggling was part of an 'international crime syndicate' and that the drugs were meant to flood the illicit trade in Sydney and surrounding areas. Assistant Commissioner AFP, Shane Connelly said: 'These cartels should be advised that Australian Border Services are aware of all the methods they could use to bring drugs into our country and we are working with several international agencies to stop.' 
967945079599063046	2018-02-26 02:11:05	https://t.co/TB2nK8Ez6I	Chilling moment cruel man abandons a baby boy on a street at MINUS 20 degrees in Chinahttps://t.co/TB2nK8Ez6I	 Police in China are on the hunt for a man who deserted a baby on a street during the wee hours of February 14. CCTV footage released by Chinese media shows the suspect putting the baby outside a hospital before quickly running away on a cold winter day in Jiamusi, one of China's coldest cities. The tiny boy was found and saved by a male nurse who took him to the Neonatal Department, according to reports. Jiamusi is situated in north-east China near Russia. The city's daily temperature plunged down to below minus 20 degrees Celsius last week. The man dumped the baby at around 1:30am last Wednesday in front of the No. 1 Hospital Affiliated to Jiamusi University, according to Sina.com. The boy was dumped just days before the Chinese Lunar New Year, the most important holiday in the country when families reunite. Upon medical examination, the doctors at the hospital said the boy was healthy. The medical staff called the police and took the baby to the Jiamusi Children's Welfare Institution. The police are looking for the suspect. The web users in China are also helping to spread the information in hope of tracking down the man. It remains unclear whether the man is the baby's father or a relative. The abandonment of babies are not uncommon in China, especially among teenage parents. In April last year, a 15-year-old mother in Shenzhen was caught throwing out her newborn daughter alive with rubbish. In November, a 19-year-old top college student in Xi'an secretly gave birth to a baby girl in her dorm room before throwing her out of her window on the fourth floor. The social issue occurs partially because sex education is poor in China, which means young women could fall pregnant without realising. Because there are no child benefits in China, it would be extremely hard for teenagers to raise their own children once they're born. In addition, children born out of wedlock would not be able to officially register their identity with the police - a result of China's strict household registration system. This means the children wouldn't be able to receive proper education or social welfare. Lastly, the country's medical welfare only covers the citizens' basic needs. If a baby is born sick, the family would sometimes throw him or her away to avoid paying for expensive medical bills. 
967929976090710016	2018-02-26 01:11:04	https://t.co/YIyO654rnp	Rare glimpse into former Soviet Union's Communist regime reveals how leaders enjoyed a life of luxury https://t.co/YIyO654rnp	 A rare glimpse into the dark heart of the former Soviet Union's Communist regime has revealed how party leaders enjoyed luxury conditions while the workers toiled for a pittance. The two administration blocks of the giant Nowa Huta steelworks have been frozen in time from an era where Cold War paranoia gripped the Soviet bloc and inequality raged behind closed doors. At it's peak, the former Vladimir Lenin works employed 40,000 faithful workers and produced 6.7 billion tonnes of steel a year to propel the East's arms and space race with the West. The site, which measures 15 square kilometres and once had five blast furnaces thundering in union, was built next to a Socialist dream suburb in Krakow, Poland, which was then under the iron grip of the Kremlin. But, after decades of secrecy, the recent opening of the steelworks' redundant offices has laid bare the false premise of utilitarian communism and how their social experiment failed as the people of Krakow rebelled against their leaders. Blocks Z and S, which stand guard are at the entrance to the sprawling works – which is still functioning with one furnace producing industrial rather than military supplies – look identical but the Daily Mail was granted an exclusive tour to witness the sharp contrast between the workers and their leaders. While the workers' block, for low level officials and administration, is dour and functional, Block Z – the initial of the Polish word for management – is an ostentatious temple to power. A three-metre long chandelier, complete with 120 light bulbs, hangs decadently from an art deco ceiling in the main conference room which has enough leather backed chairs for up to 100 delegates. The seven-metre floor to ceiling windows afford a gaze of ornamental gardens and the wood panelled walls are hand-crafted and burnished to an elegant finish. The flooring in the communal areas is impressive marble or the high-craftsmanship parquet that would have home designers in raptures. 'Some of the wood came from the oak forests of the Caucuses and was very expensive. It was hand-crafted just for these offices' explained Mateusz Marchocki, a 25-year-old Russian studies graduate from Krakow University who works as a guide for the community project that has started to conduct tours around the buildings after its owners, ArcelorMittal, granted them access. 'No expense was spared for the management while the building for the workers was much more simple. There are no fancy furnishings over there. It is a classic George Orwell: some people are more equal than others.' Every twist and turn of Block Z reinforces that view with sweeping staircases leading up to domed niches which look out onto a sky that would have once been suffused with the smoke and sparks from the hard-run furnaces during its production peak in the 1970s. It was so well-appointed and furnished that workers referred to it as 'The Vatican'. The imposing double doors of Room 103 lead to the steelworks director's suite of offices which would have looked perfectly at home in Whitehall or Wall Street with plush-backed leather doors, polished conference tables, exclusively-commissioned furniture and a private bedroom that was the same size as most workers' humble flats on the newly built Nowa Huta estate, now a thriving suburb of Krakow. The intricate metalwork of doors and balustrades and the lofty reception rooms reek privilege and power, and they needed to as a Who's Who of the Communist elite from Nikita Khrushchev, Fidel Castro and Yugoslavia's Marshal Tito to cosmonaut Valentina Tereshkova, the first Russian woman in space, queued up to witness a showpiece of Soviet industrial and social glory. The offices have been relatively untouched – with some original fittings dating back to the 1950s to 70s - so their contents stand as a history lesson for future generations. Office worker files, detailing trademark long service records and wages that eclipsed their comrades at the furnace front, have been left in dusty archive rooms while radios and stereo systems that would have been out of reach of the workers, are fitted in senior management rooms. The paranoia of the party's high command is evidenced by a then state of the art communications suite complete with a switchboard that could link to any part of the and an ever-ready tape deck to record all calls. Vast windows loom over the works entrance so that every shift could be closely observed. That paranoia stretches into a reinforced bunker positioned strategically in the basement of the workers' Block S building – connected to Block Z by a 100-metre tunnel – as the management believed they would be safer on the other side as the NATO and US warplanes would be sure to target the offices of the elite first. All the housing blocks in Nowa Huta had a shelter that could sustain up to 100 people for three days after an attack but none were as comprehensive as the Block S bunker, reserved for around 50 senior management, which had an air filtration plant, powered by a static bike, equipment to weather chemical and atomic warfare, a command centre, bunkhouse, and rooms emblazoned with slogans such as: 'Self Defence is everyman's duty'. 'It was only every used for drills but it demonstrates detailed planning and the expectation there would be an attack – an attack by the West,' adds Mateusz. 'There were look-out points at the top of both blocks to watch for US or NATO planes. 'There was the threat of Atomic War – it was there in the West too - and the party used it to make people focus on their work. Everyone was watching the enemy on the other side of the curtain.' The Soviet chokehold on Poland was eventually thrown off by the bravery of the Solidarity union which occupied the Lenin shipyard in Gdansk in 1978 and by its misreading of its totalitarian impact on the people of Nowa Huta. 'They thought they were creating a socialist dream. They offered people from all over Poland jobs building the district and said they could have an apartment and a job in the steelworks when it was done,' adds Mateusz, whose grandparents were among the first wave to move to the area. 'They came from towns and villages across the country and the promise of a flat with a toilet and a job with regular wages was a fantastic opportunity for them. But the people were highly religious and were told there could be no church in Nowa Huta; the only God was the Communist Party. 'Taking away the cross was a shock and the people said 'this is something we must defend'. So the people were fighting to have a church and the more the State resisted, the stronger their desire became.' Clashes with military police intensified as the Soviet Union started to stutter and when the Archbishop of Krakow, Karol Wojtyla, was made Pope John Paul II in 1978 it gave the people a symbol of hope. The people of Nowa Huta spent ten years building their church - The Lord's Ark – in defiance of their rulers. 'It was built by volunteers and showed the spirit of the people,' added Mateusz. 'In the parable, Noah survives the great flood in an ark; the people of Krakow survived the red flood of communism with their ark. 'Nowa Huta is a symbol of many of the things that Soviet-style communism got wrong and how people are more than just workers or party members. Combined with the steelworks, we have a unique and fascinating window into the communist approach from the late 1950s. 'I am glad that we can now see how things were run and have the opportunity to learn from the past. 'This is so important because it shows how people were attracted to the steelworks and Nowa Huta and how, in the beginning, they believed in communism. But the perfect city for workers was the first to rebel and we are proud of that. The people fought against the system and the party found there was a limit to communism, a wall it couldn't go past. 'The communists always wanted to create the 'new man' with no God in his heart, only the party. But you can't control people's minds.' 
967913767068725248	2018-02-26 00:06:39	https://t.co/NwYD3YBDZa	Skinny cocktails do not protect you from weight gain: Experts warn guilt-free drinks drive you to overeat https://t.co/NwYD3YBDZa	 Low-calorie cocktails may be no better for you than a piña colada. Since Bethenny Frankel launched Skinnygirl Cocktails in 2009, there has been a booming trend of supposedly guilt-free drinks promising all the fun of alcohol with the weight gain. It was so successful that Frankel sold off the business for an eye-watering $100 million in 2011, leading to her appointment on the TV show Shark Tank. However, nutritionists warn readers to do their research before assuming that slim-line liquor is compatible with staying slender or trying to get fit for summer. All alcohol - 'skinny' or not - slows down digestion and triggers the appetite, causing people to overeat, studies show. Ultimately 'booze is booze', dietitians told Daily Mail Online, and despite the low calorie count these 'diet' cocktails have the same impact on the waistline as your standard gin and tonic as we lead up to the summer slim-down. While a drink with fewer calories is better alternative to a high caloric drink diluted with milk, ice cream and mixers, alcohol still has the same effect. 'If you're going to drink you have to know that booze is booze,' Adrienne Daly, personal development based nutrition coach, told Daily Mail Online. A 2015 study found published in the journal Obesity found alcohol makes people's brain more sensitive to food aromas, making them crave food and devour more than they'd consume while sober. Thus, increasing the risk of weight gain. Another study published in the 2017 issue of Nature Communications found alcohol boosts the activity of Agrp neurons, which trigger feelings of intense hunger when stimulated. In other words, a cocktail, regardless of how many calories it has, can trick the brain into thinking it’s hungry, causing it to eat more. 'Low calorie drinks can provide a fraction of the calories of a high-calorie beverage, but they can still stimulate your appetite and light up areas of your brain that make you crave fat and treats like burgers, fries and dessert,' registered dietitian Julie Upton told Daily Mail Online. A year after the Skinnygirl brand expanded to include wine and vodkas in 2012, there was a 44 percent increase in restaurants using the phrase ‘skinny’ on their drink menus. Magarita: Mojito: Sangria: Other liquor brands have gave in to the trend. Smirnoff has launched Sorbet Light flavored vodkas with 78 calories per serving, compared to regular vodka’s 100 calories. Daly said many drinks marketed as skinny are often highly processed, and make up for these lower calories by adding sweeteners and chemicals. 'People are drinking processed drinks in the name of no sugar, she said. 'These chemicals cause you to desire more and more flavor.' The Skinnygirl margaritas are sweetened with agave nectar, a sweetener high in fructose - which a 2013 study published in the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) has linked to overeating. Daly isn't exactly sure which chemicals are in these drinks marketed as 'skinny', since listing ingredients or major food allergens on alcohol beverages are optional under the Federal Alcohol Administration Act. However, it was revealed in 2011 that Frankel's Skinnygirl Margarita contained low levels of the preservative sodium benzoate, which studies have shown can become toxic when used in products than contain vitamin C, like lemon or lime. This mixture creates benzene, a chemical that has been linked to leukemia and other cancers, according to the Center for Science in the Public Interest. Daly also said drinking these sort of cocktails will make people feel 'cheated' and 'craving more.' 'To drink light anything gives you permission to do more,' she added. Regardless of the amount of calories it contains, alcohol is metabolized more quickly in the liver because it's a toxin, Upton added. This slows down the fat burning process. A 1992 study published in the New England Journal of Medicine found alcohol temporarily inhibits lipid oxidation, or makes it more difficult for the body to burn fat that’s already there. Alcohol isn't digested like other foods when consumed. In fact, it forgoes the normal digestive process and goes directly into the bloodstream. On average, about 20 percent of alcohol enters the bloodstream through the stomach and 80 percent is absorbed into the bloodstream through the small intestine, according to Dr Tania Elliot, chief medical officer at EHE International. Then it goes to the liver where enzymes break it down. Alcohol, which is more quickly stored as fat than even excess calories from sugar (carbohydrate) or from protein, contributes to weight gain 'because of the liver's job in processing it; since the liver considers alcohol a toxin, it will go to work on it first, before fat, protein, or carbohydrate,' wrote registered dietitian Susan Burke March. Furthermore, a 2010 study published in the BMJ revealed drinking alcohol can slow digestion. This process, which occurs regardless of how many calories are in an alcoholic drink, slows down the burning of fat, which leads to weight gain. 'Your body can't store calories for alcohol the way that food calories are, so the alcohol metabolism gets prioritized over food, making the food more likely to tuck away into calories for fat storage,' Dr Elliot told Daily Mail Online. Daly said there are too many variables, such as digestion issues, stress, and anxiety, to determine how alcohol is going to be processed. However, experts say lower calorie drinks do have some benefits when consumed in moderation because contain fewer empty calories. ‘The benefits of a lower calorie alcoholic beverage is that it can help you save some calories,’ Upton said. ‘Many mixed drinks can have 400 or more calories per drink, so it’s not uncommon for people to drink more than 1,000 calories worth of alcoholic beverages without even realizing it.’ Daly adds said people should drink in moderation and obsess too much about how many calories a drink have. 'I go for a glass of champagne, it's cleaner and has low sugar. It's such a simple process and there's no chemicals in it,' Daly told Daily Mail Online. 'Enjoy it for what it is, regardless of how many calories it has, but then get right back on track,' she added. 'There's an advantage to incorporating Skinnygirl drinks occasionally - not from the positive health effects, but for enjoyment of having a drink,' Daly said. Dr Elliot added that when drinking people should take small sips and 'switch off with carbonated beverages like seltzer - it helps you feel more full.' 
967898803339694081	2018-02-25 23:07:12	https://t.co/vtSSqBWRLq	Images of very similar meals reveal how adding extra 'healthy' foods such can DOUBLE the calorie count https://t.co/vtSSqBWRLq	 Food bloggers has revealed how making a very small tweak to a plate of food by serving yourself a slightly larger portion size or adding just a few - supposedly 'healthy' - extra ingredients can double the amount of calories you're consuming. Australian dietician Paula Norris, regularly shares plates of seemingly identical meals on Instagram that prove how you can accidentally ruin your diet with that extra slice of avocado or using just one teaspoon of oil while cooking. One of her snaps shows two plates of steak with rice noodles and a salad of lettuce, cherry tomatoes, avocado and red onion with a soy, lime and sesame oil dressing, which look exactly the same. However, one meal has almost 800 calories due to an extra slice of avocado, an additional teaspoon of sesame oil, and 80g more of untrimmed steak that's been fried in oil, while the second version has just over 400 calories because the steak is grilled and some of the noodles have been replaced with extra veg. Amanda Meixner, 26, from Ohio also regularly shares her meal plans and healthy eating tips with her 476,000 Instagram followers, and has recently posted a series of images showing the calorie difference between two seemingly identical plates of food, inspired by Paula. One image shows two eggs and two eggs whites scrambled with half an avocado on toast and a sliced apple, which amounts to just over 500 calories. But adding the rest of the avocado, two more eggs and a spoonful of peanut butter more than doubles the calorie count to over a 1,000. Meanwhile a 472 calorie snack of yoghurt, dark chocolate, nut butter and berries suddenly becomes almost 900 calories with the addition of 40g more chocolate and 2 extra tablespoons of cashew butter. Their posts seem especially pertinent following the release of figures from the Office for National Statistics showing that British people are underestimating their calorie intake by 50 per cent – fuelling obesity levels. Men typically have 1,000 more calories every day than they account for, while women consumed about 800 more than they estimate, and the more food people consume, the less reliable their estimates are. Meanwhile, data from The Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations shows that the average American consumes more than 3,600 calories daily. If you want to avoid piling extra calories on to your plate, Amanda recommends tricks such as having veggies noodles instead of sweet potatoes or pasta. 'Skip the extra olives or extra fats for more veggies,' she recommended. Swap out some eggs for egg whites - only 17 calories per one.' Isabella Fish for The Daily Mail writes... Britons are underestimating their calorie intake by 50 per cent – fuelling obesity levels, it has emerged. Men typically have 1,000 more calories every day than they account for, while women consumed about 800 more than they estimate, according to figures from the Office for National Statistics. The research also found that the more food Britons consume, the less reliable their estimates are. Experts have suggested that people do not like to ‘be taken for slobs’ and so end up lying to themselves about how much they actually eat. According to the data, men consumed 3,119 calories a day despite claiming that they had only 2,065. The recommended intake for men is 2,500 a day. Women claimed that they consumed an average of 1,570 calories a day – nearly 500 calories less than the recommended intake of 2,000 – but the real figure was in fact 2,393. The data comes as Public Health England (PHE) prepares to launch a new calorie-counting campaign, in order to try to tackle the obesity crisis. A third of children are obese or overweight by the time they leave primary school. The figures suggest that the average person underestimates the number of calories they consume every day, fuelling the epidemic. For the survey, 4,500 adults were asked to keep track of their calorie consumption over four days. The scientists then looked at how much energy the body used in order to calculate the real number of calories consumed. The survey found that 34 per cent of the participants claimed to be consuming less than physically required to stay alive. And the more overweight the people were, the less reliable the account was, according to the research. Tam Fry, of the National Obesity Forum, told the Daily Telegraph: ‘People lie and I am not surprised that they do when it comes to food. They wish not to be taken for slobs, even though they may be just that.’ He said that the new national calorie counting campaign, which is set to begin next month, was an ‘absolutely ridiculous’ attempt to solve the problem because it was unrealistic. The PHE advice in the One You nutrition campaign will tell adults to limit breakfast to 400 calories and dinners and lunches to just 600 calories. The average recommended calorie consumption levels remain at 2,500 calories for men and 2,000 for women, according to those behind the campaign. But the guidance is a ‘rule of thumb’ to try to help Britons cut down the number of calories they consume. The average adult is eating 200 to 250 more calories every day than they should, health officials say. However, the new data suggests that this could be largely underestimated. International research shows that Britain is the fattest country in Western Europe. The rise in obesity levels has been linked to larger portion sizes, changes in diet, junk food, takeaway meals and snacks. 
967884598221950976	2018-02-25 22:10:45	https://t.co/81ci0Tp3J5	Humans are evolving an 'ultimate hangover' gene that may stop us from becoming addicted to alcohol https://t.co/81ci0Tp3J5	 Humans may be evolving an 'ultimate hangover' gene to protect against alcoholism. That's according to a new study that looked at a variant of a gene that makes booze intolerable to the body. Scientists claim this gene variant is being favoured by evolution - and, in time, could stop us from drinking alcohol in the future. The study, published in the journal Nature Ecology & Evolution, was authored by two researchers at the University of Pennsylvania. They worked with colleagues to analyse data from a database of 2,500 living people from the 1000 Genomes Project, a project which ran between 2008 and 2015 creating the largest public catalogue of human variation and genotype data. In order to focus on gene variants that are on their way to becoming established in humans, the researchers looked for variants that have emerged across many different populations, according to New Scientist. Identifying shared genetic events across populations could identify genes and human traits important in recent history across the globe, the researchers write in their study. One screening tool used widely by medical professionals is the AUDIT (Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Tests). Developed in collaboration with the World Health Organisation, the 10-question test is considered to be the gold standard in helping to determine if someone has alcohol abuse problems. The test has been reproduced here with permission from the WHO. To complete it, answer each question and note down the corresponding score. YOUR SCORE: 0-7: You are within the sensible drinking range and have a low risk of alcohol-related problems. Over 8: Indicate harmful or hazardous drinking. 8-15: Medium level of risk. Drinking at your current level puts you at risk of developing problems with your health and life in general, such as work and relationships. Consider cutting down (see below for tips). 16-19: Higher risk of complications from alcohol. Cutting back on your own may be difficult at this level, as you may be dependent, so you may need professional help from your GP and/or a counsellor. 20 and over: Possible dependence. Your drinking is already causing you problems, and you could very well be dependent. You should definitely consider stopping gradually or at least reduce your drinking. You should seek professional help to ascertain the level of your dependence and the safest way to withdraw from alcohol. Severe dependence may need medically assisted withdrawal, or detox, in a hospital or a specialist clinic. This is due to the likelihood of severe alcohol withdrawal symptoms in the first 48 hours needing specialist treatment. The researchers looked at gene variants that are emerging in different populations, for example in both westernmost Europe and easternmost Asia. The researchers chose these variants because they must have either spread rapidly across different geographic locations, or come about independently and remained over time. The researchers discovered five hotspots of recent genetic change, one of them associated with the ADH gene, which breaks down alcohol. The ADH gene produces an enzyme called alcohol dehydrogenase, which breaks down alcohol into acetaldehyde, a toxic compound that is converted into acetate, a harmless substance, by another enzyme. New variants of the ADH gene have arisen independently in both Asia and Africa in the last few 10,000 years. All of the variants seem to protect against alcohol addiction, although it is not certain how they do this. They may break down alcohol so quickly that the toxic acetaldehyde accumulated faster than the body can break it down, leading the person the feel sick after drinking small amounts of alcohol and making it unlikely that they would be able to drink enough to develop alcoholism. According to Benjamin Voight, a co-author of the study, these gene variants may arise in societies where alcohol consumption is prevalent, where people who drank heavily would die, whereas those who didn't drink much alcohol survived and passed on their genes to their children. However, if this is the case, it is not clear why these variants are not equally prevalent in Europe and the Americas. 'It may be that we just didn't detect it,' says Voight. The other four genetic variant hotspots are associated with other biological mechanisms such as malarial resistance (detected in Africa and Asia), suggesting that some populations may be developing resistance to the potentially fatal disease. In Europe, a gene that prevents the breakdown of an amino acid linked to heart problems has been found to be on the rise, as well as a gene involved in the correct positioning of the urethra on the penis. Two sections of DNA from Neanderthals also seems to be prevalent, one of which is involved in testicular function. The 1000 Genomes Project ran between 2008 and 2015, creating the largest public catalogue of human variation and genotype data. The goal of the 1000 Genomes Project was to find most genetic variants with frequencies at at least 1% in the populations studied. The project took advantage of developments in sequencing technology, which sharply reduced the cost of sequencing. It was the first project to sequence the genomes of a large number of people to provide a comprehensive resource on human genetic variation. Data from the 1000 Genomes Project was quickly made available to the worldwide scientific community through freely accessible public databases. 
967868501875740672	2018-02-25 21:06:47	https://t.co/h2UGfJqVmd	Having children ages women MORE than smoking and obesity https://t.co/h2UGfJqVmd	 Having children ages women's DNA by 11 years, new research suggests. Giving birth shortens women's telomeres by around 4.2 per cent, a study found. Telomeres ‘cap’ the end of DNA strands, with longer lengths being associated with slower aging, longer lifespans and improved overall health. Such an extent of telomere shortening is greater than the effects of smoking or obesity demonstrated in previous studies. Study author Dr Anna Pollack from George Mason University, Virginia, told New Scientist: 'We were surprised to find such a striking result. It is equivalent to around 11 years of accelerated cellular ageing.' Researchers believe this may be due to the stress of raising children, particularly in countries without mandatory maternity leave, such as the US. They stress, however, more research into the link between motherhood and genetic ageing is required, with Dr Pollack adding: 'We’re not saying "don’t have children". Bicarbonate of soda helps women avoid Caesarean-sections, research suggested in January 2017. When dissolved in water, the kitchen staple enables between 17 and 20 per cent of women having slow or difficult labours to give birth naturally, without harming their babies, a study found. Speaking on the BBC's Today show, study author Professor Susan Wray from the University of Liverpool explained bicarb neutralises acids in the uterus, which increases women's likelihood of giving birth vaginally. The bicarbonate used is the standard type available in supermarkets. Around one-in-four births in the UK and one-in-three in the US are carried out via c-section. Although usually safe, the procedure can cause blood clots, excessive bleeding and womb infections. The researchers, which included scientists from the Karolinska Institute in Sweden, analysed 200 women who had difficult or slow labours. Some of the women then drank water containing bicarbonate of soda. One hour later, they were given the hormone oxytocin, which is the standard-of-care during slow deliveries and causes the uterus to contract. Those not given bicarb were administered oxytocin immediately. The researchers believe consuming bicarb is a simple, cost-effective way to improve the wellbeing of mothers during labour all over the world. How the research was carried out The researchers from George Mason University, Virginia, analysed 1,505 women aged between 20 and 44 who took part in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey between 1999 and 2002. Of which, 444 had never given birth. This survey was chosen because it measured its participants' telomere lengths via blood samples. The study's participants' live birth histories were determined via a questionnaire. The findings were published in the journal Human Reproduction. 'It’s like adding three more drops to a teaspoon' The results contradict a study carried out in Malaysian women, which suggested having more children lengthens telomeres. According to the more recent investigation's researchers, this may be due to the participants in the former study receiving greater social support. Sex slows DNA ageing in women This comes after research released in July last year suggests having sex at least once a week slows aging in women, even if they do not enjoy being intimate. Being active between the sheets increases the length of women's telomeres, a study found. Women's telomeres lengthen with regular love making regardless of whether they are sexually satisfied in their relationship, the research adds. Researchers from the University of California in San Francisco believe sex may aid aging in women by dampening stress and boosting their immune systems. 
967861795431047168	2018-02-25 20:40:08	https://t.co/YOitf7CT4V	American tourist suspected of woman's murder in custody in Japan https://t.co/YOitf7CT4V	 An American man suspected in the murder of a Japanese woman is currently in custody in Japan. Police say Yevgeniy Vasilievich Bayraktar, 26, is being questioned after the severed head of an unidentified woman, 27, was found inside his vacation rental at Osaka’s Higashinari Ward on February 24. The New York man and Sanda woman, 27, were last spotted together on security footage at the JR Morinomiya Station in Osaka around midnight on February 16, just hours before she went missing, according to Asahi. Police say only her head was found in a suitcase. Bayraktar was seen entering and leaving the apartment several times on February 16 with the suitcase. The woman was not seen leaving. A search had been conducted after police received a tip about Bayraktar confining the woman in the apartment. He was arrested on February 22 on suspicion of locking up the victim. The pair reportedly met on a 'social networking site' before making plans to arrange a trip, the woman informed one of her friends prior. The newspaper reports the suspect denied the allegations and has remained silent when asked questions. This is a developing story. Please check back for updates. 
967852189149429760	2018-02-25 20:01:58	https://t.co/g275Zf9a3B	Egyptians used the autumnal equinox to position Giza along the points of the compass 4,500 years ago, claims expert https://t.co/g275Zf9a3B	 The secret to how the ancient Egyptians achieved the near-perfect alignment of the Great Pyramid of Giza may have finally been uncovered. Ancient engineers used shadows cast during the equinox to line up the 4,500-year-old structure with the cardinal points, north-south-east-west, an expert says. The theory may finally reveal how the Egyptians aligned the pyramid's walls without the use of modern technology, a mystery that has long puzzled archaeologists. Glen Dash, an Connecticut-based engineer who studies the Giza pyramids, says the ancient people used a technique known as the 'Indian circle method' to position the monument. He said they created points-of-reference using the sun during the autumn equinox - a day halfway between the summer and winter solstices when day and night are of equal length. Using a wooden rod known as gnomon, the Egyptians tracked the path of the sun throughout the day to help them draw perfect lines running east-west. 'The builders of the Great Pyramid of Khufu aligned the great monument to the cardinal points with an accuracy of better than four minutes of arc, or one-fifteenth of one degree,' Mr Dash wrote in a new paper. He added that all three of Egypt's largest pyramids, including another located at Giza, 'Khafre', and the 'Red Pyramid' found at nearby Dahshur, share the same high degree of accuracy in their alignment with the cardinal points. 'All three pyramids exhibit the same manner of error; they are rotated slightly counterclockwise from the cardinal points,' he wrote. The Indian circle method allows you to accurately draw a line running east-west with a simple set of equipment. It involves plotting the path of the sun throughout the day using the shadow it casts from a rod or pole stuck vertically into the ground. As the sun moves through the sky, the shadow shifts across the floor like the point on a sundial. If you plot the shadow's position on the ground every half an hour, you are left with a curved 'shadow line'. The curvature of this line changes depending on the time of year because the sun sits at different points in the sky. At the end of the day, with a curved shadow line drawn, you must wrap a short, taut piece of string around the vertical pole. When moved around the rod in a circle, the end of the string should intercept two points on the shadow line. Drawing a new line through these two points creates a line running precisely east-west. On the day of the autumn equinox it is possible to create a perfectly straight shadow line that runs east-west, with no need for the second, string line. The day is halfway between the summer and winter solstices, so day and night are of equal length, meaning the sun is perfectly centred in the sky. As a proof-of-concept, the engineer conducted his own experiment, using a gnomon to cast shadows starting on September 22, 2016 - the first day of the autumn equinox that year. He plotted the path of the sun throughout the day using the shadow it cast from a wooden pole or 'gnomon' stuck vertically into the ground. As the sun moved through the sky, the shadow shifted across the floor like the point on a sundial. Mr Dash plotted where the sun's shadow sat on a piece of paper on the ground every minute for around half an hour, forming a straight series of points. Drawing a line through these points created a near-perfect east-west line because during the equinox the sun is almost perfectly centred in the sky. Mr Dash wrote: 'On the equinox, the surveyor will find that the tip of the shadow runs in a straight line and nearly perfectly east-west.' The engineer said this technique only works on the autumn equinox because of specific tilt of the Earth on that day. The Valley of the Kings in upper Egypt is one of the country's main tourist attractions, situated next to the Giza pyramid complex. The majority of the pharaohs of the 18th to 20th dynasties, who ruled from 1550 to 1069 BC, rested in the tombs which were cut into the local rock. The royal tombs are decorated with scenes from Egyptian mythology and give clues as to the beliefs and funerary rituals of the period. Almost all of the tombs were opened and looted centuries ago, but the sites still give an idea of the opulence and power of the Pharaohs. The most famous pharaoh at the site is Tutankhamen, whose tomb was discovered in 1922. Preserved to this day, in the tomb are original decorations of sacred imagery from, among others, the Book of Gates or the Book of Caverns. These are among the most important funeral texts found on the walls of ancient Egyptian tombs. Creating a line in this way creates a slight degree of error counterclockwise - an alignment blip found in the Great Pyramid, Khafre Pyramid and Red Pyramid. Though his experiment was conducted in Connecticut, Mr Dash said the same technique would have worked in Giza. He added that the Egyptians could have calculated the day of the autumn equinox by counting forward 91 days after the summer solstice. All the pyramid's engineers would have needed was a 'clear sunny day, like most of the days at Giza', to plot the monument's walls, he told Live Science. Mr Dash admits that the Egyptians could have used other methods involving the position of the sun or stars to align the pyramids. 'The Egyptians, unfortunately, left us few clues,' he wrote. 'No engineering documents or architectural plans have been found that give technical explanations demonstrating how the ancient Egyptians aligned any of their temples or pyramids.' The engineer noted that his theory has the advantage of being less complicated than other methods. 'It is hard to imagine a method that could be simpler, either conceptually or in practice,' he wrote. 
967839375315873793	2018-02-25 19:11:03	https://t.co/kKLicHNFER	Heartbroken dog with four puppies stares longingly at same commuter train every night at Indian station https://t.co/kKLicHNFER	 Heartbreaking footage shows a stray dog gaze longingly at a train every night as if waiting for a familiar face to emerge. At 11pm the female dog stands on Platform 1 at Kanjurmarg Station in Mumbai, India, and stares at a train bound for Kalyan. She peers into the same women-only carriage every time then, when no one gets off, chases the train as it pulls away, the Mumbai Mirror reported. The confusing ritual, captured on CCTV as far back as January 2, has sparked the theory that she is looking for a previous owner who abandoned her at the station. Local resident Sameer Thorat filmed the little dog's heartbreaking behaviour last week and posted it to social media, where it went viral. The female dog has become such a familiar sight at the station that locals began feeding her and her four puppies. Some commuters believe her former owner was a lady who could no longer look after her, while others suspect the dog is waiting for a traveller who used to feed her. Mr Thorat told the Mumbai Mirror: 'I spotted the dog while returning from work. 'The way it waits for the late-night trains and tries to peek inside the ladies coach, it seems it is searching for a particular person who either fed it regularly or left it behind.' Sourav Verma, who has been feeding the dog, said: 'We have become friends. It even takes me to its pups. 'I am looking for people who would adopt them after following proper procedure.'
967838225099304961	2018-02-25 19:06:29	https://t.co/EvvF4R6UmL	7.5-magnitude earthquake strikes Papua New Guinea https://t.co/EvvF4R6UmL https://t.co/9IKRLNZfj6	 Papua New Guinea has been struck by a 7.5-magnitude earthquake The quake's epicentre was around 55 miles south of Porgera in Enga province, according to United States Geological Survey, and hit at a depth of 21 miles. USGS said some casualties and damage were possible and recent earthquakes in the area had caused tsunamis and landslides. It said homes in the region were 'a mix of vulnerable and earthquake resistant construction'. The impact should be relatively localised, it added. Geological Survey geophysicist Paul Caruso said the quake occurred in a rural, jungle area near a mountain range. There have already been reports of a blackout in the aftermath of the earthquake. Earthquakes are common in PNG, which sits on the so-called Pacific Ring of Fire, a hotspot for seismic activity due to friction between tectonic plates. The USA's Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said in a statement: 'Based on all available data, a destructive Pacific-wide tsunami is not expected.' The Geological Survey website had 19 reports of feeling the quake, including some saying the shaking was violent. Earlier today, a 5.5-magnitude earthquake struck 78 miles from Honshu, Japan, according to the Geological Survey. The quake had a depth of 6.2 miles, the USGS said.
967834338208477186	2018-02-25 18:51:02	https://t.co/PKe6Mpw0vn	Amazing underwater pictures show how animals even including an ELEPHANT get in the swim https://t.co/PKe6Mpw0vn	 This stunning set of photos show animals lurking under the water, including a majestic elephant paddling below the surface. The show show a whole host of underwater scenes, from a colossal whale shark floating below a boat, to an enormous Barrel Jellyfish captured at dusk. They also show a curious bear poking at an underwater camera while submerged, as well as a serene seal floating in the sea. In some of the pictures, smiling people can be seen mere metres away from the majestic and, in some cases, deadly creatures. They are taken from all around the world, ranging from the North East of England to the waters of Cuba. The awe-inspiring photos will make you wonder what's out there beneath you next time you go for a swim.
967831833663672321	2018-02-25 18:41:05	https://t.co/6hIEwA4KEz	Dolce and Gabbana fashion chiefs use DRONES to show off their handbags at Milan showhttps://t.co/6hIEwA4KEz	 The Dolce and Gabbana fashion show in Milan has delighted attendees by using drones to fly handbags down the catwalk. Guests were reportedly kept waiting 45 minutes - after organisers had to ensure everyone turned off their Wi-Fi - while being kept in the dark about the upcoming demonstration. The drones' appearance was accompanied by a Kendrick Lamar song - 'All The Stars' - while men and women wearing white lab coats walked alongside the aircraft with remote controls. But after the exhibition of nifty technology, old-fashioned human models were brought out to show off D&G's latest clothes.
967830319649951744	2018-02-25 18:35:04	https://t.co/te62ZDVgfv	Terrifying moment passenger's bag catches fire before brave stewardess puts it out with bottle of water https://t.co/te62ZDVgfv	 Flight attendants on a China Southern airplane were forced to move quickly after a fire broke out in the overhead storage. A passenger and a flight attendant are seen throwing a bottle of water and another container of juice onto a bag in the overhead luggage. Smoke is seen filling the cabin after a power bank caught fire. It continues to rage on but after a couple of attempts they eventually manage to put out the flames. The fire was put out with the help of fire and security departments and did not cause further damage to the plane. Passengers were delayed for nearly three hours after the flight from Shanghai Hongqiao International Airport to Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport departed at 2.53pm China time on a replacement plane, according to live flight tracking site FlightAware. The passenger whose bag caught alight as people were boarding flight CZ3539 was taken in by police questioning. It is not believed the power bank was in use at the time of the incident. It does not appear as if there were any injuries from the fire. Lithium-ion batteries, which are used in electronic devices such as mobile phone, laptops and power banks, are banned as cargo on passenger aircrafts but are usually allowed on as hand luggage. The shocking footage has gone viral on social media, raking thousands of retweets and likes on Twitter. Shocked viewers expressed their dismay that flight attendants did not use a fire extinguisher on the flames. Peter O'Tube tweeted: 'Where's the portable fire extinguisher?' Kawasook tweeted: 'So much wrong with this. That’s a chemical fire. Water will not do.' Philip added: 'Shocking treatment of the fire! Aircraft involved is shown to be B-2009, a Boeing 777-300ER, which, at least by European CS-25 standards, should be equipped with at least 4 hand fire extinguishers "conveniently located and evenly distributed".' 
967817777678635008	2018-02-25 17:45:14	https://t.co/hHYuQ4uYGU	Iraqi court sentences 15 Turkish women including four with young children to death for belonging to ISIS https://t.co/hHYuQ4uYGU	 A court in Iraq has sentenced 15 Turkish women to death for being members of ISIS. Another Turkish woman accused of joining the jihadist group was given a life sentence, a judicial official said, adding that they had all acknowledged the charges against them. Four of the women - all of whom were dressed in black - were accompanied by young children, he said. Aged between 20 and 50, the women said they had entered Iraq illegally to join their husbands who were heading to fight for the self-proclaimed caliphate straddling vast areas of Iraq and Syria, the official added. One of them told the judge she had taken part in fighting against Iraqi forces alongside the jihadists, he said. Supreme Judicial Council spokesman Abdel Sattar Bayraqdar told AFP the women had a month to appeal. Last week, another group of foreign widows of ISIS fighters told a court hearing attended they had been fooled or threatened by their husbands to head to Iraq. Iraq, which has detained at least 560 women, as well as 600 children, identified as jihadist or relatives of suspected ISIS fighters, is wasting no time in putting them on trial. In January, a court sentenced a German woman to death on charges of providing logistical support to ISIS, and a Turkish woman was earlier this month also handed the death penalty. Human Rights Watch denounced the rulings as 'unfair'. Earlier this week, a Baghdad court sentenced a French woman, Melina Boughedir, to seven months in jail for entering Iraq illegally but ordered her release on time already served. Baghdad declared military victory over ISIS in December, after having expelled the jihadists from all urban centres they had held in northern and western Iraq since 2014. Experts estimate that 20,000 people are being held in jail in Iraq for alleged membership of ISIS. There is no official figure. Separately, authorities in Iraqi Kurdistan said in early February they had detained some 4,000 suspected ISIS members, including foreigners. Iraq's anti-terrorism law empowers courts to convict people who are believed to have helped ISIS even if they are not accused of carrying out attacks. It also allows for the death penalty to be issued against anyone - including non-combatants - found guilty of belonging to ISIS. 
967816726338469888	2018-02-25 17:41:03	https://t.co/VGQaQeFzEN	Church of the Holy Sepulchre closed today in a protest by Christian leaders https://t.co/VGQaQeFzEN	 Leaders of the major Christian sects in Jerusalem closed the church built on the traditional site of Jesus' crucifixion and resurrection for several hours today in protest. The Christian leaders responsible for the site issued a joint statement bemoaning what they called a 'systematic campaign of abuse' against them, comparing it to anti-Jewish laws issued in Nazi Germany. They are angry about the Jerusalem municipality plans to tax their various assets around the city and a potential parliament bill to expropriate land sold by the Greek Orthodox and Roman Catholic churches. The churches, which are major landowners in the holy city, say it violates a long standing status quo. The Greek Orthodox, Roman Catholic and the Armenian Apostolic leaders said the moves seemed like an attempt to 'weaken the Christian presence in Jerusalem.' The Church of the Holy Sepulchre is a major place of worship in Jerusalem's Old City. Christians revere it as the site where Jesus was crucified and where his tomb is located, and its closing is highly unusual. The Jerusalem municipality said it would continue to care for the needs of Jerusalem's Christians and maintain their full freedom of worship. It said the church, just like other sacred sites in the city, is exempt from municipal property taxes and that will not change. 'However, hotels, halls and businesses cannot be exempt from municipal taxes simply because they are owned by the churches. These are not houses of worship,' it said in a statement. 'We will no longer require Jerusalem's residents to bear the burden of these huge sums.' Jerusalem is one of the country's poorest cities, and the tax revenue from the properties is estimated to be tens of millions of dollars. Separately, parliament is pursuing a bill that will appropriate lands in Israel sold by churches to anonymous buyers since 2010. The bill's sponsor said these questionable sales have plunged thousands of Jerusalem residents into uncertainty over their living conditions.
967815868175577091	2018-02-25 17:37:38	https://t.co/4TG5E1ylC8	Boko Haram militants have still got 110 girls nearly a week after terrifying raid on Nigerian school https://t.co/4TG5E1ylC8	 Some 110 girls remain unaccounted for nearly a week after an attack on a school in the town of Dapchi, Nigeria, the country's information ministry said on Sunday. Insurgents believed to be from the Islamist militant group Boko Haram invaded the school, with 906 students, in the northeastern state of Yobe on Monday. Of the hundreds of students 110 have not been accounted for, information minister Lai Mohammed announced, while parents released a list of the girls they say are missing. The fate of the girls is not yet known, though it is feared they have been abducted as brides for the Boko Haram extremists, who in 2014 kidnapped 276 girls from a boarding school in Chibok and forced them to marry their captors. The militants arrived on Monday evening, sending many fleeing into the surrounding bush amid the hail of gunfire. While Nigeria's president has called the disappearances a 'national disaster', local officials at first falsely indicated that some had been rescued. One parent, Bashir Manzo, earlier said parents compiled a list of 101 missing children and presented it to the governor. Mr Manzo, whose daughter Fatima is still unaccounted for, said: 'This list did not come from the school management or any government source but collated by us from the parents of the girls,' he said. The state governor, Ibrahim Gaidam, 'told us the girls have not been found and we should continue to pray for their safe return,' another parent, Rabiu Sani, said. While it appears that many students at the school did go into hiding, Mr Manzo said those children are now back with their families. 'All those that fled into the bush had been brought back to the school on Tuesday, and a roll call was taken after which they had all gone home to meet their parents,' he said. Boko Haram horrified the world when it abducted 276 girls from a boarding school in Chibok almost four years ago. While some escaped and many others were released as part of negotiations, about 100 remain with their captors. The extremist group has kidnapped thousands of people over the years. Boko Haram fighters invaded Dapchi on Monday evening, forcing residents, including students of Government Girls Secondary school, to flee into the bushes. Police and the state ministry of education initially denied claims that students were seized. Student Aishatu Abdullahi was among those who escaped on foot and spent the night hiding in an abandoned house. 'They were shooting guns and everyone was confused,' she told reporters. 'We saw some people pushing some of the students to enter their vehicles.' Nigeria's government has repeatedly claimed in the past year that Boko Haram has been defeated, but the group continues to carry out deadly suicide bombings and other attacks. This latest attack poses a challenge for President Muhamamdu Buhari ahead of next year's elections. 'I share the anguish of all the parents and guardians of the girls that remain unaccounted for,' Buhari tweeted on Wednesday evening. 'I would like to assure them that we are doing all in our power to ensure the safe return of all the girls.' The Dapchi attack calls into question how far pledges to improve security at schools have been implemented nearly four years after Chibok. The Chibok abduction in April 2014 brought sustained international attention to the insurgency for the first time, largely via the hashtag #BringBackOurGirls. A total of 276 girls were seized, of whom 57 escaped in the immediate aftermath. Since May last year, 107 have either escaped or been released as part of a government-brokered deal. Last month the group, led by Abubakar Shekau, released a new video of the kidnapped schoolgirls claiming they do not want to return to their parents. Security analysts suggested government ransom payments to secure the release of the Chibok girls could have given the under-pressure group an incentive for financing. 
967809061965135878	2018-02-25 17:10:36	https://t.co/xeVL4Ct537	Bridegroom and his grandmother, 85, are killed when wedding present turns out to be parcel bomb https://t.co/xeVL4Ct537	 An Indian bridegroom and his grandmother were killed by a parcel bomb disguised as a wedding present. Soumya Sekhar and Reema Sahu were married on February 18 in the eastern state of Odisha and opened the 'gift' at a reception several days later. The package was actually a bomb, which exploded as it was unwrapped, leaving Mr Sehu and 85-year-old Jemamani Sahu with fatal injuries. Both died of their injuries in hospital. Mr Sehu's wife was critically injured in the blast, local police told the BBC. The package did not have the sender's address on it, officers added. Authorities are unsure of the motive for the attack but suspect the person responsible lived locally. 
967809001839890434	2018-02-25 17:10:21	https://t.co/hNUJuoKnYV	Kim Jong-un says North Korea is finally ready to hold talks with the US as the Winter Olympics draw to a close https://t.co/hNUJuoKnYV	 Kim Jong-un has made the first step in trying to bury the hatchet with the US by saying he was open to talks. After months of tension with the North Korean leader showing off his nuclear prowess and President Trump showing he would take no nonsense from Kim, the first sign of peace was revealed in Pyeongchang on Sunday. Kim's group of lackeys who are in South Korea for the closing of the Winter Olympics, told the country's leader that North Korea was ready for talks. The offer came as a huge surprise as Kim had been digging his heels in and continuing his campaign against the US with a number of angry threats. Washington had also imposed fresh sanctions on Friday, with Donald Trump describing them as the heaviest ever. Pyongyang denounced them on Sunday just as South Korean President Moon Jae-in held a secret meeting with Kim's delegation in Pyeongchang. The disclosure that the peace moves were on offer came after his meeting with North Korean General Kim Yong Chol. President Moon was keen to stress that improvements in relations between the US and North Korea should run alongside a developing relationship between his country and his neighbors North Korea. All this came as a president's daughter Ivanka went on a handshaking diplomatic spree around the games, although she carefully avoided the North Korean delegation. South Korea's presidential office released a brief statement saying that Pyongyang had expressed willingness to hold talks with Washington. The North has 'ample intentions of holding talks with the United States,' according to the office. The North's delegation also agreed that 'South-North relations and U.S.-North Korean relations should be improved together,' Moon's office, known as the Blue House, said. Senior North Korean official Kim Yong Chol, Moon Jae-in and Ivanka Trump sat in two rows of seats behind the Olympic rings during the Olympic closing ceremony on Sunday. Trump and Kim did not appear to communicate. The development was particularly striking given that Kim Yong Chol, now vice chairman of North Korea's ruling Workers' Party Central Committee, is suspected of masterminding a lethal 2010 military attack on the South. More than 200 anti-Pyongyang protesters, waving South Korean and U.S. flags, banging drums and holding signs like 'Killer Kim Yong Chol go to hell,' rallied in streets near the park. They denounced the South Korean government's decision to allow the visit. There were no major clashes. 
967791571251982336	2018-02-25 16:01:05	https://t.co/YEgKj4Hfqn	Sacred Mayan relics are found alongside ancient human remains in under water cave https://t.co/YEgKj4Hfqn	 Archaeologists exploring the world's biggest flooded cave in Mexico have discovered 9,000-year-old human remains, as well as the bones of animals who roamed the Earth during the last Ice Age. Experts believe water levels in the caves fluctuated throughout their history, and that they were used to quench the thirst of animals and people in the region during times of severe drought. They also proved perilous, however, and some of the creatures who ventured inside never made it out alive. Today, their remains are a treasure trove for researchers, allowing them to piece together parts of the cave's past, dating all the way back to the Pleistocene epoch, between 2.6 million and 11,700 years ago. Sacred relics from the later Mayan civilisation were also uncovered, suggesting they followed the path of their stone age ancestors. Experts have declared the caves 'the most important submerged archaeological site in the world.' Scroll down for video Scuba divers made the find while exploring the Sac Actun cave system in the Mexican state of Quintana Roo, the largest flooded cave system in the world with 248 underwater pools connected by 215 miles (347 km) of tunnels. They have been exploring the artefacts left in the caves over the millennia, in a project sponsored by Mexico's National Institute of Anthropology and History (INAH). As part of the project, they have discovered 200 archaeological sites in the cave system, near the beach resort of Tulum. Animal remains ranging from gomphotheres, an extinct elephant-like animal, to giant sloths and bears, were uncovered. Then there are the relics left inside by humans, including burnt human bones, ceramics, wall etchings and more. The cave's discovery has rocked the archaeological world. 'I think it's overwhelming. Without a doubt it's the most important submerged archaeological site in the world,' said Guillermo de Anda, researcher at INAH. 'It is very unlikely that there is another site in the world with these characteristics. There is an impressive amount of archaeological artefacts inside, and the level of preservation is also impressive.' Dr de Anda is also director of GAM, which is dedicated to the study and preservation of the subterranean waters of the Yucatan peninsula. Water levels in the region rose 330 feet (100m) at the end of the Ice Age, flooding the cave system and leading to 'ideal conditions for the preservation of the remains of extinct megafauna from the Pleistocene,' he says. Of the sites discovered around 140 are from the Mayan civilisation, which first established cities in around 750 AD and dominated large parts of the Americas for hundreds of years. In the 8th and 9th century AD, a large chunk of their civilisation mysteriously collapsed, although the reason for this has been hotly debated. The Great Mayan Aquifer (GAM) project, which oversaw the dive, was created to discover if there are links between the Mayans and earlier, pre-ceramic, human societies which existed on the continent. A total of 198 objects were found in the cave system, including walls, altars and a Mayan burial site with human remains. Of these, 138 are believed to be from the post-classic Mayan period, 900 to 1200 AD, and the 60 remaining objects seem to be from pre-ceramic era of 10,000 to 4,000 BC. The relics include a shrine to the Mayan god of war and commerce, with a staircase accessed through a sink-hole in the middle of the jungle. Many other of the hundreds of sink-holes that connect to the cave have elaborate signs of ritual activity around them, archaeologists said. The ancient Mayans viewed caves, 'and especially ones that led to water, as extremely sacred places,' the INAH said. Experts also believe that the evidence shows the Mayans made use of existing spaces with religious significance for their ancestors. 'This is a very clear phenomenon of appropriation of sacred spaces, the underwater pools, the caves and the modification the ancient Mayans made,' Dr de Anda added. In January, it was reported that a group of divers had connected two underwater caverns in eastern Mexico to reveal what is believed to be the biggest flooded cave on the planet. A team from GAM, said the cave system was identified after months of exploring a maze of underwater channels. The project found that the cave system, once measured at 163 miles (262km), is actually connected with the 53 mile (85km) Dos Ojos system. In a statement, GAM said for that reason, Sac Actun now absorbs Dos Ojos. GAM director and underwater archaeologist Guillermo de Anda hailed the discovery as an 'amazing' find. He also said it would help to understand the rich culture of the region, which was dominated by the Maya civilisation before the Spanish conquest. He told Reuters: 'It allows us to appreciate much more clearly how the rituals, the pilgrimage sites and ultimately the great pre-Hispanic settlements that we know emerged.' The Yucatan peninsula in Mexico is studded with monumental relics of the Maya people, whose cities drew upon an extensive network of sinkholes linked to subterranean waters known as cenotes. Some cenotes acquired particular religious significance to the Maya, whose descendants continue to inhabit the region. For hundreds of years the Mayans dominated large parts of the Americas until, mysteriously in the 8th and 9th century AD, a large chunk of the Mayan civilisation collapsed. The reason for this collapse has been hotly debated, but now scientists say they might have an answer - an intense drought that lasted a century. Studies of sediments in the Great Blue Hole in Belize suggest a lack of rains caused the disintegration of the Mayan civilisation, and a second dry spell forced them to relocate elsewhere. The theory that a drought led to a decline of the Mayan Classic Period is not entirely new, but the new study co-authored by Dr André Droxler from Rice University in Texas provides fresh evidence for the claims. Dozens of theories have attempted to explain the Classic Maya Collapse, from epidemic diseases to foreign invasion. With his team Dr Droxler found that from 800 to 1000 AD, no more than two tropical cyclones occurred every two decades, when usually there were up to six. This suggests major droughts occurred in these years, possibly leading to famines and unrest among the Mayan people. And they also found that a second drought hit from 1000 to 1100 AD, corresponding to the time that the Mayan city of Chichén Itzá collapsed. Researchers say a climate reversal and drying trend between 660 and 1000 AD triggered political competition, increased warfare, overall sociopolitical instability, and finally, political collapse - known as the Classic Maya Collapse. This was followed by an extended drought between AD 1020 and 1100 that likely corresponded with crop failures, death, famine, migration and, ultimately, the collapse of the Maya population.
967789054598307841	2018-02-25 15:51:05	https://t.co/UTLEgJtuL5	Chinese president Xi Jinping could become leader for life as China moves to scrap term limits https://t.co/UTLEgJtuL5	 China's ruling Communist Party has set the stage for President Xi Jinping to stay in office indefinitely. The party's Central Committee proposed scrapping term limits for the country's president, appearing to lay the groundwork for the party leader to rule beyond 2023. Since taking office more than five years ago, Xi has overseen a radical shake-up of the party, including taking down top leaders once thought untouchable as part of his popular war on deep-rooted corruption. Sunday's announcement, carried by state news agency Xinhua, gave few details, but it proposed to remove from the constitution the expression that China's president and vice president 'shall serve no more than two consecutive terms.' Scroll down for video 'Xi Jinping has finally achieved his ultimate goal when he first embarked on Chinese politics - that is to be the Mao Zedong of the 21st century,' said Willy Lam, a political analyst at the Chinese University in Hong Kong, referring to the founder of communist China. Xi, 64, cemented his status as the most powerful Chinese leader since Mao in the 1970s at last year's twice-a-decade Communist Party congress, where his name and a political theory attributed to him were added to the party constitution as he was given a second five-year term as general secretary. It was the latest move by the party signaling Xi's willingness to break with tradition and centralize power under him. Xi has taken control of an unusually wide range of political, economic and other functions, a break with the past two decades of collective leadership. 'What is happening is potentially very dangerous because the reason why Mao Zedong made one mistake after another was because China at the time was a one-man show,' Lam said. 'For Xi Jinping, whatever he says is the law. There are no longer any checks and balances.' Xi is coming to the end of his first five-year term as president and is set to be appointed to his second term at an annual meeting of the rubber-stamp parliament that starts March 5. The proposal to end term limits will likely be approved at that meeting. Term limits on officeholders have been in place since they were included in the 1982 constitution, when lifetime tenure was abolished. Political analysts said the party would likely seek to justify the proposed removal of the presidential term limit by citing Xi's vision of establishing a prosperous, modern society by 2050. 'The theoretical justification for removing tenure limits is that China requires a visionary, capable leader to see China through this multi-decade grand plan,' Lam said. 'But the other aspect of it could just be Mao Zedong-like megalomania; he is just convinced that he is fit to be an emperor for life,' he said. Hu Xingdou, a Beijing-based political commentator, said while Xi might need an extra five-year term or two to carry out his plans, the country is unlikely to return to an era of lifetime tenure for heads of state. 'President Xi may be in a leading position for a relatively long time,' Hu said. 'This is beneficial to pushing forward reforms and the fight against corruption, but it's impossible for China to have lifetime tenure again.' 'We have drawn profound lessons from the system of lifetime tenures,' Hu said, referring to the chaos and turmoil of Mao's 1966-1976 Cultural Revolution. Xi's image dominates official propaganda, prompting suggestions that he is trying to build a cult of personality, and evoking memories of the upheaval of that era. Party spokespeople reject such talk, insisting Xi is the core of its seven-member Standing Committee, not a lone strongman. At last year's party congress, Xi hailed a 'new era' under his leadership and laid out his vision of a ruling party that serves as the vanguard for everything from defending national security to providing moral guidance to ordinary Chinese. At the close of the congress, the party elevated five new officials to assist Xi on his second five-year term, but stopped short of designating an obvious successor to him. Political analysts said the absence of an apparent successor pointed to Xi's longer-term ambitions. Sunday's announcement on term limits came before the Central Committee was to begin a three-day meeting in Beijing on Monday to discuss major personnel appointments and other issues. The son of a famed communist elder, Xi rose through the ranks to the position of Shanghai's party leader before being promoted to the all-powerful Politburo Standing Committee in 2007. When Xi did assume the top spot in 2012, it was as head of a reduced seven-member committee on which he had only one reliable ally, veteran Wang Qishan. He put Wang in charge of a sweeping anti-corruption crackdown that helped Xi eliminate challengers, both serving and retired, and cow potential opponents. Xi, whose titles include head of the armed forces, has lavished attention on the military with parades and defense budget increases. But he's also led a crackdown on abuses and a push to cut 300,000 personnel from the 2.3 million-member People's Liberation Army, underscoring his ability to prevail against entrenched interests.
967786529727885318	2018-02-25 15:41:03	https://t.co/9vAwVZOH2E	Shocking moment Russian acrobat plummets 20ft as circus stunt goes wrong and leaves him in a coma https://t.co/9vAwVZOH2E	 This is the terrifying moment an acrobat fell while performing a dating aerial stunt with his twin brother. Anton Martynov, 33, plummeted 20ft and into the ground causing two breaks in his spinal cord and a serious head injury forcing doctors to put him in an artificial coma. The acrobat is now recovering in intensive care in Elista, Russia as his wife and twin brother wait at his bedside. The stuntman was performing an act he has practised 'hundreds of times' to an audience of children and their parents when he fell. He was not wearing any safety equipment when he crashed onto the hard circus floor. Initially, there were reports a cable had broken but it later emerged a belt used in the act had slipped out of a carabiner - a metal ring with a spring clip. Mr Martynov, was on tour with the Mstislav Zapashny circus from Moscow when the accident happened. Circus tour official Parviz Gadzhiyev said: 'It was not a broken cable. 'It was due to a belt coming out of a carabiner. 'This can be seen even on the video. 'The artists were performing without safety devices. 'Now an investigation is underway.' Local doctors held a video conference with specialists from Moscow to decide on the treatment. The circus said: 'Anton is in intensive care, his condition is stable.' 'A neurosurgeon is flying to examine him 'His wife and brother are in the hospital. 'They have a room in the ward.' The circus is continuing the tour. 
967774109336817664	2018-02-25 14:51:42	https://t.co/1w61ubDGH2	Model's optical illusion photos that show her 'huge thigh gap' go VIRAL https://t.co/1w61ubDGH2	 An 'optical illusion' photo shared by a model on Twitter has gone viral - after it appeared to show her with an unusually large gap between her legs. In two images being compared to 'The Dress', which sent the internet into a frenzy in 2015, Marisol Villanueva, who goes by the name 'Rose' on Twitter, can be seen taking selfies in a mirror in a new outfit. Marisol, 18, from Granada, Spain, posted them on social media with the status, 'Yea I just combined vertical and horizontal stripes', in a tweet that has been liked 23,000 times and retweeted 3,400 times. The photos, shared on Saturday, show her side-on, wearing a horizontal stripe jumper and joggers with a vertical cream line down the side. However, rather than her fashion sense, many social media users were more concerned with what they thought they could see - mistaking the cream line for a large gap between her legs. Replying to Marisol's post, aria wrote: 'For a second i thought the tan stripe on your joggers was the gap between your thighs and i ALMOST LOST IT.' Referring to The Dress - which sparked a debate over whether it was gold and white or blue and black - Nadya said: 'This is more confusing than the white and gold/ black and blue dress that went viral in 2015.' Leucifer added: 'First look... Holy crap. Took my eyes a second to adjust. Color of stripe matches the floor. 'Side note: maybe this can be the next "blue dress" trick of the eye thing? lol.' Erik Pryal tweeted'Is it just me or did anyone else think that was both of her legs at first.' Max posyed: 'SQKSWIODKWJD I THOUGHT SHE HAD REALLY SKINNY LEGS.' AarzA added: 'That’s what happens when you combine vertical and horizontal stripes... people think you have no legs.' Autumn wrote: 'THE.FEAR. literally thought you had become this meme going around rn w the tiny waist but w yr legs.' Haunter agreed: 'My dumbass thought she has the skinniest legs in the godamn world.' However, not everyone was on board with the optical illusion. Michaela wrote: 'I'm trying SO hard to see the illusion of extremely tiny legs everyone is hyping and I just can't. I feel like baby girl is just casually slaying in her stripes.' Another tweeted: 'Y'all be trippin if u think this girl got skinny ass legs.' Marisol, who also featured in Twitter Moments, took the comments in good humour, retweeting them and explaining that her legs were not as thin as the illusion showed. She wrote: 'At least I made a lot of people laugh today.' She told Femail: 'At first Ifelt a little scared because I didn’t notice the optical illusion so wasn’t expecting it at all, and the idea of such a big amount of people seeing a picture of me was crazy. 'I also didn’t know how the people who know me in real life would react. But almost everyone’s being nice and I’m glad that I made a lot of people laugh!' In 2015, the internet was divided when a picture of a two-tone dress went viral, with many admitting that they could not accurately identify the colours they were seeing. Some people thought the dress was white and gold whilst other claimed it was blue and black. The picture of the dress was first posted on Tumblr by Caitlin McNeill, a 21-year-old aspiring singer from Scotland, after noticing her friends saw different colours in the photograph. The image became an sensation, with posts arguing over the dress's original colours - and science behind the debate - being viewed and shared millions of times. The original photograph of the dress was taken by Cecilia Bleasdale, who bought it for her daughter Grace's upcoming wedding. She sent the image to the bride-to-be, who shared it with her groom. They were the first people to disagree over the dress's colours. But when the bride-to-be posted the picture on Facebook, a disagreement erupted over the colour of the outfit: some said it was white and gold, while others insisted it was blue and black. 
967768779970301952	2018-02-25 14:30:32	https://t.co/QXfCXeJwhZ	Spanish figure skater delights fans by doing PRESS-UPS on the ice at the Winter Olympics  https://t.co/QXfCXeJwhZ	 Spanish figure skater Javier Fernandez delighted fans as he took to the ice for the final time at the Winter Olympics with a Superman-inspired routine The 26-year-old, who took home a bronze in Pyeongchang, let his red cape flow behind him as he showed off his skills as part of the exhibition gala event on Sunday, which sees figure skaters come together to perform routines that are not judged. Other offerings included a boxing-inspired routine by Misha Ge of Uzbekistan - complete with gloves - and a dazzling performance from Olympic Athlete from Russia figure skater Alina Zagitova, who took to the ice in a skin-tight tiger suit. Fernandez's Super Javi routine, which he debuted in 2013, won over the crowd with its leaps, press-ups and playful costume. One stand out moment saw the Spaniard lying on the ice as an accomplice poured a large bucket of water him. Viewers at home were equally captivated and took to Twitter to praise his light-hearted take on the sport. One tweeted: 'It was my workout for the day! Someone pour a bucket of water on me.' Another added: 'Javier Fernandez's routine during the figure skating exhibition gala was delightful.' Among the other highlights was Alina's routine, which demonstrated her grace, flexibility and athleticism. Others were taken by Japan's Yuzuru Hanya, 23, who became the first figure skater to win back-to-back Olympic golds this competition. The graceful athlete, who competes in the men's singles discipline, was compared to a fantasy hero by enraptured fans. The exhibition gala ended with the skaters coming on to the ice together as Canadian gold medal-winning ice dancers Tessa Virtue and Scott Moir performed a solo. In the final moments, the athletes gathered together for a photo. The event took place just hours before the Closing Ceremony, which marks the end of two weeks of competition in South Korea. 
967762631183433730	2018-02-25 14:06:06	https://t.co/irff5BJTR2	Zoo visitors giggle as orangutan cleans the window of her enclosure with her LIPS https://t.co/irff5BJTR2	 Mandi the orangutan is getting her spring cleaning on nice and early at Germany's Allwetter Zoo. Adorable video shows the ape cleaning like a pro, wiping the glass windows clean with her mouth. She seems determined to make the windows sparkle as she feverishly moves her lips up and down the glass enclosure. Visitors to the Allwetter Zoo in Munster were left highly amused as Mandi pressed her lips up against the glass and tried to suck the moisture off. She is then seen wiping the surface clean with her forearm. The video was taken by visitor Suzan van der Heeden, 47. The caterer, who was born in the Netherlands but lives in Germany, said: 'It was a real joy and very entertaining to see the orangutan licking water from the window. 'It was around noon and the window was in the shake, and with the sun shining it was covered in moisture. Ms Heeden added: 'She did it two or three times for about 30 seconds each time.' According to the Allwetter Zoo, Mandi was born in 1999 and is 'very smart and always up for a joke.' She is a Borneo orangutan who arrived at the zoo in 2010 after moving from Beauval, a zoo in central France. Mandi has a little boy named Mister Miyagi. 
967755321174384646	2018-02-25 13:37:03	https://t.co/nGwwlsVvlZ	Standing desks INCREASE pain and slow down people's mental ability at work says study https://t.co/nGwwlsVvlZ	 Standing desks are more painful than conventional ones and can slow down people's mental capacity at work, a new study has revealed. They are becoming more and more common in the workplace amid fears our increasingly sedentary lifestyles could send us to an early grave. But new research suggests standing desks can lead to swollen veins that cause leg, lower back pain and heart damage. Experts also claim they slow mental reactiveness but can lead to a marginal increase in 'creative decision making'. The study has been published in the Ergonomics journal and warns of the 'feverish' trend of choosing standing desks at work, because there is little evidence to prove their benefits. Research carried out by Curtin University in Australia saw 20 people working at standing desks for two hours. After around an hour and a quarter their ability to respond to tasks slowed and their lower body began to ache Commenting on the study, Professor Alan Taylor, a physiotherapy expert at Nottingham University, told The Telegraph: 'The bottom line is that this expansion has been driven more by commercial reasons than scientific evidence. 'But the evidence is catching up and it's showing there are some drawbacks. 'They are not a panacea for back pain, yet companies are worried that if they provide them they'll be sued.' Professor Taylor advised workers to take regular breaks instead of standing up at their computers all day. The demand for standing desks has improved with increasing research to show office workers can spend up to 80 per cent of their day sitting down. They can be bought on the high street anywhere from £200 to £1,000. Some offices have taken a step beyond and offer employees 'walking desks', which combine a laptop space with a treadmill. 
967747766863716353	2018-02-25 13:07:02	https://t.co/uajUfutU5n	Chef, 17, shows off incredible knife-spinning techniques with just one hand while BLINDFOLDED https://t.co/uajUfutU5n	 While some kitchen workers have a special talent with ingredients, others are extremely good with knives, such as this young sous-chef from China. At just 17 years old, he has already impressed the Chinese public with his dangerous knife-spinning stunt. The teenager, who calls himself Mo Aiai, said he taught himself how to 'play with blades' as a hobby after watching tutorials online. Originally from Gansu Province in north-west China, Mo Aiai works in Beijing as a sous-chef. He told MailOnline that he only started out on his knife-spinning training two and a half months ago. But apparently, he has already reached an impressive level. The young worker uploads videos of himself performing the skills almost daily on Chinese live-stream video app Kuaishou. He said he used the app because 'it's fun'. In one clip filmed seven days ago, Mo demonstrated how to juggle a meat cleavers between his fingers with just one hand while blindfolded in his kitchen. Mo remains modest about the video. 'I'm not the best. There are many more people who could do it better than me on Kuaishou,' Mo said. 'My job is busy, so I do my training only when I have time.' He said he had practised the routine over and over again. He only put a cloth over his eyes when he was fully confident about his movements. He started slow before speeding up. Mo said he was not satisfied with the recording because he had apparently made a few mistakes. He also said he would not perform blindfolded in the future because 'it was too dangerous'. 'My hand was cut a few times during the process,' he wrote on his Kuaishou. Mo warned the public to be cautious and not to try the dangerous stunt at home. He said he often gets injured during his training. One time he got a serious cut on his left wrist and had to receive two stitches. Mo explained that he would like to carry on practising and filming himself doing the skills, but right now his biggest wish is to find a 'well-paid job' in Beijing. Like Mo Aiai, millions of young people in China are demonstrating their unique and sometimes bizarre talents through live-stream apps and websites, hoping to find fame and fortune. Tai Zi, the live-streaming director of Tunshou Entertainment in China, told MailOnline: 'A good live-streaming entertainment host could easily earn one million yuan (£114,000) a month.' However, the booming yet competitive industry has been slammed after some hosts went to extreme measures in order to grab the public's attention. Last December, a 26-year-old vlogger died while trying to film himself doing pull-ups on top of a 62-storey skyscraper. In 2016, a 21-year-old woman was jailed for four years after live-streaming herself participating in an orgy online. In the same year, the Chinese government had to ban 'seductive' consumption of bananas during webcam live-streams in an attempt to clamp down on 'inappropriate and erotic' content online. 
967741734175338502	2018-02-25 12:43:03	https://t.co/udFgPit9Ki	Kim Jong-un says North Korea is finally ready to hold talks with the US as the Winter Olympics draw to a close https://t.co/udFgPit9Ki	 Kim Jong-un has made the first step in trying to bury the hatchet with the US by saying he was open to talks. After months of tension with the North Korean leader showing off his nuclear prowess and President Trump showing he would take no nonsense from Kim, the first sign of peace was revealed in Pyeongchang on Sunday. Kim's group of lackeys who are in South Korea for the closing of the Winter Olympics, told the country's leader that North Korea was ready for talks. The offer came as a huge surprise as Kim had been digging his heels in and continuing his campaign against the US with a number of angry threats. Washington had also imposed fresh sanctions on Friday, with Donald Trump describing them as the heaviest ever. Pyongyang denounced them on Sunday just as South Korean President Moon Jae-in held a secret meeting with Kim's delegation in Pyeongchang. The disclosure that the peace moves were on offer came after his meeting with North Korean General Kim Yong Chol. President Moon was keen to stress that improvements in relations between the US and North Korea should run alongside a developing relationship between his country and his neighbors North Korea. All this came as a president's daughter Ivanka went on a handshaking diplomatic spree around the games, although she carefully avoided the North Korean delegation. South Korea's presidential office released a brief statement saying that Pyongyang had expressed willingness to hold talks with Washington. The North has 'ample intentions of holding talks with the United States,' according to the office. The North's delegation also agreed that 'South-North relations and U.S.-North Korean relations should be improved together,' Moon's office, known as the Blue House, said. Senior North Korean official Kim Yong Chol, Moon Jae-in and Ivanka Trump sat in two rows of seats behind the Olympic rings during the Olympic closing ceremony on Sunday. Trump and Kim did not appear to communicate. The development was particularly striking given that Kim Yong Chol, now vice chairman of North Korea's ruling Workers' Party Central Committee, is suspected of masterminding a lethal 2010 military attack on the South. More than 200 anti-Pyongyang protesters, waving South Korean and U.S. flags, banging drums and holding signs like 'Killer Kim Yong Chol go to hell,' rallied in streets near the park. They denounced the South Korean government's decision to allow the visit. There were no major clashes. 
967732390113304576	2018-02-25 12:05:56	https://t.co/B2VOcihRxs	Heartbroken dog with four puppies stares longingly at same commuter train every night at Indian station https://t.co/B2VOcihRxs	 Heartbreaking footage shows a stray dog gaze longingly at a train every night as if waiting for a familiar face to emerge. At 11pm the female dog stands on Platform 1 at Kanjurmarg Station in Mumbai, India, and stares at a train bound for Kalyan. She peers into the same women-only carriage every time then, when no one gets off, chases the train as it pulls away, the Mumbai Mirror reported. The confusing ritual, captured on CCTV as far back as January 2, has sparked the theory that she is looking for a previous owner who abandoned her at the station. Local resident Sameer Thorat filmed the little dog's heartbreaking behaviour last week and posted it to social media, where it went viral. The female dog has become such a familiar sight at the station that locals began feeding her and her four puppies. Some commuters believe her former owner was a lady who could no longer look after her, while others suspect the dog is waiting for a traveller who used to feed her. Mr Thorat told the Mumbai Mirror: 'I spotted the dog while returning from work. 'The way it waits for the late-night trains and tries to peek inside the ladies coach, it seems it is searching for a particular person who either fed it regularly or left it behind.' Sourav Verma, who has been feeding the dog, said: 'We have become friends. It even takes me to its pups. 'I am looking for people who would adopt them after following proper procedure.'
967721400264949760	2018-02-25 11:22:15	https://t.co/H8diFYHK1d	Having children ages women MORE than smoking and obesity https://t.co/H8diFYHK1d	 Having children ages women's DNA by 11 years, new research suggests. Giving birth shortens women's telomeres by around 4.2 per cent, a study found. Telomeres ‘cap’ the end of DNA strands, with longer lengths being associated with slower aging, longer lifespans and improved overall health. Such an extent of telomere shortening is greater than the effects of smoking or obesity demonstrated in previous studies. Study author Dr Anna Pollack from George Mason University, Virginia, told New Scientist: 'We were surprised to find such a striking result. It is equivalent to around 11 years of accelerated cellular ageing.' Researchers believe this may be due to the stress of raising children, particularly in countries without mandatory maternity leave, such as the US. They stress, however, more research into the link between motherhood and genetic ageing is required, with Dr Pollack adding: 'We’re not saying "don’t have children". Bicarbonate of soda helps women avoid Caesarean-sections, research suggested in January 2017. When dissolved in water, the kitchen staple enables between 17 and 20 per cent of women having slow or difficult labours to give birth naturally, without harming their babies, a study found. Speaking on the BBC's Today show, study author Professor Susan Wray from the University of Liverpool explained bicarb neutralises acids in the uterus, which increases women's likelihood of giving birth vaginally. The bicarbonate used is the standard type available in supermarkets. Around one-in-four births in the UK and one-in-three in the US are carried out via c-section. Although usually safe, the procedure can cause blood clots, excessive bleeding and womb infections. The researchers, which included scientists from the Karolinska Institute in Sweden, analysed 200 women who had difficult or slow labours. Some of the women then drank water containing bicarbonate of soda. One hour later, they were given the hormone oxytocin, which is the standard-of-care during slow deliveries and causes the uterus to contract. Those not given bicarb were administered oxytocin immediately. The researchers believe consuming bicarb is a simple, cost-effective way to improve the wellbeing of mothers during labour all over the world. How the research was carried out The researchers from George Mason University, Virginia, analysed 1,505 women aged between 20 and 44 who took part in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey between 1999 and 2002. Of which, 444 had never given birth. This survey was chosen because it measured its participants' telomere lengths via blood samples. The study's participants' live birth histories were determined via a questionnaire. The findings were published in the journal Human Reproduction. 'It’s like adding three more drops to a teaspoon' The results contradict a study carried out in Malaysian women, which suggested having more children lengthens telomeres. According to the more recent investigation's researchers, this may be due to the participants in the former study receiving greater social support. Sex slows DNA ageing in women This comes after research released in July last year suggests having sex at least once a week slows aging in women, even if they do not enjoy being intimate. Being active between the sheets increases the length of women's telomeres, a study found. Women's telomeres lengthen with regular love making regardless of whether they are sexually satisfied in their relationship, the research adds. Researchers from the University of California in San Francisco believe sex may aid aging in women by dampening stress and boosting their immune systems. 
967701060709167104	2018-02-25 10:01:26	https://t.co/htgjPaXhaN	Images of very similar meals reveal how adding extra 'healthy' foods such can DOUBLE the calorie count https://t.co/htgjPaXhaN	 Food bloggers has revealed how making a very small tweak to a plate of food by serving yourself a slightly larger portion size or adding just a few - supposedly 'healthy' - extra ingredients can double the amount of calories you're consuming. Australian dietician Paula Norris, regularly shares plates of seemingly identical meals on Instagram that prove how you can accidentally ruin your diet with that extra slice of avocado or using just one teaspoon of oil while cooking. One of her snaps shows two plates of steak with rice noodles and a salad of lettuce, cherry tomatoes, avocado and red onion with a soy, lime and sesame oil dressing, which look exactly the same. However, one meal has almost 800 calories due to an extra slice of avocado, an additional teaspoon of sesame oil, and 80g more of untrimmed steak that's been fried in oil, while the second version has just over 400 calories because the steak is grilled and some of the noodles have been replaced with extra veg. Amanda Meixner, 26, from Ohio also regularly shares her meal plans and healthy eating tips with her 476,000 Instagram followers, and has recently posted a series of images showing the calorie difference between two seemingly identical plates of food, inspired by Paula. One image shows two eggs and two eggs whites scrambled with half an avocado on toast and a sliced apple, which amounts to just over 500 calories. But adding the rest of the avocado, two more eggs and a spoonful of peanut butter more than doubles the calorie count to over a 1,000. Meanwhile a 472 calorie snack of yoghurt, dark chocolate, nut butter and berries suddenly becomes almost 900 calories with the addition of 40g more chocolate and 2 extra tablespoons of cashew butter. Their posts seem especially pertinent following the release of figures from the Office for National Statistics showing that British people are underestimating their calorie intake by 50 per cent – fuelling obesity levels. Men typically have 1,000 more calories every day than they account for, while women consumed about 800 more than they estimate, and the more food people consume, the less reliable their estimates are. Meanwhile, data from The Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations shows that the average American consumes more than 3,600 calories daily. If you want to avoid piling extra calories on to your plate, Amanda recommends tricks such as having veggies noodles instead of sweet potatoes or pasta. 'Skip the extra olives or extra fats for more veggies,' she recommended. Swap out some eggs for egg whites - only 17 calories per one.' Isabella Fish for The Daily Mail writes... Britons are underestimating their calorie intake by 50 per cent – fuelling obesity levels, it has emerged. Men typically have 1,000 more calories every day than they account for, while women consumed about 800 more than they estimate, according to figures from the Office for National Statistics. The research also found that the more food Britons consume, the less reliable their estimates are. Experts have suggested that people do not like to ‘be taken for slobs’ and so end up lying to themselves about how much they actually eat. According to the data, men consumed 3,119 calories a day despite claiming that they had only 2,065. The recommended intake for men is 2,500 a day. Women claimed that they consumed an average of 1,570 calories a day – nearly 500 calories less than the recommended intake of 2,000 – but the real figure was in fact 2,393. The data comes as Public Health England (PHE) prepares to launch a new calorie-counting campaign, in order to try to tackle the obesity crisis. A third of children are obese or overweight by the time they leave primary school. The figures suggest that the average person underestimates the number of calories they consume every day, fuelling the epidemic. For the survey, 4,500 adults were asked to keep track of their calorie consumption over four days. The scientists then looked at how much energy the body used in order to calculate the real number of calories consumed. The survey found that 34 per cent of the participants claimed to be consuming less than physically required to stay alive. And the more overweight the people were, the less reliable the account was, according to the research. Tam Fry, of the National Obesity Forum, told the Daily Telegraph: ‘People lie and I am not surprised that they do when it comes to food. They wish not to be taken for slobs, even though they may be just that.’ He said that the new national calorie counting campaign, which is set to begin next month, was an ‘absolutely ridiculous’ attempt to solve the problem because it was unrealistic. The PHE advice in the One You nutrition campaign will tell adults to limit breakfast to 400 calories and dinners and lunches to just 600 calories. The average recommended calorie consumption levels remain at 2,500 calories for men and 2,000 for women, according to those behind the campaign. But the guidance is a ‘rule of thumb’ to try to help Britons cut down the number of calories they consume. The average adult is eating 200 to 250 more calories every day than they should, health officials say. However, the new data suggests that this could be largely underestimated. International research shows that Britain is the fattest country in Western Europe. The rise in obesity levels has been linked to larger portion sizes, changes in diet, junk food, takeaway meals and snacks. 
967686860507172864	2018-02-25 09:05:00	https://t.co/1Ll3vNUALk	Rare glimpse into former Soviet Union's Communist regime reveals how leaders enjoyed a life of luxury https://t.co/1Ll3vNUALk	 A rare glimpse into the dark heart of the former Soviet Union's Communist regime has revealed how party leaders enjoyed luxury conditions while the workers toiled for a pittance. The two administration blocks of the giant Nowa Huta steelworks have been frozen in time from an era where Cold War paranoia gripped the Soviet bloc and inequality raged behind closed doors. At it's peak, the former Vladimir Lenin works employed 40,000 faithful workers and produced 6.7 billion tonnes of steel a year to propel the East's arms and space race with the West. The site, which measures 15 square kilometres and once had five blast furnaces thundering in union, was built next to a Socialist dream suburb in Krakow, Poland, which was then under the iron grip of the Kremlin. But, after decades of secrecy, the recent opening of the steelworks' redundant offices has laid bare the false premise of utilitarian communism and how their social experiment failed as the people of Krakow rebelled against their leaders. Blocks Z and S, which stand guard are at the entrance to the sprawling works – which is still functioning with one furnace producing industrial rather than military supplies – look identical but the Daily Mail was granted an exclusive tour to witness the sharp contrast between the workers and their leaders. While the workers' block, for low level officials and administration, is dour and functional, Block Z – the initial of the Polish word for management – is an ostentatious temple to power. A three-metre long chandelier, complete with 120 light bulbs, hangs decadently from an art deco ceiling in the main conference room which has enough leather backed chairs for up to 100 delegates. The seven-metre floor to ceiling windows afford a gaze of ornamental gardens and the wood panelled walls are hand-crafted and burnished to an elegant finish. The flooring in the communal areas is impressive marble or the high-craftsmanship parquet that would have home designers in raptures. 'Some of the wood came from the oak forests of the Caucuses and was very expensive. It was hand-crafted just for these offices' explained Mateusz Marchocki, a 25-year-old Russian studies graduate from Krakow University who works as a guide for the community project that has started to conduct tours around the buildings after its owners, ArcelorMittal, granted them access. 'No expense was spared for the management while the building for the workers was much more simple. There are no fancy furnishings over there. It is a classic George Orwell: some people are more equal than others.' Every twist and turn of Block Z reinforces that view with sweeping staircases leading up to domed niches which look out onto a sky that would have once been suffused with the smoke and sparks from the hard-run furnaces during its production peak in the 1970s. It was so well-appointed and furnished that workers referred to it as 'The Vatican'. The imposing double doors of Room 103 lead to the steelworks director's suite of offices which would have looked perfectly at home in Whitehall or Wall Street with plush-backed leather doors, polished conference tables, exclusively-commissioned furniture and a private bedroom that was the same size as most workers' humble flats on the newly built Nowa Huta estate, now a thriving suburb of Krakow. The intricate metalwork of doors and balustrades and the lofty reception rooms reek privilege and power, and they needed to as a Who's Who of the Communist elite from Nikita Khrushchev, Fidel Castro and Yugoslavia's Marshal Tito to cosmonaut Valentina Tereshkova, the first Russian woman in space, queued up to witness a showpiece of Soviet industrial and social glory. The offices have been relatively untouched – with some original fittings dating back to the 1950s to 70s - so their contents stand as a history lesson for future generations. Office worker files, detailing trademark long service records and wages that eclipsed their comrades at the furnace front, have been left in dusty archive rooms while radios and stereo systems that would have been out of reach of the workers, are fitted in senior management rooms. The paranoia of the party's high command is evidenced by a then state of the art communications suite complete with a switchboard that could link to any part of the and an ever-ready tape deck to record all calls. Vast windows loom over the works entrance so that every shift could be closely observed. That paranoia stretches into a reinforced bunker positioned strategically in the basement of the workers' Block S building – connected to Block Z by a 100-metre tunnel – as the management believed they would be safer on the other side as the NATO and US warplanes would be sure to target the offices of the elite first. All the housing blocks in Nowa Huta had a shelter that could sustain up to 100 people for three days after an attack but none were as comprehensive as the Block S bunker, reserved for around 50 senior management, which had an air filtration plant, powered by a static bike, equipment to weather chemical and atomic warfare, a command centre, bunkhouse, and rooms emblazoned with slogans such as: 'Self Defence is everyman's duty'. 'It was only every used for drills but it demonstrates detailed planning and the expectation there would be an attack – an attack by the West,' adds Mateusz. 'There were look-out points at the top of both blocks to watch for US or NATO planes. 'There was the threat of Atomic War – it was there in the West too - and the party used it to make people focus on their work. Everyone was watching the enemy on the other side of the curtain.' The Soviet chokehold on Poland was eventually thrown off by the bravery of the Solidarity union which occupied the Lenin shipyard in Gdansk in 1978 and by its misreading of its totalitarian impact on the people of Nowa Huta. 'They thought they were creating a socialist dream. They offered people from all over Poland jobs building the district and said they could have an apartment and a job in the steelworks when it was done,' adds Mateusz, whose grandparents were among the first wave to move to the area. 'They came from towns and villages across the country and the promise of a flat with a toilet and a job with regular wages was a fantastic opportunity for them. But the people were highly religious and were told there could be no church in Nowa Huta; the only God was the Communist Party. 'Taking away the cross was a shock and the people said 'this is something we must defend'. So the people were fighting to have a church and the more the State resisted, the stronger their desire became.' Clashes with military police intensified as the Soviet Union started to stutter and when the Archbishop of Krakow, Karol Wojtyla, was made Pope John Paul II in 1978 it gave the people a symbol of hope. The people of Nowa Huta spent ten years building their church - The Lord's Ark – in defiance of their rulers. 'It was built by volunteers and showed the spirit of the people,' added Mateusz. 'In the parable, Noah survives the great flood in an ark; the people of Krakow survived the red flood of communism with their ark. 'Nowa Huta is a symbol of many of the things that Soviet-style communism got wrong and how people are more than just workers or party members. Combined with the steelworks, we have a unique and fascinating window into the communist approach from the late 1950s. 'I am glad that we can now see how things were run and have the opportunity to learn from the past. 'This is so important because it shows how people were attracted to the steelworks and Nowa Huta and how, in the beginning, they believed in communism. But the perfect city for workers was the first to rebel and we are proud of that. The people fought against the system and the party found there was a limit to communism, a wall it couldn't go past. 'The communists always wanted to create the 'new man' with no God in his heart, only the party. But you can't control people's minds.' 
967676688762011648	2018-02-25 08:24:35	https://t.co/8yf8YiO7bw	Chilling moment cruel man abandons a baby boy on a street at MINUS 20 degrees in Chinahttps://t.co/8yf8YiO7bw	 Police in China are on the hunt for a man who deserted a baby on a street during the wee hours of February 14. CCTV footage released by Chinese media shows the suspect putting the baby outside a hospital before quickly running away on a cold winter day in Jiamusi, one of China's coldest cities. The tiny boy was found and saved by a male nurse who took him to the Neonatal Department, according to reports. Jiamusi is situated in north-east China near Russia. The city's daily temperature plunged down to below minus 20 degrees Celsius last week. The man dumped the baby at around 1:30am last Wednesday in front of the No. 1 Hospital Affiliated to Jiamusi University, according to Sina.com. The boy was dumped just days before the Chinese Lunar New Year, the most important holiday in the country when families reunite. Upon medical examination, the doctors at the hospital said the boy was healthy. The medical staff called the police and took the baby to the Jiamusi Children's Welfare Institution. The police are looking for the suspect. The web users in China are also helping to spread the information in hope of tracking down the man. It remains unclear whether the man is the baby's father or a relative. The abandonment of babies are not uncommon in China, especially among teenage parents. In April last year, a 15-year-old mother in Shenzhen was caught throwing out her newborn daughter alive with rubbish. In November, a 19-year-old top college student in Xi'an secretly gave birth to a baby girl in her dorm room before throwing her out of her window on the fourth floor. The social issue occurs partially because sex education is poor in China, which means young women could fall pregnant without realising. Because there are no child benefits in China, it would be extremely hard for teenagers to raise their own children once they're born. In addition, children born out of wedlock would not be able to officially register their identity with the police - a result of China's strict household registration system. This means the children wouldn't be able to receive proper education or social welfare. Lastly, the country's medical welfare only covers the citizens' basic needs. If a baby is born sick, the family would sometimes throw him or her away to avoid paying for expensive medical bills. 
967671669337870336	2018-02-25 08:04:39	https://t.co/ms9RNFWCR4	Having children ages women MORE than smoking and obesity https://t.co/ms9RNFWCR4	 Having children ages women's DNA by 11 years, new research suggests. Giving birth shortens women's telomeres by around 4.2 per cent, a study found. Telomeres ‘cap’ the end of DNA strands, with longer lengths being associated with slower aging, longer lifespans and improved overall health. Such an extent of telomere shortening is greater than the effects of smoking or obesity demonstrated in previous studies. Study author Dr Anna Pollack from George Mason University, Virginia, told New Scientist: 'We were surprised to find such a striking result. It is equivalent to around 11 years of accelerated cellular ageing.' Researchers believe this may be due to the stress of raising children, particularly in countries without mandatory maternity leave, such as the US. They stress, however, more research into the link between motherhood and genetic ageing is required, with Dr Pollack adding: 'We’re not saying "don’t have children". Bicarbonate of soda helps women avoid Caesarean-sections, research suggested in January 2017. When dissolved in water, the kitchen staple enables between 17 and 20 per cent of women having slow or difficult labours to give birth naturally, without harming their babies, a study found. Speaking on the BBC's Today show, study author Professor Susan Wray from the University of Liverpool explained bicarb neutralises acids in the uterus, which increases women's likelihood of giving birth vaginally. The bicarbonate used is the standard type available in supermarkets. Around one-in-four births in the UK and one-in-three in the US are carried out via c-section. Although usually safe, the procedure can cause blood clots, excessive bleeding and womb infections. The researchers, which included scientists from the Karolinska Institute in Sweden, analysed 200 women who had difficult or slow labours. Some of the women then drank water containing bicarbonate of soda. One hour later, they were given the hormone oxytocin, which is the standard-of-care during slow deliveries and causes the uterus to contract. Those not given bicarb were administered oxytocin immediately. The researchers believe consuming bicarb is a simple, cost-effective way to improve the wellbeing of mothers during labour all over the world. How the research was carried out The researchers from George Mason University, Virginia, analysed 1,505 women aged between 20 and 44 who took part in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey between 1999 and 2002. Of which, 444 had never given birth. This survey was chosen because it measured its participants' telomere lengths via blood samples. The study's participants' live birth histories were determined via a questionnaire. The findings were published in the journal Human Reproduction. 'It’s like adding three more drops to a teaspoon' The results contradict a study carried out in Malaysian women, which suggested having more children lengthens telomeres. According to the more recent investigation's researchers, this may be due to the participants in the former study receiving greater social support. Sex slows DNA ageing in women This comes after research released in July last year suggests having sex at least once a week slows aging in women, even if they do not enjoy being intimate. Being active between the sheets increases the length of women's telomeres, a study found. Women's telomeres lengthen with regular love making regardless of whether they are sexually satisfied in their relationship, the research adds. Researchers from the University of California in San Francisco believe sex may aid aging in women by dampening stress and boosting their immune systems. 
967671319763537920	2018-02-25 08:03:15	https://t.co/Racx2zFRir	Genes from 'handsome' Taino Native Americans are found in modern-day Puerto Ricans https://t.co/Racx2zFRir	 A 1,000-year-old tooth has provided genetic evidence that the first natives to meet Columbus in the New World have living descendants in the Caribbean. DNA from the Taino people, who were thought to have been wiped out after Europeans arrived in the Bahamas in 1492, has been found in modern-day Puerto Ricans. The new research provides the first concrete proof that indigenous ancestry in the Caribbean has survived to the present day. Previously, it was thought the 'handsome' Taino people were wiped out shortly after Christopher Columbus arrived in the Caribbean. The tooth used in the new study was found on the island of Eleuthera in the Bahamas, and marks the first complete ancient human genome from the Caribbean. It belonged to a Taino woman who lived sometime between the 8th and 10th centuries, at least 500 years before Columbus's arrival. Comparing the ancient genes to those of contemporary Puerto Ricans, scientists found they were more closely related to the ancient Taíno than any other indigenous group in the Americas. However, the researchers, from Cambridge and Copenhagen Universities, argue that this characteristic is unlikely to be exclusive to Puerto Ricans alone. When Columbus arrived in the New World the 15th Century, he described the Taino as a generous people. 'They will give all that they do possess for anything that is given to them, exchanging things even for bits of broken crockery,' he noted upon meeting them in the Bahamas in 1492. 'They were very well built, with very handsome bodies and very good faces....They do not carry arms or know them....They should be good servants.' The Taíno were an indigenous American people who were among the first to feel the impact of European colonisation after Columbus arrived in the New World in 1492. They lived in dense, well-organised communities across the Caribbean, and were known for their expert farming and generosity. The group had origins in South America among the Arawak tribes of the vast Orinoco River Delta in eastern Venezuela. They gradually spread across the Antilles in waves of voyages, and began settling in the Caribbean around 400 BC. Mingling with groups already established in the region, they formed communities on the island of Hispaniola, Jamaica, eastern Cuba, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands and the Bahamas. They cultivated maize, sweet potatoes, beans, yuca and other crops for food, medicine and even weaponry - Spanish chroniclers wrote that the Taíno developed pepper gas for warfare. When Columbus arrived in the 15th Century, he described them as a generous people. 'They will give all that they do possess for anything that is given to them, exchanging things even for bits of broken crockery,' he noted upon meeting them in the Bahamas in 1492. 'They were very well built, with very handsome bodies and very good faces....They do not carry arms or know them....They should be good servants.' Few of the Taíno were left a half-century later, wiped out by European disease and the slave trade, and it was thought for centuries they had gone extinct. Few of the Taíno were left a half-century later, wiped out by European disease and the slave trade, and it was thought for centuries they had gone extinct. The new findings are likely to be significant for people who have long claimed indigenous Taíno heritage. While historians, archaeologists and descendant communities had claimed the Taíno weren't extinct for decades, until now they lacked clear genetic evidence to support their case. Lead author Dr Hannes Schroeder, from the University of Copenhagen, said: 'It's a fascinating finding. 'Many history books will tell you that the indigenous population of the Caribbean was all but wiped out, but people who self-identify as Taíno have always argued for continuity. 'Now we know they were right all along: There has been some form of genetic continuity in the Caribbean.' Study co-author Professor Eske Willerslev, from the, University of Cambridge, said: 'It has always been clear that people in the Caribbean have Native American ancestry, but because the region has such a complex history of migration, it was difficult to prove whether this was specifically indigenous to the Caribbean, until now.' The researchers were also able to trace the genetic origins of the Taíno people. They showed that they were most closely related to Arawakan-speaking groups who live in parts of northern South America today. This suggests that the origins of at least some the people who migrated to the Caribbean can be traced back to the Amazon and Orinoco Basins, where the Arawakan languages developed. The Caribbean was one of the last parts of the Americas to be populated by humans starting around 8,000 years ago. By the time of European colonisation, the islands were a complex patchwork of different societies and cultures. The 'Taíno' culture was dominant in the Greater, and parts of the Lesser Antilles, as well as the Bahamas, where the people were known as Lucayans. To trace the genetic origins of the Lucayans the researchers compared the ancient Bahamian genome with previously published genome-wide datasets for over 40 present-day indigenous groups from the Americas. In addition, they looked for traces of indigenous Caribbean ancestry in present-day populations by comparing the ancient genome with those of 104 contemporary Puerto Ricans included in the 1000 Genomes Project. The 10-15 per cent of Native American ancestry in this group was shown to be closely related to the ancient Bahamian genome. Although indigenous Caribbean communities were island-based, the researchers found very little genomic evidence of isolation or inbreeding in the ancient genome. This reinforces earlier genetic research, which suggests that early human communities developed surprisingly extensive social networks. Professor Corinne Hofman from Leiden University and PI of the NEXUS1492 project, said: 'Archaeological evidence has always suggested that large numbers of people who settled the Caribbean originated in South America, and that they maintained social networks that extended far beyond the local scale. 'Historically, it has been difficult to back this up with ancient DNA because of poor preservation, but this study demonstrates that it is possible to obtain ancient genomes from the Caribbean and that opens up fascinating new possibilities for research.'
967610701337513984	2018-02-25 04:02:23	https://t.co/CL4RtKbyQg	Indian farmer uses poster of a porn star to keep vegetable thieves distracted from his fields https://t.co/CL4RtKbyQg	 An Indian farmer has come up with a novel way of protecting his bountiful crop from jealous neighbours and pilfering cabbage-thieves. Chenchu Reddy has put up a poster of a former porn star next to his field in Andhra Pradesh, India, to ward off 'the evil eye'. The large poster shows ex-erotic actress Sunny Leone in her heyday, dressed in a red bikini and smiling at the camera. Reddy explains that his vegetable fields had been attracting unwanted attention from other people in his village. 'This year, I have a good crop on 10 acres,' Mr Reddy told Hindustan Times. 'This has been attracting unnecessary attention of villagers and passersby. 'To ward off their evil eye, I thought of this idea of putting up the big flax poster of Sunny Leone a couple of days ago,' Mr Reddy adds that since putting up the raunchy poster of Miss Leone, he has managed to avert their gaze. 'The trick has worked. Nobody is looking at my crop now,' Reddy said. Sunny Leone is a Canadian-American actress of Indian descent who began her entertainment career in porn. Leone, whose real name is Karenjit Kaur Vohra, has since left the porn industry and is enjoying success as a Bollywood actress.
967580861293121536	2018-02-25 02:03:48	https://t.co/MBYSbfofRJ	The lesbian couple who fooled Spain's Catholic Church into performing its only same-sex marriage in 1901 https://t.co/MBYSbfofRJ	 As the young couple were married in 1901, the priest in the Galician church did not think anything was amiss. But unbeknownst to the church leader, both the bride and groom were female - and were married in the only same sex ceremony to ever take place in the Spanish Catholic Church. Marcela Gracia Ibeas and Elisa Sánchez Loriga - who played the part of Mario for their wedding day - spent the rest of their lives dodging punishment from the authorities. The infatuated couple met during teacher training in A Coruña, but Marcela's mother sent her daughter to Madrid due to fears over the women's relationship. Despite their initial separation, Marcela and Elisa eventually began working at schools located close together, according to historian Narciso de Gabriel. As part of their elaborate plan, Marcela announced she would be marrying her cousin, Mario, who was from London (to be played by Elisa). Mario was baptized, and then wed Marcela. Their cunning plan was outed by a Galician newspaper, who printed their wedding photo and exposed their lie, forcing the women to move to Porto. They then continued onto Buenos Aires, after they feared extradition from Portugal. Marcela was reportedly pregnant by an unknown man when she was married, and gave birth to a daughter before they left Porto. The story of the lesbian couple is set to be told by Isabel Coixet, who told the BBC: 'When I think about these two women and the courage it took for one of them to pretend to be a man, it was unbelievably brave 'I was fascinated the first time I heard about the story, which almost raised more questions than it has answers. 'We don't know what happened to them in the end, and how did they think they would get away with it?'
967536737101770752	2018-02-24 23:08:28	https://t.co/jgJFgwoorO	Having children ages women MORE than smoking and obesity https://t.co/jgJFgwoorO	 Having children ages women's DNA by 11 years, new research suggests. Giving birth shortens women's telomeres by around 4.2 per cent, a study found. Telomeres ‘cap’ the end of DNA strands, with longer lengths being associated with slower aging, longer lifespans and improved overall health. Such an extent of telomere shortening is greater than the effects of smoking or obesity demonstrated in previous studies. Study author Dr Anna Pollack from George Mason University, Virginia, told New Scientist: 'We were surprised to find such a striking result. It is equivalent to around 11 years of accelerated cellular ageing.' Researchers believe this may be due to the stress of raising children, particularly in countries without mandatory maternity leave, such as the US. They stress, however, more research into the link between motherhood and genetic ageing is required, with Dr Pollack adding: 'We’re not saying "don’t have children". Bicarbonate of soda helps women avoid Caesarean-sections, research suggested in January 2017. When dissolved in water, the kitchen staple enables between 17 and 20 per cent of women having slow or difficult labours to give birth naturally, without harming their babies, a study found. Speaking on the BBC's Today show, study author Professor Susan Wray from the University of Liverpool explained bicarb neutralises acids in the uterus, which increases women's likelihood of giving birth vaginally. The bicarbonate used is the standard type available in supermarkets. Around one-in-four births in the UK and one-in-three in the US are carried out via c-section. Although usually safe, the procedure can cause blood clots, excessive bleeding and womb infections. The researchers, which included scientists from the Karolinska Institute in Sweden, analysed 200 women who had difficult or slow labours. Some of the women then drank water containing bicarbonate of soda. One hour later, they were given the hormone oxytocin, which is the standard-of-care during slow deliveries and causes the uterus to contract. Those not given bicarb were administered oxytocin immediately. The researchers believe consuming bicarb is a simple, cost-effective way to improve the wellbeing of mothers during labour all over the world. How the research was carried out The researchers from George Mason University, Virginia, analysed 1,505 women aged between 20 and 44 who took part in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey between 1999 and 2002. Of which, 444 had never given birth. This survey was chosen because it measured its participants' telomere lengths via blood samples. The study's participants' live birth histories were determined via a questionnaire. The findings were published in the journal Human Reproduction. 'It’s like adding three more drops to a teaspoon' The results contradict a study carried out in Malaysian women, which suggested having more children lengthens telomeres. According to the more recent investigation's researchers, this may be due to the participants in the former study receiving greater social support. Sex slows DNA ageing in women This comes after research released in July last year suggests having sex at least once a week slows aging in women, even if they do not enjoy being intimate. Being active between the sheets increases the length of women's telomeres, a study found. Women's telomeres lengthen with regular love making regardless of whether they are sexually satisfied in their relationship, the research adds. Researchers from the University of California in San Francisco believe sex may aid aging in women by dampening stress and boosting their immune systems. 
967520782757892097	2018-02-24 22:05:04	https://t.co/J04wbk1gGD	Jupiter's Earth-sized 'Great Red Spot' mega-storm may only have 10 to 20 years left before it dies https://t.co/J04wbk1gGD	 One of the most spectacular storms in our solar system could fade away in as a little as a decade. Jupiter's megastorm, known as the 'Great Red Spot' is gradually disappearing, according to a Nasa researcher. The storm was estimated to be about 35,000 miles (56,000km) in diameter in the 1800s – wide enough for four Earths to fit side by side. A researcher with the Juno mission says that the Great Red Spot is now only 1.3 times the size of Earth, and it's likely that it will only last a decade or two longer before it dies. Jupiter's Great Red Spot is a giant oval of crimson-colored clouds in Jupiter's southern hemisphere that race counterclockwise around the oval's perimeter with wind speeds greater than any storm on Earth. Glenn Orton, a Juno mission team member and a planetary scientist at NASA JPL, told Business Insider that the Great Red Spot is like a 'spinning wheel that keeps on spinning because it's caught between two conveyor belts that are moving in opposite directions. 'The GRS is stable and long-lived, because it's 'wedged' between two jet streams that are moving in opposite directions.' But Orton warns its days are numbered. ''In truth, the GRS has been shrinking for a long time,' he said, noting it is currently shrinking. While the storm has been monitored since 1830, it has possibly existed for more than 350 years. In the 19th century, the Great Red Spot was well over two Earths wide. But in modern times, the Great Red Spot appears to be diminishing in size, as measured by Earth-based telescopes and spacecraft. At the time NASA's Voyagers 1 and 2 sped by Jupiter on their way to Saturn and beyond, in 1979, the Great Red Spot was twice Earth's diameter. Today, measurements by Earth-based telescopes indicate the oval that Juno flew over has diminished in width by one-third and height by one-eighth since Voyager times. NASA's Juno spacecraft captured detailed images of Jupiter and its striking 'Great Red Spot' in July 2017 - the closest images we've ever gotten of the giant storm. It will again be able to spot the Great Red Spot in April 2018, as well as in July and September of 2019, and one last time in December 2020. However, Juno's upcoming views of the storm will not be as detailed as its July 2017 flyby. While storms on Jupiter can last for an extended period of time, those on Earth cannot because Earth's surface isn't covered in tens of thousands of miles of atmosphere. Jupiter's Great Red Spot is a giant oval of crimson-colored clouds in Jupiter's southern hemisphere that race counterclockwise around the oval's perimeter. Trapped between two jet streams, the Great Red Spot is an anticyclone swirling around a centre of high atmospheric pressure that makes it rotate in the opposite sense of hurricanes on Earth. In the late 1800s it was estimated to be about 35,000 miles (about 56,000 km) in diameter – wide enough for four Earths to fit side by side. The biggest in the solar system, it appears as a deep red orb surrounded by layers of pale yellow, orange and white. Winds inside the storm have been measured at several hundreds of miles per hour, with wind storms greater than any storm on Earth, NASA astronomers have said. Measuring 10,000 miles (16,000 kilometers) in width as of April 3, 2017, the Great Red Spot is 1.3 times as wide as Earth and is gradually shrinking over time. Earth is also smaller and rotates on its axis slower than Jupiter, which revolves around its axis once every ten hours. This means that Earth's weather systems are usually disrupted before they can get out of control, unlike in Jupiter. Despite this, the Great Red Spot will not last forever. Orton says that the storm spot has been shrinking for a long time. In addition to the steady disappearance of the Jupiter storm, a storm on Neptune is also disappearing, according to Hubble telescope observations. The Juno probe reached Jupiter on July 4, 2016, after a five-year, 1.8 billion-mile journey from Earth. Following a successful braking manoeuvre, it entered into a long polar orbit flying to within 3,100 miles (5,000 km) of the planet's swirling cloud tops. The probe will skim to within just 4,200 km of the planet's clouds once a fortnight - too close to provide global coverage in a single image. No previous spacecraft has orbited so close to Jupiter, although two others have been sent plunging to their destruction through its atmosphere. To complete its risky mission Juno will have to survive a circuit-frying radiation storm generated by Jupiter's powerful magnetic field. The maelstrom of high energy particles travelling at nearly the speed of light is the harshest radiation environment in the Solar System. To cope with the conditions, the spacecraft is protected with special radiation-hardened wiring and sensor shielding. Its all-important 'brain' - the spacecraft's flight computer - is housed in an armoured vault made of titanium and weighing almost 400 pounds (172kg). 
967513725476491269	2018-02-24 21:37:02	https://t.co/3fN4vxg8Kj	One THIRD of millennials only brush their teeth once a day https://t.co/3fN4vxg8Kj	 One third of millennials only brush their teeth once a day, according to a new study. Even in adulthood, the research revealed that Americans can be neglectful of their oral hygiene, with 62 percent reporting that they were too scared to go to the dentist. Skipping the ritual sounds harmless enough, but going without brushing and flossing has been linked to health risks ranging from gum disease to dementia and even erectile dysfunction. The study, conducted by market research company OnePoll and commissioned by a toothpaste brand, adds to recent work that has identified startling links between oral hygiene and income disparity and overall health in the US. The American Dental Association only asks that we dedicate four minutes of our day to brushing our teeth. But new research suggests that these two stretches of two-minutes spent on oral hygiene are too much for millennials to bear. Brushing and flossing help to minimize plaque, a clear sticky film that builds up on teeth and gums from bacteria that live naturally in the mouth. When this film is left on teeth for too long, it can harden into unsightly tarter that draws more tooth- and gum-damaging bacteria. The prospects of bad breath, cavities or losing teeth or gums is threatening enough, but higher levels of bacteria have also been found in the mouths of people in dementia and may increase susceptibility to pneumonia. A growing body of evidence on the link between gum disease and heart disease has even led the American Heart Association to deem gum disease an early marker of heart problems. But the findings of the new survey of 2,000 people suggest that many Americans may fear a visit to the dentist even more than any of those potentially life-threatening illnesses. When asked to compare the fear-factors for a number of medical appointments, 62 percent of Americans said that a trip to the dentist was scarier than all others - outranking visits to neurologists or surgeons. In the survey's 'would you rather' section, a third of respondents would forego sex for a month if it meant avoiding the dentist, and 19 percent preferred speaking to a crowd of 50 to some one-on-one time with an oral doctor. The fear is real for everyone, but a bit widespread among millennials: 24 percent of people over 55 said they were uncomfortable going to the dentist, and 27 percent of those between 18 and 34 were. But that fear does not seem to have translated into hygienic practices to avoid the (apparently) dreaded dentist trips. Three in every 10 millennials admitted that they usually only brush their teeth once - which doesn't bode well for their flossing habits or lifetime oral health. Craig Dubitsky, founder of Hello Products, which sponsored the research, told Daily Mail Online he wonders if the generation's lax attitude toward oral hygiene might be related to the fact that they are 'spending less time together [in person] and more time together online.' 'Online, you can enhance your teeth, but you can't Photoshop yourself to good health,' he said. 'Research has shown that there are many linkages to oral health and your overall health,' said Dr Lawrence Fung, a dentist in Los Angeles. 
967508499017105408	2018-02-24 21:16:16	https://t.co/caL7dKs8dl	How heavy snorers can age faster https://t.co/caL7dKs8dl	 Heavy snorers suffer damage to their DNA that can make their cells age faster and increase the risk of cancer, a study suggests. It found they have shorter telomeres, tiny caps at the end of chromosomes – DNA molecules – that prevent genetic material from unravelling and fraying. It is well known that shorter telomeres indicate rapid ageing and increased susceptibility to cancer. But a team at West China Hospital in Sichuan wanted to see how DNA is affected by sleep apnoea, the snoring-related condition that disrupts breathing and makes sufferers wake dozens of times in the night. Scientists pooled data from eight previous studies involving 2,640 patients. The results revealed a ‘significant association’ between heavy snoring and reduced telomere length, they reported in the journal Sleep. ‘This has implications for the treatment and prevention of future health problems,’ the study added. Around three million people in the UK suffer with sleep apnoea, which is common in overweight middle-aged men. 
967490592077959170	2018-02-24 20:05:06	https://t.co/czsvhWaY5T	Chilling moment cruel man abandons a baby boy on a street at MINUS 20 degrees in Chinahttps://t.co/czsvhWaY5T	 Police in China are on the hunt for a man who deserted a baby on a street during the wee hours of February 14. CCTV footage released by Chinese media shows the suspect putting the baby outside a hospital before quickly running away on a cold winter day in Jiamusi, one of China's coldest cities. The tiny boy was found and saved by a male nurse who took him to the Neonatal Department, according to reports. Jiamusi is situated in north-east China near Russia. The city's daily temperature plunged down to below minus 20 degrees Celsius last week. The man dumped the baby at around 1:30am last Wednesday in front of the No. 1 Hospital Affiliated to Jiamusi University, according to Sina.com. The boy was dumped just days before the Chinese Lunar New Year, the most important holiday in the country when families reunite. Upon medical examination, the doctors at the hospital said the boy was healthy. The medical staff called the police and took the baby to the Jiamusi Children's Welfare Institution. The police are looking for the suspect. The web users in China are also helping to spread the information in hope of tracking down the man. It remains unclear whether the man is the baby's father or a relative. The abandonment of babies are not uncommon in China, especially among teenage parents. In April last year, a 15-year-old mother in Shenzhen was caught throwing out her newborn daughter alive with rubbish. In November, a 19-year-old top college student in Xi'an secretly gave birth to a baby girl in her dorm room before throwing her out of her window on the fourth floor. The social issue occurs partially because sex education is poor in China, which means young women could fall pregnant without realising. Because there are no child benefits in China, it would be extremely hard for teenagers to raise their own children once they're born. In addition, children born out of wedlock would not be able to officially register their identity with the police - a result of China's strict household registration system. This means the children wouldn't be able to receive proper education or social welfare. Lastly, the country's medical welfare only covers the citizens' basic needs. If a baby is born sick, the family would sometimes throw him or her away to avoid paying for expensive medical bills. 
967487610271813632	2018-02-24 19:53:15	https://t.co/AmddQt1Y5a	UN unanimously approves 30-day ceasefire in Syria 'without delay' https://t.co/AmddQt1Y5a	 The U.N. Security Council has unanimously approved a resolution demanding a 30-day cease-fire across Syria 'without delay' to deliver humanitarian aid to millions and evacuate the critically ill and wounded. The sponsors, Kuwait and Sweden, amended the resolution late on Friday in a last-minute attempt to get Russian support, dropping a demand that the cease-fire take effect in 72 hours. The resolution comes as air strikes on the Syrian rebel enclave of Eastern Ghouta on Saturday took the civilian death toll from seven days of devastating bombardment to more than 500. As she headed into the meeting, U.S. Ambassador Nikki Haley said: 'Today we are going to see if Russia has a conscience.' 'Every minute the council waited on Russia, the human suffering grew,' the US ambassador to the UN, Nikki Haley, told the Security Council, accusing Russia of stalling. 'As they dragged out the negotiations, the bombs from Assad's fighter jets continued to fall. In the three days it took us to adopt this resolution, how many mothers lost their kids to the bombing and the shelling?' Russian Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia rejected accusations of foot-dragging, saying that negotiations were needed to arrive at a demand for a ceasefire that was 'feasible.' Sweden's UN Ambassador Olof Skoog said before the vote that the resolution could de-escalate violence and save lives. 'The UN convoys and evacuation teams are ready to go,' he said. The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said at least 35 civilians were killed in Saturday's strikes, including eight children. A night of heavy bombardment sparked fires in residential districts, it said. The Observatory has said the air strikes are being carried out by Syrian and Russian forces. Moscow, which intervened militarily in support of its Damascus ally in 2015, has denied any direct involvement in the Eastern Ghouta bombardment. US President Donald Trump on Friday said Russia's recent actions in Syria were a 'disgrace'. On Friday the vote on a UN-backed ceasefire was again delayed by at least 24 hours. But on Saturday, the meeting again failed to start as scheduled at 1700 GMT as negotiations continued in an effort to avert a Russian veto. UN Security Council members had been discussing a cessation of hostilities for the last month to allow aid to be brought in and the injured to be taken out. But negotiations have been bogged down over a number of issues, including when the ceasefire should begin. Moscow said that it wanted to include a 30-day calming period to allow for aid deliveries and medical evacuations but critics say that as the main ally of President Bashar al-Assad, it is in fact suing for more time. The Security Council members were unable to agree on the precise language that could gain Russia's support. As a permanent member of the council, Moscow has veto power, and has used it at least 10 times to protect the government of President Assad. To win Russia's approval, language specifying that the ceasefire would start 72 hours after the adoption of the draft was scrapped, replaced by 'without delay,' and the term 'immediate' was also dropped in reference to the aid deliveries and evacuations. In another concession to Moscow, the resolution said the ceasefire will not apply to operations against the Islamic State group or Al-Qaeda, along with 'individuals, groups, undertakings and entities' associated with the terror groups. That would allow the Syrian government offensive to continue against Al-Qaeda-linked jihadists in Idlib, the last province in Syria outside the control of Damascus. The resolution also states that 5.6 million people in 1,244 communities are in 'acute need,' including 2.9 million in hard-to-reach and besieged locations. Russia has vetoed 11 draft resolutions throughout the Syrian conflict to block action that targeted its ally. In November, it used its veto to end a UN-led investigation of chemical weapons attacks in Syria. A Russian-proposed amendment, which the sponsors rejected, would have ruled out an immediate cease-fire. Instead, it would have demanded that all parties 'stop hostilities as soon as possible' and work for a 'humanitarian pause' for at least 30 days. Control of eastern Ghouta is shared between two main Islamist factions, while Syria's former Al-Qaeda affiliate is also present. Russia insists there can be no ceasefire with the jihadists or their allies. Russia has been pressing for a negotiated withdrawal of rebel fighters and their families like the one that saw the government retake full control of second city Aleppo in December 2016. But all three rebel groups have refused and President Assad along with fhis supporters argue that jihadists are using the enclave to fire rockets at Syrian government positions. The brutal wave of airstrikes and artillery bombardment has been supported by his Russian allies. On Friday rescuers claimed deadly napalm is being used to incinerate East Ghouta, Aid volunteers captured images of what they said were missiles loaded with flammable liquid raining down on the city of Hamouria in East Ghouta. A video, which is mostly dark apart from burning material appeared to fall from the sky, shows missiles 'loaded with prohibited napalm' being dropped in 'residential neighbourhoods'. The use of napalm is banned in civilian areas by the United Nations Convention on Certain Conventional Weapons. Similar claims were made in 2015 after an alleged attack on the besieged city of Darayya. In 2013 young children and adults suffered horrific burns after being caked in a 'napalm-like' substance when a bomb was dropped on a school playground near the country's capital. People on the ground in eastern Ghouta are huddled in basements while government forces pound the enclave with rockets and bombs, turning towns into fields of ruins and even hitting hospitals. Aid group Doctors Without Borders said 13 of the facilities it supports in Eastern Ghouta were damaged or destroyed in three days, leaving remaining staff with very little to save the hundreds of wounded brought to them every day. In the hospital mortuary in Douma, the main town in the enclave just east of Damascus, bodies wrapped in white shrouds were already lined up on the floor, two of them children. Russia has so far denied direct involvement in the assault on Ghouta but the pro-government Syrian newspaper Al-Watan reported on Thursday that Russian warplanes and advisers had joined the battle. The US said on Thursday Russia had 'unique responsibility' for the deaths. Regime and allied forces have been massing around the enclave, in which an estimated 400,000 people live, ahead of a likely ground offensive to flush out holdout Islamist and jihadist groups. The indiscriminate bombardment and the strikes on medical facilities have sparked global outrage but few concrete options have emerged to stop the bloodletting. The aid community voiced its frustration as the world appeared once again powerless to stop a conflict that has left almost 350,000 dead in seven years and caused destruction rarely seen since World War II. Earlier Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said jihadist fighters in Ghouta had rejected an evacuation deal. The head of the defence committee in Russia's lower house of parliament said Thursday that more than 200 new types of weapons were tested as part of his country's military support to the regime of President Bashar al-Assad. 'It's not an accident that today they are coming to us from many directions to purchase our weapons, including countries that are not our allies,' he said. 
967471430022680576	2018-02-24 18:48:58	https://t.co/EzC50nfKmC	Archaeologists discover 40 MUMMIES inside body-shaped stone coffins in Egypt https://t.co/EzC50nfKmC	 An ancient cemetery with 40 mummies inside body-shaped stone coffins and a necklace charm bearing the hieroglyphic inscription 'happy new year' has been found in the Nile Valley, Egypt's Antiquities Ministry has announced. Archaeologists, who started excavation work on the site last year, found tombs belonging to priests of Thoth, the ancient god of the moon and wisdom, as well as family members with their names in hieroglyphics. The burial site, which is more than 2,000 years old, was discovered in the city of Minya, south of Cairo, and contains canopic jars and other funerary items. It is north of the Tuna al-Gabal area, an archaeological site on the edge of Egypt's western desert, the ministry said on Saturday, and is the latest discovery in an area known to be home to ancient Egyptian catacombs. The priest's mummy was also found decorated with blue and red beads and bronze gilded sheets. Archaeologists also uncovered 40 sarcophagi believed to belong to the priest's family members, some bearing the names of their owners in hieroglyphics. Another tomb includes several coffins, statues depicting ancient priests and other funeral artefacts. Antiquities Minister Khaled al-Anani said: 'We will need at least five years to work on the necropolis. 'This is only the beginning of a new discovery'. Among the collection four well preserved alabaster canopic jars inscribed with hieroglyphics and designed to hold the mummified internal organs of their owner, the high priest. Mostafa Waziri, secretary-general of the Supreme Council of Antiquities, said the scarab charm with the new year greeting had been unearthed last New Year's Eve in a 'wonderful coincidence'. He said eight tombs have been uncovered so far and he expects more will be discovered soon. The necropolis is thought to host members of different families and is believed to date back to the so called 'Late Period' of ancient Egypt and the Ptolemaic era, the time between the death of Alexander the Great (323 BC) and Cleopatra (30 BC). Excavation work in the area started in late 2017, with archaeologists on a quest to find the remainder of the cemetery of Upper Egypt's 15th nome during ancient times. Last May, Egyptian archaeologists unearthed a necropolis containing at least 17 mummies also near the village of Tuna el-Gabal, with mummified remains of women and children among the discoveries. The area hosts a large necropolis for thousands of mummified ibis and baboon birds as well as other animals. It also includes tombs and a funerary building. Earlier this month, archaeologists in Egypt discovered a 4,400-year-old tomb near the country's famed pyramids at the Giza plateau just outside Cairo. The tomb was found in a wider area of Giza's western necropolis, which is known to be home to tombs from the Old Kingdom, according to the country's Antiquities Ministry. It likely belonged to a woman known as Hetpet, who archaeologists believe was close to ancient Egyptian royals of the 5th Dynasty more than four millennia ago. The tomb is made of mud brick and includes wall paintings in good condition depicting Hetpet observing different hunting and fishing scenes. Hetpet's tomb is close to a new museum under construction that will house some of Egypt's most unique and precious artifacts, including many belonging to the famed boy King Tutankhamun. The tomb of King Tut, who ruled Egypt more than 3,000 years ago, was discovered in 1922 in the Valley of the Kings, located on the west bank of the Nile river in Luxor. Egypt's relics are a draw for foreign visitors and authorities hope new finds can help attract more as a way to help revive tourism hit by the unrest that followed the overthrow of former President Hosni Mubarak in 2011. The number of tourists visiting the country rose 54 per cent to 8.3million last year, still well below the 14.7million who came in 2010. 
967460400856993793	2018-02-24 18:05:08	https://t.co/5ZBJ1s1kYi	What kind of drinker are YOU? Experts reveal the four main types https://t.co/5ZBJ1s1kYi	 It's easy to see alcohol consumption being a result of thousands of years of ritual and a lifetime of habit. But have you ever stopped to consider why it is you choose to drink? Knowing what motivates people to drink is important to better understanding their needs when it comes to encouraging them to drink less, or in a less harmful way. Personally, everyone can come up with many reasons why he or she is drinking, which makes a scientific understanding of the reasons difficult. But there is something called the motivational model of alcohol use, that argues we drink because we expect a change in how we feel after we do. Originally developed to help treat alcohol dependence, the ideas described in the model led to a new understanding of what motivates people to drink. More precisely, the model assumes people drink to increase positive feelings or decrease negative ones. They're also motivated by internal rewards such as enhancement of a desired personal emotional state, or by external rewards such as social approval. This results in all drinking motives falling into one of four categories: enhancement (because it's exciting), coping (to forget about my worries), social (to celebrate), and conformity (to fit in). Drinkers can be high or low in any number of drinking motives – people are not necessarily one type of drinker or the other. All other factors – such as genetics, personality or environment – are just shaping our drinking motives, according to this model. So drinking motives are a final pathway to alcohol use. That is, they're the gateway through which all these other influences are channelled. 1. Social drinking To date, nearly all the research on drinking motives has been done on teens and young adults. Across cultures and countries, social motives are the most common reason young people give for drinking alcohol. In this model, social drinking may be about increasing the amount of fun you are having with your friends. This fits in with the idea that drinking is mainly a social pastime. Drinking for social motives is associated with moderate alcohol use. 2. Drinking to conform When people only drink on social occasions because they want to fit in – not because it's a choice they would normally make – they drink less than those who drink mainly for other reasons. These are the people who will sip a glass of champagne for a toast, or keep a wine in their hand to avoid feeling different from the drinkers around them. In the last couple of years, programs like Hello Sunday Morning have been encouraging people to take a break from drinking. And by making this more socially acceptable, they may also be decreasing the negative feedback some people receive for not drinking, although this is a theory that needs testing. 3. Drinking for enhancement Beyond simply drinking to socialise, there are two types of adolescents and young adults with a particular risky combination of personality and drinking motive preference. First are those who drink for enhancement motives. They are more likely to be extroverted, impulsive, and aggressive. These young people (often male) are more likely to actively seek to feel drunk – as well as other extreme sensations – and have a risk-taking personality. 4. Drinking to cope Second, those who drink mainly for coping motives have higher levels of neuroticism, low level of agreeableness and a negative view of the self. These drinkers may be using alcohol to cope with other problems in their life, particularly those related to anxiety and depression. Coping drinkers are more likely to be female, drink more heavily and experience more alcohol-related problems than those who drink for other reasons. While it may be effective in the short term, drinking to cope with problems leads to worse long-term consequences. This may be because the problems that led to the drinking in the first place are not being addressed. WHY IT MATTERS There is promising research that suggests knowing the motives of heavy drinkers can lead to interventions to reduce harmful drinking. For instance, one study found that tailoring counselling sessions to drinking motives decreased consumption in young women, although there was no significant decrease in men. This research stream is limited by the fact we really only know about the drinking motives of those in their teens and early 20s. Our understanding of why adults are drinking is limited, something our research group is hoping to study in the future. Next time you have a drink, have a think about why you are choosing to do so. There are many people out there having a drink at night to relax. But if you're aiming to get drunk, you have a higher chance than most of experiencing harm. Alternatively, if you are trying to drink your problems away, it's worth remembering those problems will still be there in the morning. This article was originally published by The Conversation
967454431041212417	2018-02-24 17:41:25	https://t.co/62R27hpeKc	Daredevil SQUIRREL dodges Austrian snowboarder during giant slalom at Winter Olympics https://t.co/62R27hpeKc	 The Winter Games in Pyeonchang have left fans with plenty of great memories but few can compete with a squirrel gatecrashing a giant snowboard slalom heat. Austrian snowboarder Daniela Ulbing narrowly avoided a collision on her run as a squirrel seemed to appear from nowhere at speed. The furry customer missed the base of her board by mere inches and became the talk of those attending at Phoenix Park. Ulbing was competing against Russian competitor Milena Bykova and while Bykova was eliminated following her opening heat, Ulbing remarkably went on to win the heat with relative ease as she maintained her composure. Following that dramatic heat, Ulbing lost in the quarterfinals to favourite Ester Ledecka, who went on to take the gold. Spectators gasped as they witnessed the furry intruder make his way on to the course with the two boarders hurtling down in direct competition. The squirrel bursts past Ulbing's board before slamming on the breaks and viewers on social media hailed the miracle moment of the Winter Games. 
967429705375809536	2018-02-24 16:03:10	https://t.co/lf8GcltqQL	This incredible hypercar hits 0-60mph in UNDER two seconds https://t.co/lf8GcltqQL	 A small engineering company in Japan claims it has produced the world's first street-legal car capable of hitting 0-60mph in under two seconds. The Aspark Owl was launched at the Frankfurt Auto Show last year and its creators said it would have 430 horsepower, 563 all-wheel lb-ft of torque, weigh under 860kg and accelerate to sixty in just two seconds. Now Aspark have released incredible footage showing the electric hypercar smashing the sub-2-second mark and achieving a time of just 1.921 seconds - faster than any Formula 1 racing car. Aspark said they only plan to produce 50 units - and customers will have to fork out £3million to get their hands on the exclusive vehicle. The test appears to have been completed in the back lot of a small manufacturing facility, possibly where the car was assembled. Despite the video, some car enthusiasts have voiced their skepticism. They point to the fact there are no shots of the speedometer or any time or speed recording displays. They also said the location is oddly small to be hustling a car to 60 mph and back down. And they noted the prototype was fitted with racing slick tyres as opposed to the grippier street-legal tyres, which would've made it easier for the car to accelerate.
967423346626396162	2018-02-24 15:37:54	https://t.co/zwgAtvjww3	Egyptian archaeologists find ancient necropolis with more than 1,000 statues and 40 sarcophagi https://t.co/zwgAtvjww3	 An ancient cemetery with 40 mummies inside body-shaped stone coffins and a necklace charm bearing the hieroglyphic inscription 'happy new year' has been found in the Nile Valley, Egypt's Antiquities Ministry has announced. Archaeologists, who started excavation work on the site last year, found tombs belonging to priests of Thoth, the ancient god of the moon and wisdom, as well as family members with their names in hieroglyphics. The burial site, which is more than 2,000 years old, was discovered in the city of Minya, south of Cairo, and contains canopic jars and other funerary items. It is north of the Tuna al-Gabal area, an archaeological site on the edge of Egypt's western desert, the ministry said on Saturday, and is the latest discovery in an area known to be home to ancient Egyptian catacombs. The priest's mummy was also found decorated with blue and red beads and bronze gilded sheets. Archaeologists also uncovered 40 sarcophagi believed to belong to the priest's family members, some bearing the names of their owners in hieroglyphics. Another tomb includes several coffins, statues depicting ancient priests and other funeral artefacts. Antiquities Minister Khaled al-Anani said: 'We will need at least five years to work on the necropolis. 'This is only the beginning of a new discovery'. Among the collection four well preserved alabaster canopic jars inscribed with hieroglyphics and designed to hold the mummified internal organs of their owner, the high priest. Mostafa Waziri, secretary-general of the Supreme Council of Antiquities, said the scarab charm with the new year greeting had been unearthed last New Year's Eve in a 'wonderful coincidence'. He said eight tombs have been uncovered so far and he expects more will be discovered soon. The necropolis is thought to host members of different families and is believed to date back to the so called 'Late Period' of ancient Egypt and the Ptolemaic era, the time between the death of Alexander the Great (323 BC) and Cleopatra (30 BC). Excavation work in the area started in late 2017, with archaeologists on a quest to find the remainder of the cemetery of Upper Egypt's 15th nome during ancient times. Last May, Egyptian archaeologists unearthed a necropolis containing at least 17 mummies also near the village of Tuna el-Gabal, with mummified remains of women and children among the discoveries. The area hosts a large necropolis for thousands of mummified ibis and baboon birds as well as other animals. It also includes tombs and a funerary building. Earlier this month, archaeologists in Egypt discovered a 4,400-year-old tomb near the country's famed pyramids at the Giza plateau just outside Cairo. The tomb was found in a wider area of Giza's western necropolis, which is known to be home to tombs from the Old Kingdom, according to the country's Antiquities Ministry. It likely belonged to a woman known as Hetpet, who archaeologists believe was close to ancient Egyptian royals of the 5th Dynasty more than four millennia ago. The tomb is made of mud brick and includes wall paintings in good condition depicting Hetpet observing different hunting and fishing scenes. Hetpet's tomb is close to a new museum under construction that will house some of Egypt's most unique and precious artifacts, including many belonging to the famed boy King Tutankhamun. The tomb of King Tut, who ruled Egypt more than 3,000 years ago, was discovered in 1922 in the Valley of the Kings, located on the west bank of the Nile river in Luxor. Egypt's relics are a draw for foreign visitors and authorities hope new finds can help attract more as a way to help revive tourism hit by the unrest that followed the overthrow of former President Hosni Mubarak in 2011. The number of tourists visiting the country rose 54 per cent to 8.3million last year, still well below the 14.7million who came in 2010. 
967399121576394752	2018-02-24 14:01:38	https://t.co/fd7gLenm4J	The common sex injury that targets the cervix and can leave women in agony https://t.co/fd7gLenm4J	 There's a sex injury that's common, painful - but poorly understood. A bruised cervix can occur during vigorous sex, or sex with a well-endowed partner when a woman is not sufficiently aroused through foreplay. Cervical bruising is painful, can lead to bleeding, and can make later intercourse painful and unpleasant. It can also lead to other problems, like vaginismus, an involuntary muscle spasm that closes the vagina prior to penetration. The cervix is the channel between the vagina and the uterus. Symptoms of bruising include feeling unusually sensitive for a few days after sex, or experiencing cramping. In rare cases, there may be bleeding. Cervical bruising in sex is most likely caused by a penis too large for the vaginal canal, bumping repeatedly against the cervix wall and causing some superficial damage. Know your body Thankfully, bruising does not lead to long-term damage. But it is painful, and there are steps you can take to make this experience less likely. The cervix grows when aroused, similar to a penis, and it also softens. This reduces the potential for damage. If a woman isn't aroused, her cervix remains small and hard: the average cervix when not aroused is between 3 and 4 inches, which is significantly smaller than the average penis. Foreplay therefore is important. Nicole Lane at Ravishly writes that 20 to 30 minutes is a good period for foreplay in order to help avoid cervical bruising - as well as having fun, of course. Foreplay also triggers natural lubricants, which make sex easier and less likely to cause pain and bruising. Doctor Catherine Hansen, an obstrtrician and educator, notes that different women have different bodies, and this will contribute to their chance of bruising. The cervix may, for instance, lie closer to the vagina in some women more than others, and therefore is more likely to be hit during sex. Experiment with positions Hansen recommends experimenting with positions to find the one that feels the best. '[You should] re-position, or stop, if there is pelvic pressure or pain during sex so that any ongoing pain would be completely avoided,' she says. You might also want to try things other than penetrative sex. Lane writes: 'Sex doesn't have to involve PIV intercourse for hetero couples: handwork, oral, foreplay, and anal are all other amazing ways to achieve an orgasm.' Cervical bruising will heal of its own accord, from a few days up to a week after intercourse. If pain persists after that time, it's important to visit a doctor. 'Ibuprofen 400-800mg can help with the cramping. For women who anticipate that they will have pain, they can take the ibuprofen dose prior to intercourse (approximately 30 minutes prior to sex would be best),' says Dr Hansen. 'Any pelvic pressure or pain that results from cervical 'trauma' (tapping or touching the cervix during sex) is temporary and should be resolved with a couple of hours (max 24 hours),' she says. 
967374979846365184	2018-02-24 12:25:42	https://t.co/bZ1Ku6rvPn	Rare glimpse into former Soviet Union's Communist regime reveals how leaders enjoyed a life of luxury https://t.co/bZ1Ku6rvPn	 A rare glimpse into the dark heart of the former Soviet Union's Communist regime has revealed how party leaders enjoyed luxury conditions while the workers toiled for a pittance. The two administration blocks of the giant Nowa Huta steelworks have been frozen in time from an era where Cold War paranoia gripped the Soviet bloc and inequality raged behind closed doors. At it's peak, the former Vladimir Lenin works employed 40,000 faithful workers and produced 6.7 billion tonnes of steel a year to propel the East's arms and space race with the West. The site, which measures 15 square kilometres and once had five blast furnaces thundering in union, was built next to a Socialist dream suburb in Krakow, Poland, which was then under the iron grip of the Kremlin. But, after decades of secrecy, the recent opening of the steelworks' redundant offices has laid bare the false premise of utilitarian communism and how their social experiment failed as the people of Krakow rebelled against their leaders. Blocks Z and S, which stand guard are at the entrance to the sprawling works – which is still functioning with one furnace producing industrial rather than military supplies – look identical but the Daily Mail was granted an exclusive tour to witness the sharp contrast between the workers and their leaders. While the workers' block, for low level officials and administration, is dour and functional, Block Z – the initial of the Polish word for management – is an ostentatious temple to power. A three-metre long chandelier, complete with 120 light bulbs, hangs decadently from an art deco ceiling in the main conference room which has enough leather backed chairs for up to 100 delegates. The seven-metre floor to ceiling windows afford a gaze of ornamental gardens and the wood panelled walls are hand-crafted and burnished to an elegant finish. The flooring in the communal areas is impressive marble or the high-craftsmanship parquet that would have home designers in raptures. 'Some of the wood came from the oak forests of the Caucuses and was very expensive. It was hand-crafted just for these offices' explained Mateusz Marchocki, a 25-year-old Russian studies graduate from Krakow University who works as a guide for the community project that has started to conduct tours around the buildings after its owners, ArcelorMittal, granted them access. 'No expense was spared for the management while the building for the workers was much more simple. There are no fancy furnishings over there. It is a classic George Orwell: some people are more equal than others.' Every twist and turn of Block Z reinforces that view with sweeping staircases leading up to domed niches which look out onto a sky that would have once been suffused with the smoke and sparks from the hard-run furnaces during its production peak in the 1970s. It was so well-appointed and furnished that workers referred to it as 'The Vatican'. The imposing double doors of Room 103 lead to the steelworks director's suite of offices which would have looked perfectly at home in Whitehall or Wall Street with plush-backed leather doors, polished conference tables, exclusively-commissioned furniture and a private bedroom that was the same size as most workers' humble flats on the newly built Nowa Huta estate, now a thriving suburb of Krakow. The intricate metalwork of doors and balustrades and the lofty reception rooms reek privilege and power, and they needed to as a Who's Who of the Communist elite from Nikita Khrushchev, Fidel Castro and Yugoslavia's Marshal Tito to cosmonaut Valentina Tereshkova, the first Russian woman in space, queued up to witness a showpiece of Soviet industrial and social glory. The offices have been relatively untouched – with some original fittings dating back to the 1950s to 70s - so their contents stand as a history lesson for future generations. Office worker files, detailing trademark long service records and wages that eclipsed their comrades at the furnace front, have been left in dusty archive rooms while radios and stereo systems that would have been out of reach of the workers, are fitted in senior management rooms. The paranoia of the party's high command is evidenced by a then state of the art communications suite complete with a switchboard that could link to any part of the and an ever-ready tape deck to record all calls. Vast windows loom over the works entrance so that every shift could be closely observed. That paranoia stretches into a reinforced bunker positioned strategically in the basement of the workers' Block S building – connected to Block Z by a 100-metre tunnel – as the management believed they would be safer on the other side as the NATO and US warplanes would be sure to target the offices of the elite first. All the housing blocks in Nowa Huta had a shelter that could sustain up to 100 people for three days after an attack but none were as comprehensive as the Block S bunker, reserved for around 50 senior management, which had an air filtration plant, powered by a static bike, equipment to weather chemical and atomic warfare, a command centre, bunkhouse, and rooms emblazoned with slogans such as: 'Self Defence is everyman's duty'. 'It was only every used for drills but it demonstrates detailed planning and the expectation there would be an attack – an attack by the West,' adds Mateusz. 'There were look-out points at the top of both blocks to watch for US or NATO planes. 'There was the threat of Atomic War – it was there in the West too - and the party used it to make people focus on their work. Everyone was watching the enemy on the other side of the curtain.' The Soviet chokehold on Poland was eventually thrown off by the bravery of the Solidarity union which occupied the Lenin shipyard in Gdansk in 1978 and by its misreading of its totalitarian impact on the people of Nowa Huta. 'They thought they were creating a socialist dream. They offered people from all over Poland jobs building the district and said they could have an apartment and a job in the steelworks when it was done,' adds Mateusz, whose grandparents were among the first wave to move to the area. 'They came from towns and villages across the country and the promise of a flat with a toilet and a job with regular wages was a fantastic opportunity for them. But the people were highly religious and were told there could be no church in Nowa Huta; the only God was the Communist Party. 'Taking away the cross was a shock and the people said 'this is something we must defend'. So the people were fighting to have a church and the more the State resisted, the stronger their desire became.' Clashes with military police intensified as the Soviet Union started to stutter and when the Archbishop of Krakow, Karol Wojtyla, was made Pope John Paul II in 1978 it gave the people a symbol of hope. The people of Nowa Huta spent ten years building their church - The Lord's Ark – in defiance of their rulers. 'It was built by volunteers and showed the spirit of the people,' added Mateusz. 'In the parable, Noah survives the great flood in an ark; the people of Krakow survived the red flood of communism with their ark. 'Nowa Huta is a symbol of many of the things that Soviet-style communism got wrong and how people are more than just workers or party members. Combined with the steelworks, we have a unique and fascinating window into the communist approach from the late 1950s. 'I am glad that we can now see how things were run and have the opportunity to learn from the past. 'This is so important because it shows how people were attracted to the steelworks and Nowa Huta and how, in the beginning, they believed in communism. But the perfect city for workers was the first to rebel and we are proud of that. The people fought against the system and the party found there was a limit to communism, a wall it couldn't go past. 'The communists always wanted to create the 'new man' with no God in his heart, only the party. But you can't control people's minds.' 
967372950314905600	2018-02-24 12:17:38	https://t.co/F0Of3NyYM8	Artist uses miniature figurines to playfully mock up everyday life with tiny household items https://t.co/F0Of3NyYM8	 A Hungarian artist uses miniature figurines to playfully mock up everyday life using tiny household items and photograph them. Péter Csákvári spent two years working on 'Tiny Wasteland' - where the miniature figurines appear alongside household items from brushes to pineapples, creating unusual and compelling and often humorous scenes. The 29-year-old came up with the concept while working as a chef and food photographer on the Channel Islands. Péter, from Hungary, said: 'I started my food photographer career there, but I didn't have much work, so I combined the food photography with these little figures. 'I found a miniature worker set in a model shop in Guernsey. I put them together with some blueberries, and that was the first picture.' One playful scene shows farm workers with toothpick-sized scythes on top of a scrubbing brush, cutting down the bristles as if they were bushels of wheat. Another image depicts the romantic scene of a man taking a woman rowing - in a washing-up bowl. In a third, construction workers in hard hats can be seen scaling the sides of a pineapple. Péter said he gets the figures from train model companies, but spends weeks carefully constructing each diorama and setting up the lighting before taking the photographs. Some of the scenes take on a slightly sinister mood. One picture shows a tiny chef presenting equally diminutive - and disgusted - diners with a giant house fly. 'I want to create situations that we have never seen before,' said Péter. 'They are black mirrors.' The Budapest-based artist, whose work has already appeared in the Sony World Photography Awards at Somerset House in London, says his strange creations have been well received. He said: 'Everyone who has seen them already loves them. 'They've been around the world. One morning I saw my pictures on a Mexican morning TV show, and on the same day my pictures appeared in a magazine in Cuba.'
967369595920281600	2018-02-24 12:04:19	https://t.co/3IrFGQpYhK	Toxic plastic particles are found in 75% of deep sea fish in the Northwest Atlantic https://t.co/3IrFGQpYhK	 Plastic particles have been found in almost three-in-four deep sea fish, according to a new study. The research, which looked at marine life in the Northwest Atlantic, is one of the highest ever reported frequencies of so-called 'microplastics' in fish worldwide. As well as causing internal physical damage, inflammation of intestines and reduced feeding in fish, the toxic particles can be passed up the food chain to humans. Scientists at the National University of Ireland in Galway carried out the research during a transatlantic crossing, collecting dead deep sea fish from midwater trawls in the Northwest Atlantic Ocean. Seventy-three per cent of the fish, taken at a depth of up to 600 metres (1,970 feet), were found to have ingested plastics. Of these animals, a large proportion were smaller fish typically found between 200 and 1,000 metres (650-3,300 ft) beneath the surface. So-called mesopelagic fish are commonly eaten by tuna, mackerel and other common seafood species, which can then pass the plastics on to humans. They include the spotted lanternfish, glacier lanternfish, white-spotted lanternfish, rakery beaconlamp, stout sawpalate and scaly dragonfish. The findings suggest 'indirect contamination' of food through the transfer of microplastics between species. Lead author Alina Wieczorek, of the National University of Ireland in Galway, said: 'Deep-water fish migrate to the surface at night to feed on microscopic plankton and this is likely when they are exposed to the microplastics. 'Microplastic pollution has been in the news recently, with several governments planning a ban on microbeads used in cosmetics and detergents. 'The high ingestion rate of microplastics by mesopelagic fish we observed has important consequences for the health of marine ecosystems and bio-geochemical cycling in general.' Microplastics are small plastic pellets ranging in size from 0.5 millimetres that have accumulated in the marine environment following decades of pollution. These fragments can cause significant issues for marine organisms that ingest them, including inflammation, reduced feeding and weight-loss. Microplastic contamination may also spread from organism to organism when prey is eaten by predators. Since the fragments can bind to chemical pollutants, these associated toxins could accumulate in predator species - such as tuna, mackerel, swordfish, dolphins, seals and sea birds. Ms Wieczorek and colleagues set out to catch fish in a remote area of the Northwest Atlantic - an eddy, or whirlpool, off the coast of Newfoundland. One of the inspected spotted lanternfish, which was 4.5 centimetres long, had 13 microplastics extracted from its stomach contents. The identified microplastics were mostly fibres, commonly blue and black in colour. Plastic pollution has become so widespread that we may be inhaling up to 130 tiny pieces a day, research found. Fibres from fleece and polyester clothing and particles from urban dust and car tyres are the biggest sources of so-called microplastics in the air. The tiny specks are lighter than air and could cause asthma, heart disease and auto-immune conditions, the research, published in December 2017, found. The study, a review of a number of recent plastics studies, revealed washing a single polyester garment can produce 1,900 plastic fibres. This plastic pollution is on the rise as more and more synthetic clothing is produced. While only people working with plastic fibres are known to develop respiratory problems, experts say the pollution is so widespread that it may now pose a risk to everyone's health. The study's author, Dr Joana Correia Prata, of Fernando Pessoa University in Portugal, said: 'The evidence suggests that an individual's lungs could be exposed to between 26 and 130 airborne microplastics a day, which would pose a risk for human health, especially in susceptible individuals, including children. 'Exposure may cause asthma, cardiac disease, allergies and auto-immune diseases.' In total, 233 fish were examined, ranging in size from 3.5 centimetres (1.4 inches) to 59 centimetres (23 inches). Upon return the fish were inspected at Ms Wieczorek's lab for microplastics in their stomach contents. A specialised air filter was used so as not to introduce airborne plastic fibres from the lab environment. Ms Wieczorek said: 'We recorded one of the highest frequencies of microplastics among fish species globally. 'In particular, we found high levels of plastic fiberers such as those used in textiles.' Ms Wieczorek said many of these ingested microplastics have associated additives, such as colourants and flame retardants that are added to plastics during production process. She said: 'There is now evidence some of these toxins on the microplastics can be transferred to animals that eat them, with potential harmful effects.'
967359655801511936	2018-02-24 11:24:49	https://t.co/nemmvyUAX7	Nearly 1,000 jihadi brides are returning to Europe as ISIS collapses, border chiefs warn https://t.co/nemmvyUAX7	 A legion of nearly 1,000 jihadi brides are set to return to the West as the caliphate collapses bringing with them a dangerous new wave of terror. Brussels fears the decline of ISIS and its territories is prompting women and their children to flee the Middle East and relocate in the West. A report by EU border agency Frontex warns the threat is 'evolving' and that it is hard to assess the long-term threat of widowed wives and orphaned children. It comes amid a frightening trend of women having sought 'more active roles' in jihad following the rise of IS. Several women were involved in a plot to attack Notre Dame cathedral in September 2016, while there have been numerous high-profile cases of British women fleeing to Syria to marry IS fighters. Frontex says: 'An estimated 30 per cent of 5,000 foreign terrorist fighters who resided in Europe, and left to Syria, Iraq or Libya have come back to the Continent. 'The challenges are even more complicated when adding the hundreds of brides and children.' 'Almost 1,000 women from Europe have joined the different jihadist groups in the Middle East, mainly Daesh. Furthermore several hundred minors are also believed to have been brought to, or born in, the same region.' In 2017 a British female jihadist who became known as the White Widow and Mrs Terror was killed in a US drone strike while attempting to flee the IS capital of Raqqa. Onetime punk rocker Sally Jones, from Kent, fled to Syria with her son in 2013 before becoming a recruiter for the terror group. She was killed by a Predator missile near the border of Iraq and Syria as she tried to flee the group's stronghold in Raqqa, it is understood. While former director of global counter-terrorism at MI6 Richard Barrett said last October that from the start of 2017 to May women were involved in almost a quarter of all terror plots in Europe. Women have become so prominent within jihadi campaigns that al-Qaeda released a propaganda magazine in December aimed solely at women. The magazine called Beituki - translated as Your Home - advises women on how best to support their husbands including 'always greeting him with a smile.' 
967353182853779456	2018-02-24 10:59:06	https://t.co/OHqdHtqAyb	Inside the £15K-a-night Dubai suite the A-listers can't get enough of https://t.co/OHqdHtqAyb	 It's named after one of fashion's flashiest brands, with its figurehead known for her opulent style. So it's no wonder that the £500 million neoclassical Versace hotel in Dubai - aptly named 'Palazzo Versace' - is nothing less than astounding. Boasting 215 suites and 169 private exclusive condominiums on the Dubai Creek, every detail from the branded crockery to the air vents in the palatial hotel were personally designed by Donatella Versace herself. Indeed, so popular is the hotel with the A-list, that Jennifer Lopez has stayed there on multiple occasions, most recently in the Imperial suite with boyfriend Alex Rodriguez in November - a sumptuous suite sprawled over two floors complete with double lifts, two suites, a Michelin star chef on hand and a private roof terrace with a pool. Scroll down for video The private apartments often play host to royals, celebrities and millionaire footballers and rapper 50 Cent - and while staff are sworn to secrecy when it comes to their well-heeled clientele, some guests just can't resist sharing snaps of their lavish suites online. Modelled with architecture reminiscent of a sixteenth-century Italian palace, the first glimpse upon entering the grand lobby is a three-tonne hand-blown bohemian glass chandelier. A marble mosaic made up of 1.5 million pieces by Fantini Mosaici, a fourth-generation Italian firm which worked on most of Gianni's homes, boasts the brand's famous Medusa head logo as you head through the lavish lobby. The entrance is adorned with specially bred orchids, flown over from Holland every six weeks, and an abundance of branded plush sofas adorn the lobby area. Various royal family members are rumoured to own residences there, and the building- which houses two wings and nine floors, is sprinkled with paintings of celebrities including Rihanna and Gigi Hadid clad in Versace. The suite is a favourite with celebrities, hosting the likes of Donatella Versace herself, as well as Fifty Cent, Busta Rhymes and Toni Braxton as previous residents. The Saturdays singer Vanessa White is also a fan, as is British singer Alesha Dixon. The establishment's success is phenomenal, especially considering the hotel only celebrated its official opening just over a year ago. Hosted by Donatella herself in November 2016, the hotel's grand celebration saw the likes of Alessandra Ambrosio, Helena Christensen attending the lavish, star-studded bash. And it has quickly become a favourite among the A-list; in November 2017 J Lo shared a taster with her fans as she enjoyed the £16,500 a night suite, dressed in the brand's Vogue print dress gifted to her by Donatella. According to reports the 'polite' singer enjoyed a low-key stay, keen to spend private time with her former professional baseball player boyfriend. They then enjoyed a roof top pool party with her dancer entourage, shared to one of her crew's Instagram stories. And the hotel is indeed in part a tribute to her, with the Giardino restaurant decorated in the green-and-white jungle print that featured on J Lo's infamously low-cut dress at the Grammy's in 2000. Meanwhile at the luxury Italian restaurant Vanitas every piece of pasta is hand made, and it boasts a Michelin star chef. Everything from the smallest piece of cutlery to the air vents boasts the logo carefully picked by the design team, and the smoke extraction system in the hotel's 'Q Bar' cigar lounge- which was launched by Michael Jackson's producer Quincy Jones, is alone is worth $1m. As well as a picture signed by the King of pop himself adorning the wall, the lounge boasts residences by Quincy's proteges. Currently American Idol 2015 runner-up Clark Beckham is enjoying a six week stint at the hotel, wowing guests with his nightly jazz performances in the dimly lit all black bar. Speaking to Femail, the 25-year-old Nashville-born singer- who signed to Quincy's management in September 2017, admitted he has loved his time there. 'The band and I really love it here,' he said. 'The weather is fantastic being in the winter time, the people here are so friendly and of course Dubai itself is an amazing, beautiful place to be.' Describing Quincy as 'relaxed', he continued: 'I'm pretty early into my time signed to Quincy Jones Productions for management but in the short time I've been on board, everyone involved has been amazing. He has so many years of experience and influence it seems- Quincy is the man. Very down to earth, relaxed and loves people.' But the one thing the young singer is missing is his other half, who he dedicates many of his songs to during his performances. 'I wish I was able to fly her over,' he admitted. 'She's finishing up her senior year at University back in the States so she's busy with classes and exams. I certainly miss her a lot. It's not 'fun' to be away from each other but it's nice to know that you have someone that you enjoy life with more together than when you're apart. We miss each other but that's a good thing.' And speaking about his experience with American Idol judge Jennifer Lopez, he revealed: 'Contestants weren't allowed to have relationships with the judges in order to keep the process fair and not have favoritism come into play between the judges and contestants. 'While I didn't talk much to Jennifer, she always had a wonderful presence about her that personally made me relax and able to perform to the best of my ability.' Despite being a rising star Clark isn't immune to his plush surroundings, admitting: 'The Versace hotel has been fantastic. Who wouldn't want to stay here? The staff is very kind and helpful and it really has a family aspect to it. It sounds silly but the beds are so very comfortable here and the food at the restaurants is really really good. Haven't had spa treatment quite yet but I want to!' The hotel's spa boasts an impressive menu, including a champagne treatment which involves getting your body is wrapped in mud infused with a glass of bubbly, before you are treated to a two hour exfoliating and moisturising massage. So relaxing are the facilities, that The Saturday's singer Vanessa White enjoyed a stint there in December after completing a gruelling stay in Australia's I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Outta Here jungle. And the spa offers a whole lifestyle package, allowing guests a full day of luxury for an eye-watering £935. Aptly named the 'Ultimate Package', it begins the day with a pick-up by limousine, followed by a relaxing breakfast at Giardino restaurant which offers every morning cuisine from Iranian to Chinese and European. It is then followed by a day of face, body, beauty treatments and finishes with a massage. The spa treatments are followed by a two-course lunch at the signature Italian restaurant Vanitas or the poolside restaurant Amalfi and departure by limousine. FEMAIL writer Jessica Rach was lucky enough to spend a day living like a celebrity, and was bowled over by the taste of luxury she experienced. After being collected from the airport by a chauffeur-driven car adorned with Versace cushions, she was ushered up to an sprawling suite bigger than our London flats. Complete with two bathrooms, a walk in wardrobe, a huge sitting and dining room and spacious bedroom with silken branded sheets, a butler soon swept in with a selection of breakfast dishes. After a brief but heavenly nap, Jessica was given a tour of the famous J Lo suite, before a Michelin star chef cooked her a luxurious three-course meal of his own special recipes - including mouth-watering caviar made from melon. Next up was a luxurious two hour champagne massage and exfoliation, before Jessica was treated to a relaxing hour of yoga. And although she couldn't quite imagine any of the models enjoying this much food, another dinner of luxury awaited her - this time in the Italian Giardino restaurant. With plates and cups adorned with the Medusa head, the female clientele were even given a separate satin mini chair for their designer bags. Jessica ended the day in the atmospheric cigar lounge, being serenaded by the jazzy sounds of Clark Beckham, wishing we too could join the A-list. And the hotel certainly has a knack of converting any guest to a lover of the designer. Inspired by founder of the brand Gianni Versace, sister Donatella- who took over as artistic director of the brand following his murder, decided to give the hotel a less flamboyant vibe when designing the interiors. Speaking about her role as ambassador, Donatella: said: 'I am thrilled to attend the grand opening of Palazzo Versace Dubai. I visited the hotel prior to opening, and was amazed at its beauty. 'This truly is a luxury destination second to none in the world. I'm also excited to bring our couture collection to Dubai for the first time ever. The United Arab Emirates is a very important market for Versace, and we have many brand loyalists living there. We're so happy to be able to bring the Versace experience to the Middle East.' Gianni was tragically murdered in July 1997 aged just 50, in Miami Beach, Florida, after the serial killer Andrew Cunanan, then 27, shot him on the steps of his mansion. 
967351236293951488	2018-02-24 10:51:21	https://t.co/93pmx7S7CG	People with unemployed partners reveal their VERY resentful feelings https://t.co/93pmx7S7CG	 Searching for a job can be tedious and discouraging but many would argue it's worth the financial rewards and stability. A collection of confessions from people around the world shared on Whisper revealed however, some people are content with not working and don't feel inspired to attempt searching - even if it places more financial pressure on their spouse. Married people shared their honest views on having an unemployed spouse, with many admitting they resent their unemployed partner. From being glad when things are repossessed to concerns over what they'll eat from day to day, some admit they felt forced to give their spouse an ultimatum.
967337840588873728	2018-02-24 09:58:08	https://t.co/R2mw7jGxXX	Dozens more die in Syrian air raids on rebel-held town where scores of children have been hurt or killed https://t.co/R2mw7jGxXX	 The U.N. Security Council has unanimously approved a resolution demanding a 30-day cease-fire across Syria 'without delay' to deliver humanitarian aid to millions and evacuate the critically ill and wounded. The sponsors, Kuwait and Sweden, amended the resolution late on Friday in a last-minute attempt to get Russian support, dropping a demand that the cease-fire take effect in 72 hours. The resolution comes as air strikes on the Syrian rebel enclave of Eastern Ghouta on Saturday took the civilian death toll from seven days of devastating bombardment to more than 500. As she headed into the meeting, U.S. Ambassador Nikki Haley said: 'Today we are going to see if Russia has a conscience.' 'Every minute the council waited on Russia, the human suffering grew,' the US ambassador to the UN, Nikki Haley, told the Security Council, accusing Russia of stalling. 'As they dragged out the negotiations, the bombs from Assad's fighter jets continued to fall. In the three days it took us to adopt this resolution, how many mothers lost their kids to the bombing and the shelling?' Russian Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia rejected accusations of foot-dragging, saying that negotiations were needed to arrive at a demand for a ceasefire that was 'feasible.' Sweden's UN Ambassador Olof Skoog said before the vote that the resolution could de-escalate violence and save lives. 'The UN convoys and evacuation teams are ready to go,' he said. The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said at least 35 civilians were killed in Saturday's strikes, including eight children. A night of heavy bombardment sparked fires in residential districts, it said. The Observatory has said the air strikes are being carried out by Syrian and Russian forces. Moscow, which intervened militarily in support of its Damascus ally in 2015, has denied any direct involvement in the Eastern Ghouta bombardment. US President Donald Trump on Friday said Russia's recent actions in Syria were a 'disgrace'. On Friday the vote on a UN-backed ceasefire was again delayed by at least 24 hours. But on Saturday, the meeting again failed to start as scheduled at 1700 GMT as negotiations continued in an effort to avert a Russian veto. UN Security Council members had been discussing a cessation of hostilities for the last month to allow aid to be brought in and the injured to be taken out. But negotiations have been bogged down over a number of issues, including when the ceasefire should begin. Moscow said that it wanted to include a 30-day calming period to allow for aid deliveries and medical evacuations but critics say that as the main ally of President Bashar al-Assad, it is in fact suing for more time. The Security Council members were unable to agree on the precise language that could gain Russia's support. As a permanent member of the council, Moscow has veto power, and has used it at least 10 times to protect the government of President Assad. To win Russia's approval, language specifying that the ceasefire would start 72 hours after the adoption of the draft was scrapped, replaced by 'without delay,' and the term 'immediate' was also dropped in reference to the aid deliveries and evacuations. In another concession to Moscow, the resolution said the ceasefire will not apply to operations against the Islamic State group or Al-Qaeda, along with 'individuals, groups, undertakings and entities' associated with the terror groups. That would allow the Syrian government offensive to continue against Al-Qaeda-linked jihadists in Idlib, the last province in Syria outside the control of Damascus. The resolution also states that 5.6 million people in 1,244 communities are in 'acute need,' including 2.9 million in hard-to-reach and besieged locations. Russia has vetoed 11 draft resolutions throughout the Syrian conflict to block action that targeted its ally. In November, it used its veto to end a UN-led investigation of chemical weapons attacks in Syria. A Russian-proposed amendment, which the sponsors rejected, would have ruled out an immediate cease-fire. Instead, it would have demanded that all parties 'stop hostilities as soon as possible' and work for a 'humanitarian pause' for at least 30 days. Control of eastern Ghouta is shared between two main Islamist factions, while Syria's former Al-Qaeda affiliate is also present. Russia insists there can be no ceasefire with the jihadists or their allies. Russia has been pressing for a negotiated withdrawal of rebel fighters and their families like the one that saw the government retake full control of second city Aleppo in December 2016. But all three rebel groups have refused and President Assad along with fhis supporters argue that jihadists are using the enclave to fire rockets at Syrian government positions. The brutal wave of airstrikes and artillery bombardment has been supported by his Russian allies. On Friday rescuers claimed deadly napalm is being used to incinerate East Ghouta, Aid volunteers captured images of what they said were missiles loaded with flammable liquid raining down on the city of Hamouria in East Ghouta. A video, which is mostly dark apart from burning material appeared to fall from the sky, shows missiles 'loaded with prohibited napalm' being dropped in 'residential neighbourhoods'. The use of napalm is banned in civilian areas by the United Nations Convention on Certain Conventional Weapons. Similar claims were made in 2015 after an alleged attack on the besieged city of Darayya. In 2013 young children and adults suffered horrific burns after being caked in a 'napalm-like' substance when a bomb was dropped on a school playground near the country's capital. People on the ground in eastern Ghouta are huddled in basements while government forces pound the enclave with rockets and bombs, turning towns into fields of ruins and even hitting hospitals. Aid group Doctors Without Borders said 13 of the facilities it supports in Eastern Ghouta were damaged or destroyed in three days, leaving remaining staff with very little to save the hundreds of wounded brought to them every day. In the hospital mortuary in Douma, the main town in the enclave just east of Damascus, bodies wrapped in white shrouds were already lined up on the floor, two of them children. Russia has so far denied direct involvement in the assault on Ghouta but the pro-government Syrian newspaper Al-Watan reported on Thursday that Russian warplanes and advisers had joined the battle. The US said on Thursday Russia had 'unique responsibility' for the deaths. Regime and allied forces have been massing around the enclave, in which an estimated 400,000 people live, ahead of a likely ground offensive to flush out holdout Islamist and jihadist groups. The indiscriminate bombardment and the strikes on medical facilities have sparked global outrage but few concrete options have emerged to stop the bloodletting. The aid community voiced its frustration as the world appeared once again powerless to stop a conflict that has left almost 350,000 dead in seven years and caused destruction rarely seen since World War II. Earlier Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said jihadist fighters in Ghouta had rejected an evacuation deal. The head of the defence committee in Russia's lower house of parliament said Thursday that more than 200 new types of weapons were tested as part of his country's military support to the regime of President Bashar al-Assad. 'It's not an accident that today they are coming to us from many directions to purchase our weapons, including countries that are not our allies,' he said. 
967157876853788672	2018-02-23 22:03:01	https://t.co/mxyxeHWQz8	Older fathers may endanger health of offspring: Study finds lifespan is shorter https://t.co/mxyxeHWQz8	 Having an old father could knock years off your life, according to new research. Experiments on mice found the offspring of elderly males had a lifespan that was two months shorter on average - the equivalent of several years in humans. It follows previous studies suggesting a link between older fathers and a greater risk of epilepsy, autism and some cancers in their progeny. Researchers from Bonn, Germany, said although the findings were based on rodents, they may also apply to humans. Dr Dan Ehninger said: 'What we have described here are fundamental mechanisms in a mammalian model organism. These could also be relevant for humans.' Women have long been warned the older they are, the greater the risk of health problems for them and their baby. But there is a growing body of research that suggests a father's can also affect a baby's health. Dr Ehninger and colleagues from the German Centre for Neurodegenerative Diseases in Bonn identified a rise in the number of chemicals related to ageing and disease in the mice born to older fathers. The sperm of old males, as well as the tissue from their offspring featured similar 'epigenetic' changes to their DNA caused by lifestyle factors. Where was the study published? The results published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences are indicative of influences on the ageing process handed down from father to son and could be relevant in a human context. Dr Ehninger said: 'Statistically, certain diseases occur more often in children of old fathers than in the offspring of young men. 'This is the case, for example, for psychiatric disorders such as autism or schizophrenia. 'Associations between paternal age and health outcomes in offspring, described by a number of epidemiological studies, could arise for many reasons. 'We wanted to address whether age-related biological changes in the male germ line could underlie effects on offspring health. 'Our study was focused specifically on lifespan and ageing-associated pathologies in old father offspring.' In the first study of its kind, his team compared two groups of mice that included the descendants of young and old fathers, with the former mated at an age of four months, and the latter at least 21 months. This would be roughly the equivalent to a man having a child in his 20s or 60s, respectively. How old were the mothers? The mouse-mothers were all four months old. All offspring grew up under the same living conditions and never had contact with their fathers. Offspring from both groups were examined at the age of six and 19 months. Professor Martin Hrabe de Angelis, director of the German Mouse Clinic, Munich, said: 'We looked at 13 biological parameters that had previously been shown to change during natural ageing in mice.' 'These included deposits in the kidneys, tissue changes in the lungs, as well as alterations in proteins associated with oxidative stress.' Age-associated traits were more pronounced in the 19-month-old offspring of elderly mice than descendants of young fathers. Dr Kan Xie, a member of Dr Ehninger's lab said: 'If you take our parameters as a reference, then you can certainly say the descendants of the old mouse-fathers aged faster than the offspring of young fathers.' What did the study find? Paternal age effects were also evident with regards to lifespan. Offspring of young fathers showed an average lifespan about two months longer than that of peers with old fathers. The scientists do not assume that the different development was caused by defects in the offspring's genome. Dr Ehninger said: 'Comparing the two groups of mice, we found no significant differences in mutation rates, at least not with the methodology employed in the present study.' But there were alterations in the sperm of the fathers with regards to epigenetic marks of the genome. Dr Ehninger said: 'We could show that the offspring of old fathers showed an increased activation state of the mTORC1 signaling pathway. 'This pathway is known to be an important regulator of growth and many metabolic processes.' Whether this is the case in humans, and to what extent, has not been tested and remains unknown. Dr Ehninger said: 'In this respect, our results cannot be directly applied to humans.' He points out data on the extent to which epigenetic marks of human sperm change with age are limited so far. But he added: 'However, our results provide a good reason to take a closer look at this.'
967144163467825153	2018-02-23 21:08:31	https://t.co/SH1cuvdgr3	Shining UFO is spotted over northern Norway and 'EXPLODES into two' https://t.co/SH1cuvdgr3	 A bright, white UFO has been spotted over a remote part of northern Norway. The aircraft was seen by stunned onlookers in Bardufoss on Thursday afternoon. A short while later, it was seen again in 80 miles away in Tromsø. It lingered until after sunset then exploded neatly into two parts before disappearing into dust, according to witnesses. Perplexed locals shared photographs and videos of the structure as it hovered above them near the town of Tromsø on Thursday night. Tarquin Millington-Drake of Frontier Travels told DailyMail.com how he witnessed the spectacle. 'We thought it was a chopper coming towards us - a very bright light which came over the mountain and headed toward us - then it turned and went past us. Scroll down for video 'Then it seemed to explode but the explosion was very uniform and symmetrical like two butterfly explosions either side of the light. 'It then seemed to turn and go away but no longer as one bright light - just bright dust that faded,' he said. Mr. Millington-Drake watched it from the Wolf Lodge, a remote hideaway in Bardufoss where guests have up-close experiences with wolves. He and other guests were gathered around a fire outside waiting for the northern lights when the UFO appeared. Stunning photographs from the lodge show the group watching, stunned, as the UFO hovered above them, far outshining the stars. 'We assumed it was some special event laid on but the luxury Wolf Lodge but when our hosts starting taking photos it became clear that was not the case. 'It veered away from coming directly from us and just went across the valley. 'By now we were all watching intently and then suddenly it seemed to explode with those butterfly shaped wings. 'It slowed dramatically, now the bright light was more subdued and the light from the explosion joined to form an amoeba-like circle of light which then seemed to turn away from us and then slowly faded totally. 'It seems nobody in Bardufoss knows what it was. 'There is a big military base there but still no definitive theories from anyone.' So far the only explanation for the sighting is that it could have been Paz, a radar imaging satellite which was launched on Thursday from Elon Musk's Falcon 9. Musk's Tesla launched it on behalf of the Spanish Ministry of Defence. The satellite will orbit earth 15 times a day for five-and-a-half years taking photographs. It was launched in California on Thursday along with two Musk's StarLink, two prototype satellites whose later versions will beam broadband internet anywhere in the world. SpaceX, Musk's company which launched them, did not respond to DailyMail.com's requests for comment about the Norway sighting on Friday.
967139531001679873	2018-02-23 20:50:07	https://t.co/smoxIGEvl6	Moment policeman shoves defiant woman to the ground in Iran after she bravely dared to go without headscarf https://t.co/smoxIGEvl6	 This is the moment an Iranian woman is pushed by a police officer as she protests against the mandatory wearing of the hijab. The woman, standing high above Tehran pedestrians on a makeshift platform, is seen defiantly waving a headscarf on the end of a stick. But the protest turns nasty when a police officer climbs onto the podium and pushes her to the pavement, earning jeers from spectators. The veil has been a mandatory dress requirement for women in Iran since the Islamic Revolution in 1979. It comes a day after footage showed another protester, Shaparak Shajarizadeh standing on a traffic island in the Iranian capital Tehran and waving her headscarf around on the end of a stick. In the latest clip, the woman is seen raising the headscarf above her head by a set of traffic lights in Tehran. Two policemen confront the protester and ask her to come down to the pavement. She asked what offence she had committed, and was told she was 'disturbing public order', according to The New Arab. One activist said: 'No man has the right to treat a woman like this'. Around 30 women have been arrested in Tehran for refusing to wear a headscarf, it is reported. A movement called White Wednesdays sees women flouting the regulations by capturing footage and pictures of themselves without their hijabs and posting it online. The Islamic code also forbids women touching, dancing or singing with men outside their families. Women are only allowed to show their face, hands and feet in public and are supposed to wear only modest colours. Over the years, however, women have pushed back the boundaries of the law, with many wearing loose, brightly coloured headscarves far back on their heads. In November, footage emerged of women standing up to police and strangers after walking the streets without hijabs. At one point a female campaigner shouts 'spit out your insults' after being told to cover her head while a second film shows a man threatening to slap a young woman for breaking the law. Another video showed a father standing up for her daughter after a passer-by ordered her to 'observe hijab'. The father stands his ground and tells the man 'I don't believe that nonsense'. 
967135149489119232	2018-02-23 20:32:42	https://t.co/Rh1Yigc8pe	Adventurer performs a 540-degree jump over a bridge as he wake-boards past Dubai's luxury hotels https://t.co/Rh1Yigc8pe	 This stunning footage shows a wakeboarding star jumping over bridges and bouncing off walls as he navigates his way through the waterways of Dubai. JB O'Neill, a 27-year-old competitor from Austin, Texas, cruised past magnificent palaces on his way through Dubai's Madinat Jumeirah waterways. With amazing tricks such as a 540-degree jump over a bridge, the wakeboarder hit a top speed of 21mph (34kmh) on his trip across the water. The footage was filmed by the Madinat Jumeirah resort which has a private beach as well as a 1000-seat amphitheatre, and where prices start at £355 a night. In the video near Dubai's beautiful beach O'Neill is seen strapping on a helmet before splashing down in front of impressed spectators. He somersaults over a walkway before getting down low to squeeze his way underneath a bridge, with only a two-foot gap between him and the walkway. After speeding up a ramp and then bouncing off a stone wall, O'Neill uses another ramp to vault and spin over a wide pedestrian bridge. O'Neill completed 30 different jumps during the spectacular stunt, though he could not help splashing a passer-by on the way. He said he first took part in the sport 14 years ago using a wakeboard that came with the family boat. 'It was definitely the most beautiful place I have ever ridden, it’s like the resort was actually designed for wakeboarding,' he said. 'We were filming in such a prestigious location where we need to minimize the impact on the guests and the daily operations, this put a bit more pressure on me of course. The 1.9 miles (3km) of waterways connect the different parts of the resort with its gardens, ballrooms and 90 boutiques and restaurants. 
967129447819247618	2018-02-23 20:10:03	https://t.co/ViMmhZqUmv	Incredible time-lapse reveals construction of Saudi Arabia's $2 billion, 3,280ft Jeddah Tower https://t.co/ViMmhZqUmv	 An incredible new timelapse reveals construction work on Saudi Arabia's Jeddah Tower, which is set to break the record as the world's tallest building when it is completed next year. The clip shows the skyscraper, which will stretch more than a 3,280ft (1,000 metres) above the Saudi city of Jeddah upon completion, as it is constructed from its foundations in early 2014 to its current height of 870ft (266 metres). The 170-storey building is set to surpass Dubai's Burj Khalifa as the world's highest building and will feature a hotel, apartments and offices, as well as a large outdoor viewing deck that doubles as an 'air park'. The video, posted by YouTube user Checoblett, is a compilation of photographs taken of the tower since construction began in March 2014. It shows the building as its height rises floor-by-floor, with yellow scaffolding and enormous cranes gradually crawling up the structure's surging peak. As of February 2018, engineers have laid down 66 of the Jeddah Tower's 170 storeys, the video says. The building, which will remain a concrete and steel skeleton until its windows are added later into the build process, has now climbed to 870 ft (266 metres) of the tower's eventual height. Plagued by years of delays and funding issues, it now appears the Jeddah Tower, first proposed in 2008, may finally be on track for completion. Speaking in January, Mounib Hammoud, CEO of Jeddah Economic Company, told CNN: 'As of 2020, we'll start seeing things: You'll see the tower, you'll see the shopping mall, you'll see many other projects. Saudi Arabia's Jeddah Tower is set to break the record as the world's tallest building when it is completed next year. Once dubbed 'Kingdom Tower', the 170-storey building is to rise more than a kilometre (almost 3,300 feet), surpassing Dubai's Burj Khalifa as the world's highest building. It will feature a hotel, apartments and offices. Saudi Billionaire Prince Prince Alwaleed bin Talal first announced plans for the tower in August 2011. He claimed it would take 36 months to build after the start of construction, with an estimated cost of £900 million ($1.2 billion). By November 2014, a four-storey foundation was in place and Prince Alwaleed said the building would be finished in 2018. But that was before the kingdom felt the full force of a drop in oil revenues. In November 2015, Kingdom Holding said Jeddah Economic Company had reached a financing deal with Saudi Arabia's Alinma Investment to finish the Jeddah Tower, which then had 26 floors. In May 2017 it was announced the project had been pushed back again to the end of 2019. As of February 2018, engineers have laid down 66 of the Jeddah Tower's 170 storeys. The building, which will remain a concrete and steel skeleton until its windows are added later into the build process, has climbed to 266 metres (870 ft) of the tower's eventual 1,006 metre (3,300 ft) height. Jeddah Tower's construction fits into Saudi Arabia 2030, a government plan that aims to diversify the economy in the kingdom and reduce its dependence on oil. 'Jeddah is going to be repositioned on the international scene of modern cities,' he adds. 'You speak about downtown Dubai - and now we're going to have downtown Jeddah.' Costs for the project had originally been estimated at around £900 million ($1.2 billion). But delays and an oil price crash have skyrocketed the total cost to at least £1.5 billion ($2 billion). The Tower is being funded by Saudi billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, who chairs Kingdom Holding Co whose affiliated Jeddah Economic Company is developing the spire-topped landmark. The huge fund, compliant with Islamic sharia law, will also be used to develop the first phase of Jeddah Economic City. The City is an urban project surrounding the tower in the Obhur area north of Jeddah. The project contractor Saudi Binladin Group was among construction firms in the kingdom that suffered heavy financial losses after a collapse in oil revenues in 2014. The company, which has developed other prominent buildings in Saudi Arabia, was founded more than 80 years ago by the father of deceased Al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden. Binladin Group late last year said it had completed payment to 70,000 laid-off employees. Prince Alwaleed first announced plans to build the tower in August 2011, saying it would take 36 months to build after the start of construction. By November 2014, a four-storey foundation was in place and Prince Alwaleed said the building would be finished in 2018. But that was before the kingdom felt the full force of a drop in oil revenues. In November 2015, Kingdom Holding said Jeddah Economic Company had reached a financing deal with Saudi Arabia's Alinma Investment to finish the Jeddah Tower, which then had 26 floors. Prince Alwaleed announced in May 2017 that the project had been delayed again until 2019. Kingdom Holding has shares in the Euro Disney theme park, Apple, News Corporation and US banking giant Citigroup, among other firms. 
967123918464143361	2018-02-23 19:48:05	https://t.co/bBBEgnKX7m	Swedish scientists are using AI to build androids that are 'fully conscious copies' of dead relatives, report claims https://t.co/bBBEgnKX7m	 We may not have to wait much longer before immortality becomes a reality. Swedish scientists believe that artificial intelligence can be harnessed to create 'fully conscious copies' of our loved ones after they die, according to Sputnik News. Scientists are looking for volunteers who are willing to offer up their dead relatives for the study. They would use AI to reconstruct the voices of those who've died to allow family members to communicate with their deceased loved ones. Scientists also want to build robot replicas that look exactly like family members and friends who have died, the report claims. What's more, the scientists hope AI can be used to make the robot clones capable of completing more sophisticated tasks. The robots might be equipped to answer simple questions related to the weather, what time it is and more. Put simply, a robot clone of your grandma could become a next generation voice assistant, just like how we communicate with Amazon's Alexa or Apple's Siri. Scientists believe the technology could evolve even further, resembling the sentient human clones depicted in the hit Netflix show Black Mirror. In this way, the robots wouldn't just be capable of conversing, they'd also be able to engage in real physical contact with other humans, Sputnik noted. The technology sounds purely like science fiction, but if it ever comes to fruition, digital immortality could become a real phenomenon of the future. These scientists aren't the first to develop ideas around preserving our loved ones and our memories of them. Prominent futurist Dr Michio Kaku believes we could soon be able to upload our minds to machines, allowing us to speak to our loved ones after we or they die. The machine, or avatar, would contain memories and personality that can interact with relatives just as you would have when they were alive. In as little as 10 to 20 years, it may be possible to clone someone's mind to a computer, immortalizing their essence in a robot Terrasem Movement, a US research foundation based in Vermont, is forging ahead with the technology needed to make digital copies of people by transferring their consciousness to computers People would clone their memories and personalities to a 'mind file' which could be uploaded to a robot clone More than 56,000 people have already submitted to have their minds stored digitally 'They would, in effect, become immortal,' Kaku explained. Kaku believes it's 'only a matter of time' before these technologies become a reality. He's not the only one who thinks we may be able to harness and preserve our memories in the near future. Billionaire tech mogul Elon Musk has an entire company dedicated to potentially do just that, called Neuralink. Neuralink is developing 'neural lace' technology, which implants tiny brain electrodes that may one day upload and download thoughts. Musk has said that the chips will help 'humanity to achieve symbiosis with machines.' He believes this could possibly give humans greater control over artificial intelligence, which Musk has expressed fears about before. 'I think if we can effectively merge with AI, like improving the neural link between the cortex and your digital extension of yourself, which already exists but just has a bandwidth issue, then effectively, you become an AI-human symbiote,' he said. 'We don't have to worry about some evil dictator AI,' Musk said, 'because we are the AI collectively.' 
967119386946560000	2018-02-23 19:30:04	https://t.co/T46LKcPAxa	What is Google Pay? All you need to know https://t.co/T46LKcPAxa	 Along with its rebrand from Pay with Google to Google Pay in January 2018, the payment system merged its Android Pay and Google Wallet services and was launched a month later. The update to Android Pay resulted in new functionalities being introduced that ensured that processes were ubiquitous at point-of-sale systems and online. Google also redesigned Google Wallet and it is now called Google Pay Send. Following a trend that is proving to be popular, those in the UK and US will be able to use the Google Pay app to send and request money. The app will also show a user locations of nearby stores where they can use Google Pay depending on the location. The Google Pay app stores financial information in the form of virtual credit, debut, gift and reward cards that can be used to make payments online or at locations that accept the form of payment, as mentioned earlier. While security concerns surrounding the use of mobile payments continue to capture media attention, Google Pay will not reveal customer information at the time of payment and will transmit it through a secure and encrypted data packet. As Google Pay is an update to Android Pay, if you used this service beforehand, you will not need to make any changes as all your card and other financial information will be carried over. However, if you’ve never used any form of Google payment services before, you will need to follow the steps below: 1. Download the Google Pay app from Google Play. 2. Follow the set up instructions to add a payment method. 3. If your phone does not have the correct hardware to run Google Pay, you will be notified. After setting up Google Pay, you can use it to make payments at stores, online and on certain apps. Here’s how to do it when you are shopping in a store: 1. If you are a store, look for a ‘GPay’ sign or an NFC (Near-Field Communication) terminal. 2. Unlock your phone and hold it up to the NFC terminal as you would with any contactless payment. 3. Google Pay should launch automatically and if it doesn’t, try holding the phone closer and changing the direction. 4. Once the NFC terminal registers your device, follow the instructions to enter your PIN number. 5. The transaction will then be confirmed. When using Google Pay to purchase something online or in an app, you should also look for a ‘Buy with GPay’ sign. 1. Tap the ‘Buy with GPay’ button. 2. Set up a payment method if it has not been done before. 3. The transaction will then be confirmed. In the future, Google will allow the use of Google Pay to send money between devices but the option is still available as part of what used to be Google Wallet and is now Google Pay Send. The new Google Pay Send app can be downloaded or users can wait until Google Pay incorporates the service into itself. A date for this has not been confirmed, but UK and US user should be able to do this within the next few months.
967114373083918336	2018-02-23 19:10:09	https://t.co/lTj4tqQu8l	Photos reveal the dangerous jungle gyms and VERY inappropriate structures found in the world's worst playgrounds https://t.co/lTj4tqQu8l	 If you design playgrounds for a living, and you want to build a place where children will love to swing, run, climb, and jump with smiles on their faces — then don't take any cues from these examples. All over the world, there are strange and baffling playground designs that couldn't possibly have been designed with real, living children in mind. There are those that seem incredibly dangerous, with slides that end suddenly, dip dramatically, or empty children off into risky spaces. There are others that are highly inappropriate, with imagery that might go over a kid's head but would certainly raise a few eyebrows from adults. And there are those that are the stuff of nightmares, with creepy characters and chilling that are sure to scare anyone of a jungle gym for life. Here, FEMAIL has put together some of the most alarming examples of questionable equipment and seriously design fails.
967109314543607809	2018-02-23 18:50:03	https://t.co/tW8p43X5ED	Elephant tramples two refugees to death as it goes on the rampage through packed Rohingya camp in Bangladesh https://t.co/tW8p43X5ED	 This is the astonishing moment a wild elephant went on the rampage through a refugee camp in Bangladesh killing two people, including a child. The enraged animal could be seen tearing through makeshift huts at the massive Rohingya refugee camp in Kutupalong as terrified refugees jumped into a river to escape. Chaos broke out as the elephant crushed up to 100 huts, injuring 30 and trampling an adult and child to death. Dramatic footage, posted online by filmmaker Shafiur Rahman, shows people screaming as the animal ran amok among the crowded complex of flimsy tarpaulin-and-bamboo shelters. Panicked refugees resort to hurling items at the elephant which at one point appears to lunge at people before they swim frantically across a river to get away. It then turns and easily destroys a hut in its path. The incident occurred at the massive Kutupalong camp in the southeastern border district of Cox's Bazar, where hundreds of thousands of Rohingya have taken refuge after fleeing what UN officials have called ethnic cleansing in Myanmar's Rakhine state. 'The wild elephant trampled a Rohingya child to death... and then trampled another Bangladeshi man to death when it was chased by Rohingya refugees and local villagers,' Ali Kabir, the district forest department chief, told AFP. The huts were built on forest land after the influx of refugees began nearly six months ago. 'It destroyed some 100 Rohingya huts,' Mohammad Nikaruzzaman, the town administrator, told AFP, adding the lone wild elephant had separated from its herd. Cox's Bazar is home to more than 100 elephants, but the building of massive Rohingya settlements on the last remaining forest land in the region has put humans on a collision course with the wild animals. Since refugees began arriving in August last year, at least 13 people - most of them Rohingya - have been killed by wild elephants, Kabir said. 'All these refugee camps have been built on forest land. And the deaths are occurring in what was formerly forest land,' he added. There are two refugee camps in Cox's Bazar, but land in these settlements has been all but exhausted, with new arrivals clearing trees and other vegetation to build shelters.
967105801629372417	2018-02-23 18:36:05	https://t.co/k7pnlpoe5B	Having children ages women MORE than smoking and obesity https://t.co/k7pnlpoe5B	 Having children ages women's DNA by 11 years, new research suggests. Giving birth shortens women's telomeres by around 4.2 per cent, a study found. Telomeres ‘cap’ the end of DNA strands, with longer lengths being associated with slower aging, longer lifespans and improved overall health. Such an extent of telomere shortening is greater than the effects of smoking or obesity demonstrated in previous studies. Study author Dr Anna Pollack from George Mason University, Virginia, told New Scientist: 'We were surprised to find such a striking result. It is equivalent to around 11 years of accelerated cellular ageing.' Researchers believe this may be due to the stress of raising children, particularly in countries without mandatory maternity leave, such as the US. They stress, however, more research into the link between motherhood and genetic ageing is required, with Dr Pollack adding: 'We’re not saying "don’t have children". Bicarbonate of soda helps women avoid Caesarean-sections, research suggested in January 2017. When dissolved in water, the kitchen staple enables between 17 and 20 per cent of women having slow or difficult labours to give birth naturally, without harming their babies, a study found. Speaking on the BBC's Today show, study author Professor Susan Wray from the University of Liverpool explained bicarb neutralises acids in the uterus, which increases women's likelihood of giving birth vaginally. The bicarbonate used is the standard type available in supermarkets. Around one-in-four births in the UK and one-in-three in the US are carried out via c-section. Although usually safe, the procedure can cause blood clots, excessive bleeding and womb infections. The researchers, which included scientists from the Karolinska Institute in Sweden, analysed 200 women who had difficult or slow labours. Some of the women then drank water containing bicarbonate of soda. One hour later, they were given the hormone oxytocin, which is the standard-of-care during slow deliveries and causes the uterus to contract. Those not given bicarb were administered oxytocin immediately. The researchers believe consuming bicarb is a simple, cost-effective way to improve the wellbeing of mothers during labour all over the world. How the research was carried out The researchers from George Mason University, Virginia, analysed 1,505 women aged between 20 and 44 who took part in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey between 1999 and 2002. Of which, 444 had never given birth. This survey was chosen because it measured its participants' telomere lengths via blood samples. The study's participants' live birth histories were determined via a questionnaire. The findings were published in the journal Human Reproduction. 'It’s like adding three more drops to a teaspoon' The results contradict a study carried out in Malaysian women, which suggested having more children lengthens telomeres. According to the more recent investigation's researchers, this may be due to the participants in the former study receiving greater social support. Sex slows DNA ageing in women This comes after research released in July last year suggests having sex at least once a week slows aging in women, even if they do not enjoy being intimate. Being active between the sheets increases the length of women's telomeres, a study found. Women's telomeres lengthen with regular love making regardless of whether they are sexually satisfied in their relationship, the research adds. Researchers from the University of California in San Francisco believe sex may aid aging in women by dampening stress and boosting their immune systems. 
967099917067005953	2018-02-23 18:12:42	https://t.co/HugPHsRjW5	Monkeys are more likely to prefer brands that are associated with sexual images and power, research shows https://t.co/HugPHsRjW5	 Humans aren't the only animals that are more likely to buy a product if it's shown with a sexy model. Monkeys are prone to this habit, too. New research has proven that our tendency to link certain brands with factors like luxury or sex isn't a unique trait. According to new research published in Plos One, scientists tested whether or not monkeys could make these same associations. The report explained: 'Like humans, monkeys value information about sex and status, inviting the hypothesis that our susceptibility to these factors in advertising arises from shared, ancestral biological mechanisms that prioritize social information.' Study author M. Yavuz Acik told Gizmodo: 'We know how social rewards can be processed differently compared to primary rewards like food or water.' To test their theory, the researchers studied whether or not a specific monkey species, the rhesus macaques, would respond like humans do to adverts. They tested ten adult monkeys using touch screen computers; the monkeys were trained to use touchscreens prior to the experiment. Images of a dominant male monkey face, a subordinate male monkey face and a female monkey's hindquarters were paired with particular brands. Additionally, scrambled images were paired with other brands. The monkeys then had to choose between the brands paired with the scrambled images and the brands paired with images of a dominant face, a subordinate face and female hindquarters. Among the brands used for the experiment were Domino's Pizza, Pizza Hut, Adidas and Nike. 'Three sets of stimuli containing images of monkeys from the colony were used as models in an advertising campaign in which social images (female hindquarters, dominant male faces, and subordinate male faces) or their corresponding control images were paired with brand logos to form advertising categories,' the report explained. The experiment proved to researchers that monkeys' brains do create correlations similar to the ones humans use to categorize brands. 'Our goal in this study was to explore whether rhesus macaques show choice behavior that is similar to humans in response to sex and social status in a pseudo-advertising campaign,' the report said. Researchers have long thought that being able to recognize faces is innate in humans and other primates, and that something in our brains just knows how to do this from birth. But a new brain imaging study suggests otherwise - macaques need to have been exposed to faces from a young age to be able to recognize faces. To better understand the basis for facial recognition, Harvard Medical School researchers raised two groups of macaques. The first one, the control group, had a typical upbringing, spending time in early infancy with their mothers and then with other juvenile macaques and human handlers. The other groups of macaques grew up raised by humans who bottle-fed them, played with and cuddles them - while the humans worse welding masks. This group of macaques didn't see a face for the first year of their lives - human or otherwise. After they were raised in this way, both groups of macaques were put in social groups with fellow macaques and allowed to see both human and primate faces. When both groups of macaques were 200 days old, the researchers used functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) to look at brain images measuring the presence of facial recognition patches and other specialized areas, including those responsible for recognizing hands, objects, scenes and bodies. The macaques who were raised seeing faces had consistent 'recognition' areas in their brains for each of the categories, but those who grew up never seeing faces had developed areas of the brain associated with all categories except faces. 
967092856191111168	2018-02-23 17:44:39	https://t.co/OHdZoP30Nl	Dietary guidelines for children with cancer should be changed so they can eat fruit, urge researchers https://t.co/OHdZoP30Nl	 Dietary guidelines for cancer-stricken children who are undergoing chemotherapy should be changed, according to researchers. The gruelling treatment places stress on their immune system and they are often advised to undertake a neutropenic diet - one where they avoid uncooked food to minimise exposure to germs. Strawberries are considered to be especially risky because of their pitted surface which provide the perfect spot for bacteria to lurk. However, the latest research from York University has found that attempting to sterilise food does not help prevent infection - and harms children's quality of life. The scientists are now calling for a switch in emphasis to focus on making food safe rather than sterile. Dr Bob Phillips was the lead author in the research printed in the journal Paediatric Blood and Cancer. He said: 'We suggest that dietary guidelines for child cancer patients should contain advice on avoiding foods that are high risk for food poisoning – much like existing guidelines for pregnant women. 'Our review shows that supporting nutrition for children with cancer is important, but that the neutropenic diet offers children less nutrients, reduces their quality of life by making food tasteless and does not reduce infections.' The diet, often recommended for children undergoing chemotherapy, tries to eliminate the consumption of raw food. This is because their immune system is weakened by the treatment, and in a bid to reduce germs, food is cooked or sterilised. The diet became popular in the 1970s when doctors began recommending boiling, cooking or zapping food for ill children. It advises that cancer-stricken children should avoid fresh fruit and vegetables, alongside partially cooked foods such as poached or soft boiled eggs. Similarly, all dairy products should be pasteurised and children should avoid nuts. He added that the changes would be key to cancer-stricken children. Dr Phillips said: 'Our recommendations would make a small, but important difference to the lives of children with cancer by allowing them to eat a more normal diet.' The neutropenic diet became popular in the 1970s when health professionals began to recommend boiling, zapping and cooking food for children with cancer to kill any bacteria on it. Under the diet, children are advised not to eat raw or partially raw foods, such as poached of soft-boiled eggs. It is still widely recommended across Europe and by some health services in the UK. Children generally have much stronger doses of chemotherapy than adults could withstand, and often do not have surgery as part of their treatment like older people would. Side effects of the treatment is different for every child, but perhaps the most frequent is fatigue due to the toll chemotherapy takes on their bodies. Chemo can also cause temporary nerve damage in children, which can manifest as shooting pains or tingling, alongside hair loss which can be particularly upsetting to youngsters. Another unpleasant side effect is mouth sores, which can become painful during treatment as they can sometimes bleed. There are about 25 major types of cancer that affect children, with the most common being the blood cancer leukaemia.
967089760392138755	2018-02-23 17:32:21	https://t.co/HaNlarSipR	The four remedies that will banish your winter runny nose - and they're all backed by sciencehttps://t.co/HaNlarSipR	 One of the common cold's most irritating effects is the toll it takes on your sinuses, in particular when it leaves you with a streaming nose. Fortunately, there are a few methods - proven by science - which will help you to leave the tissues at home. 1. Make a cup of tea or coffee Drinking a warm beverage can help relieve a runny nose, and provide comfort for other cold symptoms such as a sore throat. One 2008 study in Rhinology discovered that a hot drink brought immediate relief to a variety of cold symptoms, while a drink at room temperature only soothed sneezing, a runny nose and and coughing. The research also found that although people with cold and flu felt they had better airflow after a hot drink, despite the fact that their airflow was not actually improved. 2. Use steam to clear the nasal passage Steam can help thin out mucus which can leave us feeling uncomfortable and constantly needing to blow our nose. Placing your head above a steaming bowl of water can help ease symptoms of the common cold. The Journal of Dental and Medical Sciences published a 2016 study that found participants who used steam to treat the common cold had 'faster relief of symptoms'. Neti pots are objects that look similar to a small teapot, and are used to rinse out the nasal passage. Users can tilt their heads and pour water carefully into one nostril, and the liquid will pass out of the other one, effectively flushing the nose out. A 2016 Cochrane review found that irrigating a nose with a saline solution had beneficial effects, and uncommon side effects. 4. Eat curry Although generally considered a cure for a blocked or congested nose, eating a spicy meal can help with a streaming nose - although it might make it worse first. If you don't like spicy food another option can be capsaicin nasal sprays, which contain the same chemical that makes chilli hot. One 2016 review in Current Allergy and Asthma Reports claims that although the substance can cause irritation, symptoms improve afterwards. A 2015 Cochrane review found that capsaicin helped with the overall effects of a cold. 
967087654629232640	2018-02-23 17:23:59	https://t.co/s1ToEip6G0	Rooms with NO view! Aggrieved hotel guests share photos of their less-than-pleasing vistashttps://t.co/s1ToEip6G0	 From brick walls, to grimy skips and building sites, aggrieved hotel guests have shared some of the not-so-delightful views from their bedroom windows. Eduardo M from Chile said he was thoroughly disappointed after checking into Orchard Garden Hotel in San Francisco. Instead of the sweeping city view he was hoping for, he wrote on TripAdvisor: 'I was given room 305, and when we entered the room we saw this horrible brick wall facing our only window.' Meanwhile, MailOnline Travel was equally disappointed by the view at Heathrow's Radisson hotel. The vista was a grimy-looking skip looming outside the window. Scroll down to see other hotel window eyesores...
967083422337380352	2018-02-23 17:07:10	https://t.co/J6LfB8cWMB	The benefits of being a pessimist: Expecting the worst can make you focus on the outcome of a goal, claims scientist https://t.co/J6LfB8cWMB	 Positive thinking has long been hailed as a route to success, health and happiness. But scientists claim that pessimism rather than optimism may be better at helping some people achieve their goals. In an article for the Conversation, Fuschia Sirois, a researcher in health psychology at the University of Sheffield, explains how a particular type of pessimism, called 'defensive pessimism' gives people the leading edge. How many times have you been told that something great will happen as long as you believe it is possible? From pop psychology books to self-improvement seminars and blogs, there's a lot of hype surrounding the advantages of positive thinking. And there's certainly some evidence behind it – a large body of work suggests that being optimistic reaps a number of positive rewards, including better health and wellbeing. But what about the people who tend to see the glass as half empty rather than half full? Is being pessimistic always such a bad thing? Actually, the latest research suggests that some forms of pessimism may have benefits. Pessimism isn't just about negative thinking. Personality science has revealed it also includes a focus on outcomes – that is what you expect will happen in the future. While optimists expect positive outcomes will happen more often than not, pessimists expect negative outcomes are more likely. There is a particular type of pessimist, the 'defensive pessimist', who takes this negative thinking to a whole new level and actually harnesses it as a means for reaching their goals. Research has shown that this way of thinking can not only help them succeed, but also bring some rather unexpected rewards. However, the other main form of pessimism, which involves simply blaming oneself for negative outcomes, has less positive effects. Performance and confidence But how does defensive pessimism actually work and what benefits can you expect to get out of it? Researchers suggest that defensive pessimism is a strategy that people who are anxious use to help them manage their anxiety, which might otherwise make them want to run in the opposite direction of their goal rather than pursue it. The crucial factor is setting low expectations for the outcome of a particular plan or situation – like expecting that you won't get hired after a job interview – and then envisioning the details of everything that might possibly go wrong to make these worst-case scenarios a reality. This gives the defensive pessimist a plan of action to ensure that any imagined mishaps won't actually happen – such as practising for the interview and getting there early. The benefits of defensive pessimism also extends to actual performance. One study shows that this has everything to do with negative mood. When prompted to be in a good mood, defensive pessimists performed poorly on a series of word puzzles. However, when they were put in bad mood, by being instructed to imagine how a scenario might have negative outcomes, they performed significantly better. This suggests that they harness their negative mood to motivate themselves to perform better. Pessimism can also be more beneficial than optimism in situations where you are waiting for news about an outcome and there is no opportunity to influence the outcome (such as waiting for the results of a job interview). When the outcome is not as good as optimists had hoped for, they take a bigger hit to their wellbeing and experience greater disappointment and negative mood than do your garden-variety pessimists. Strangely, this type of pessimism can even help boost confidence. Defensive pessimism is a strategy used by anxious people to help them manage their anxiety so they can work productively. They lower their expectations to help them prepare themselves for the worst, then they imagines all the bad things that might happen. This can help anxious people focus away from their emotions so that they can plan and act effectively. By contrast, strategic optimism is typically used by people who aren't anxious. People using this strategy set high expectations, and then actively avoid thinking much about what might happen. Both of these strategies do quite well, but both are also vulnerable to situations that don't accommodate their strategies. If defensive pessimists try to raise their expectations, or avoid playing through a worse-case scenario, their anxiety increases and their performance suffers. And if strategic optimists set lower expectations or play through the worst possible outcomes, their anxiety increases and performance decreases. People can use different strategies in different situations, and not everyone is either a defensive pessimist or a strategic optimist. Source: Wellesley College In one study that followed students throughout their university years, those who were defensive pessimists experienced significantly higher levels of self-esteem compared to other anxious students. In fact, their self-esteem rose to almost the levels of the optimists over the four years of the study. This may be due to increases in the defensive pessimists' confidence to anticipate and successfully avoid the negative outcomes they imagined. Health The defensive pessimist's strategy of being prepared to prevent negative outcomes can also have some very real health benefits. Although these individuals will worry more about getting ill during an outbreak of an infectious disease compared to optimists, they are also more likely to take preventive action. For example, they might frequently wash their hands and seek medical care promptly when they experience any unusual symptoms. When pessimists become chronically ill, their negative view of the future may be more realistic and encourage the sort of behaviours that healthcare professionals recommend for managing their illness. I conducted a study with two groups of people – those with either inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) or arthritis – and asked them to rate their future health on a simple scale ranging from poor to excellent. Because both arthritis and IBD are long-term health conditions that often worsen over time you wouldn't expect people to think their health would improve that much in the future. However, those who were optimists still rated their health as improving in the future, whereas the pessimists saw their health as getting worse in the future. Taking this view may lead pessimists to engage in the types of coping strategies necessary to manage symptoms such as pain. Having said that, this benefit may be best realised when there is at least some optimism that such strategies will actually work. The key difference that separates defensive pessimists from other individuals who think negatively – such as those who are simply anxious or depressed – is the way they cope. Whereas people tend to use avoidance to cope with anticipated problems when they are feeling anxious or depressed, defensive pessimists use their negative expectations to motivate them to take active steps to feel prepared and be more in control over outcomes. So being a pessimist isn't necessarily bad – though you may irritate others. Ultimately, it's what you do with that pessimism that matters. Are you a defensive pessimist? Answer these questions to find out. 
967078537520996354	2018-02-23 16:47:45	https://t.co/HEuVRxijbn	Rumbling sounds produced by moving magma could hint at the next explosive volcano eruptions https://t.co/HEuVRxijbn	 Catastrophic eruptions of super volcanoes that threaten to wipe out life on Earth could be predicted in the future, a new study suggests. Experts have been monitoring rumbling sounds produced by moving magma. They believe these sounds could help them develop more effective forecasting system for some of the world's most dangerous areas of tectonic activity, including Yellowstone. If it were to blow, the supervolcano at the US national park would be one thousand times as powerful as the 1980 Mount St Helens eruption, experts say. Scroll down for video Researchers from Stanford and Boise State University tracked infrasound detected by monitoring stations on the slopes of the Villarrica volcano in southern Chile, one of the most active in the world. These noises, which have frequencies below the lower limit of human audibility, come from the turbulent lake of lava inside a crater at the volcano's peak and change depending on its activity. The team found that changes in this volcanic sound signalled a sudden rise in the lava lake level just ahead of a major eruption that took place in 2015. It was accompanied by rapid up-and-down motions of the surging lake near the crater's rim. Tracking infrasound in real-time and combining it with other information, including seismic readings and gas emissions, could help to alert people to when the volcano is about to blow. The researchers, however, have yet to determine exactly how much of a warning monitoring a volcano in this way would provide. 'Our results point to how infrasound could aid in forecasting volcanic eruptions,' said study co-author Leighton Watson, a graduate student at Stanford co-author of the study. According to Eric Dunham, an associate professor of Stanford University's School of Earth, energy and Environmental Sciences, 'Volcanoes are complicated and there is currently no universally applicable means of predicting eruption. In all likelihood, there never will be.' However, there are indicators of increased volcanic activity, which researchers can use to help predict volcanic eruptions. Researchers can track indicators such as: Source: United States Geological Survey 'Infrasound is potentially a key piece of information available to volcanologists to gauge the likelihood of an eruption hours or days ahead.' For the study, researchers studied the snow-capped Villarica mountain volcano, which has an altitude of 9,300 feet (2,834 metres). The volcano looms over a lake and lies across from the city of Pucón, whose population increases to a quarter of a million people in the summer tourist season. At night, residents of Pucón can often see a scarlet glow from Villarica's lava lake, normally hidden well below the volcano's rim. After a 35-year period since the volcano's last eruption, the volcano erupted again on March 3, 2015. A 'fountain' of lava erupted from the mountaintop nearly a mile (1.6 km) into the sky, spewing ash and debris and triggering bolts of lightning from the thick heat-generated clouds enveloping the summit. Around 4,000 people evacuated the area, but they were soon able to return to their homes as the risks of mudslides and flooding from melted snow was minimal. Co-author of the study Jose Palma set-up and maintained monitoring stations at the volcano just two months before the eruption, which captured its before-and-after sound activity. Studying this data researchers saw that, in the build-up to the eruption, the pitch of the infrasound increased while the duration of the signal decreased. Aircraft flyovers documented the changes in Villarica's lava lake, allowing researchers to explore connections between its height and the sound generation. According to Watson, this relationship can be explained via a musical analogy. Similar to a person blowing into a trombone, explosions from gas bubbles rising and then bursting at the surface of the lava lake create sound waves. Just as how the shape of a trombone can change the pitch of the notes it produces, the geometry of the crater that holds the lava lake modifies its sounds. For example, when the lava lake is deep down in the volcano's crater, the sound registers at a lower pitch or frequency - 'just like when a trombone is extended,' said Watson. When the lava lake rises up in the crater, a sign of a potential eruption, the pitch or frequency of the sounds increased, 'just like when the trombone is retracted,' said Watson. According to the research team, future research will try to tie infrasound generation to other critical variables in volcano monitoring and eruption forecasting, such as seismicity. Ahead of an eruption, seismic activity in the form of small earthquakes and tremors almost always increases. This seismic activity come from several miles undergound as magma moves through the volcano's 'plumbing system' of fractures and conduits that connect the volcano's opening the magma chambers in our planet's crust. Volcanologists think that changes in lava lake levels, and their associated infrasound, result from the injection of new magma through volcanic plumbing, increasing the odds of a violent outburst. In light of this, the researchers say that the collection of infrasound should prove beneficial for forecasting events at 'open vent' volcanoes such as Villarica, where an exposed lake or channels of lava connect to the inside of the volcano to the atmosphere. By contrast, closed vent volcanoes, where the pooling magma remains trapped under rock until an explosive eruption occurs, do not generate the same type of infrasound and pose additional forecasting challenges. For example Mount St Helens in Washington state is a close vent volcano whose eruption in 1980 is recorded as one of the most lethal and destructive eruptions in the US. 'Volcanoes are complicated and there is currently no universally applicable means of predicting eruptions,' Dunham said. 'In all likelihood, there never will be. 'Instead, we can look to the many indicators of increased volcanic activity, like seismicity, gas emissions, ground deformation, and – as we further demonstrated in this study – infrasound, in order to make robust forecasts of eruptions.' The full findings of the study were published in the journal Geophysical Research Letters. 
967071252816023552	2018-02-23 16:18:48	https://t.co/TAUpcs1ezj	Nissan takes on Uber with the launch of a self-driving taxi trial in Japan next week https://t.co/TAUpcs1ezj	 Nissan's self-driving taxi service is ready for its first passengers. The firm will begin testing the service, dubbed 'Easy Ride', in Japan next week ahead of launching it commercially in 2020. Working alongside Tokyo-based mobile developer DeNA, the service will ferry passengers around a 2.8 mile stretch of Yokohama. Nissan has admitted the technology is not perfect and the cars would crash without occasional human intervention. However, the latest development is a challenge to ride-hailing companies such as Uber who are hoping to develop their own driverless taxi service. Three hundred people have signed up to try out Easy Ride in order to fine-tune what Nissan is calling a 'robo-vehicle mobility service' app. The service was developed in a partnership, which began last year, with Japanese mobile game provider DeNA. DeNA has been working on driverless bus and delivery services in Japan. For now, the semi autonomous cars will be limited to a fixed route which includes going through a shopping mall area in this Japanese port city. 'I think the potential is quite large in the long term, especially in large cities such as Tokyo or Boston, where there is a need for point-to-point transit but little incentive to own cars,' said Nicholas Evans, an assistant professor at University of Massachusetts Lowell. For Easy Ride, users first download a special app on their cellphones. The app is only in Japanese, but there are plans to offer it in several languages for tourists and other travellers. After logging on, voice recognition is used to set a destination, and the date and time for when the ride picks you up at one of four possible spots in Yokohama. Once in the back seat of the vehicle, a display shows your route on a digital map. It also recommends events such as concerts, historical landmarks, restaurants and other places to visit, which pop up as photos and text on the display. The service also includes coupons that can be downloaded and used at those spots. Like other autonomous technology, the Easy Ride vehicle is packed with cameras, sensors and radars to recognise pedestrians, intersections, traffic lights and other vehicles. Although it is capable of driving itself, Japanese law doesn't allow for completely self-driving cars so a member of Nissan staff will be in the drivers seat at all times. Nissan has already confessed that the system isn't perfect and humans have and will continue to be needed to step in to avoid a crash. Level Zero - The full-time performance by the human driver of all aspects of the dynamic driving task, even when enhanced by warning or intervention systems. Level One – A small amount of control is accomplished by the system such as adaptive braking if a car gets too close. Level Two – The system can control the speed and direction of the car allowing the driver to take their hands off temporarily, but they have to monitor the road at all times and be ready to take over. Level Three – The driver does not have to monitor the system at all times in some specific cases like on high ways but must be ready to resume control if the system requests. Level Four – The system can cope will all situations automatically within defined use but it may not be able to cope will all weather or road conditions. System will rely on high definition mapping. Level Five – Full automation. System can cope with all weather, traffic and lighting conditions. It can go anywhere, at any time in any conditions. Several companies, including Google's Waymo and Tesla's Autopilot are also developing autonomous vehicle technology. Outside of the American tech companies, just about all the major automakers, including Mercedes and Toyota, are developing self-driving cars. Uber has tried to roll out its own self-driving taxi in the US. In November, the company struck a deal to buy up to 24,000 autonomous cars from Volvo. Nissan has been one of the leaders and advocates for driverless cars in the industry. Although opinion is divided on the projection that as many as 10 million driverless cars will be on roads by 2020, everyone agrees the technology is going to grow. Professor Evans cautioned: 'In introducing technology, all it takes is for a couple of high-profile accidents for consumers to turn against manufacturers. 'It's in the self-interest of manufacturers for rigorous testing and public input on this new kind of technology,' said Evans, who studies the ethical dilemmas posed by emerging technologies such as drones and self-driving vehicles. Easy Ride is still experimental, but future uses Nissan envisions include parents using it to pick up their children and tourists using it to easily find their way around. Some glitches remain. In a recent demonstration for reporters, the app had problems launching because of a poor net connection at Nissan headquarters. When a reporter said, 'I want to eat a burger,' it successfully recommended several nearby joints. But it was not able to find the nearest New Balance store, or any other place to buy sneakers. 
967066427177005057	2018-02-23 15:59:38	https://t.co/fAXyiDDdiO	Meet the pampered pets who get carted around in bags and BABY HARNESSES https://t.co/fAXyiDDdiO	 There's no getting dirty paws for these pampered pets. Their owners have taken animal care to new heights, having rolled out chauffeur services that see them transported in bags. In photos shared to Imgur, dozens of critters are captured being carted around so they can sit back and enjoy the ride. One image shows a dog fastened into a baby harness-like contraption on the back of its owner, while another shows a cat in a rucksack complete with a plastic viewing window so it can watch the world go by. Taking things up a gear, one little canine is seen being ferried around in the sidecar of a motorbike. And one adult rottweiler takes on its owner's role, wearing a sling with its young puppy strapped in.
967061759797415936	2018-02-23 15:41:05	https://t.co/LjgR3Jiq9r	Catalan police officers remove protesters who have CHAINED themselves to the Superior Court of Justice https://t.co/LjgR3Jiq9r	 This is the moment forcibly removed two protesters who had chained themselves to the entrance of a court in Barcelona. The men were part of a protest called by the 'Commitees in defence of the Republic' to block the TSJC (Superior Court of Justice of Catalonia) on Friday. But Catalan Mossos d'Esquadra officers were pictured carrying the men away by force and clashing with other protesters at the scene. They were protesting the jailing of Catalan politicians and activists who are facing an investigation because of the Catalonia region's push for independence last year. Their supporters claim they are political prisoners - a charge which the national government in Madrid has vigorously denied, labelling them 'politicians in prison.' Former regional Vice President Oriol Junqueras, and activists Jordi Sanchez and Jordi Cuixart face possible sedition charges. Junqueras is also investigated for alleged rebellion and embezzlement, punishable with decades in prison. On Monday, a Supreme Court judge set bail for Marta Rovira, the Secretary General of the Left republican ERC party. She was questioned by an investigating magistrate for her role in the October defiance that triggered Spain's severest political crisis in decades. Fellow politician Marta Pascal, the leader of the conservative PDeCAT party, was also questioned on Monday. Judicial police have identified Rovira and Pascal as key players in the staging of a banned independence referendum and the declaration of secession Catalan lawmakers made based on its results. Both told the judge Monday that the October 27 independence had symbolic value, but no legal effect, according to witnesses of Monday's court proceedings. More than two dozen people, including politicians, elected lawmakers, and the regional police chief, are also under investigation for possible rebellion, sedition or misuse of public funds. In Spain, a judge can keep suspects in custody before deciding if they should be formally charged at the end of an investigation. Four suspects, including former regional Vice President Oriol Junqueras, remain in custody. Five former Catalan Cabinet members, headed by ex-regional President Carles Puigdemont, evaded court summons by moving to Belgium. 
967056738775117825	2018-02-23 15:21:08	https://t.co/sTvbKwv5Zc	Amazing time-lapse footage shows houseboat made out of scrap wood sailing from Hamburg to Paris https://t.co/sTvbKwv5Zc	 Armed with a hammer, bundles of scrap wood and some sharp DIY skills, one man has told how he went about building his own houseboat before sailing it from Hamburg to Paris. Photographs and a time-lapse video show how Claudius Schulze, 33, from Hamburg, Germany, knocked his waterborne home together out of recycled materials and sailed it hundreds of miles to Paris. In one scene the quirky boat - which cost £6,500 to build in total - is seen being taken 124 feet in the air on a ship lift and in another clip it enters a canal lock as water gushes through sluices. The timelapse video continues, with the houseboat sailing through a range of scenery, from sweeping countryside to more urban areas. On the design front, Schulze decked the boat out with large glass windows and an outside deck complete with a hammock, disco ball and a soap bubble machine. He also crafted a large dining area for entertaining guests, along with a place to sleep and a lounge to relax in. Photographs show the houseboat in its various design stages. After the basic shell was put together on dry land, the final stages of the build was completed on the water. Schulze, who works as a photographer, built his 'Eroberung des Unwahrscheinlichen', or 'Conquest of the Improbable', as a floating studio space. He then decided to sail it to Paris after being invited by the Hamburg Phototrinnial to be its ambassador at a photo fair there and in Amsterdam. In a bid to get there on time, he fitted the boat with an off-the-shelf outboard engine and embarked on a Tour-de-Europe via rivers, canals, and backwaters. 'Anyone can build a boat,' he claimed. 'The boat was built from scratch in Hamburg. It's a catamaran with floaters we built ourselves. 'Salvaged material was used wherever possible, for example all the outside walls are built from scrap wood from the demolition of an old farm barn and all windows are obviously recycled as is the wood decking. 'Initially I wanted to also recycle wood for the inside construction but as most wood in construction was treated with heavily poisonous chemicals up to the late 90s, it proved impossible to find old wood with a provenance that guaranteed safe handling. 'The boat uses photovoltaic power. There are solar panels installed on the roof. Water is filtrated from the water the boat floats in and the toilet is a dry compost toilet.' With no prior boat-building experience, the project seemed far-fetched when he began with the construction in March 2016, but with the clever use of recycled material and the help of skilled friends, six months and more than £6,500 later his vessel was shipshape. As Schulze's photographic work focuses on the state of nature and the societal changes caused by climate change and digitalisation, he sees the boat as a practical exploration of the topic, a space where he develops and tests new concepts and ideas that will eventually re-surface in his artistic work, he explains. Schulze would like to see more affordable spaces in Hamburg’s harbour to offer room for the city’s creative potential to unfold. 'What’s the point if an artist has a place to live but can’t afford a studio? Hamburg shouldn’t only be a residential city,' he added. When he's travelling, Schulze says he sleeps on the boat and it is fully equipped with a kitchen and a large bed and a sleeping couch. He explained: 'At home, the boat serves as my laboratory and artist studio where I work in day time. 'I built the boat while working on my work State of Nature [project], about climate change, natural disasters and the extent to which landscape is changed to protect against them.' The boat Conquest of the Improbable is about the same themes: exploring alternative urbanity and radical sustainability in the age of global change. Schulze concluded: 'While my photography is built on extensive research and very concise in its execution and visuality, I follow a much more experimental approach with the boat. For me it is a laboratory to try out ideas and concepts but also the space I work in to develop and research my photography projects.'
967054657330864128	2018-02-23 15:12:51	https://t.co/TafSIt4wLE	Cristiano Ronaldo’s net worth revealed https://t.co/TafSIt4wLE	 One of the most recognizable and successful professional athletes on the planet, Cristiano Ronaldo also boasts a net worth that goes hand-in-hand with his career success. Widely seen as one of the best soccer players of all time, Ronaldo has broken records on both an individual and team level. Even today, he shows no signs of slowing down anytime soon. But just who is Cristiano Ronaldo? What is his net worth? Here’s everything you need to know about who Cristiano Ronaldo is, his age, net worth, how he makes his money and who his family is. Cristiano Ronaldo is a Portuguese soccer player who currently plays for the Spanish club Real Madrid as well as the Portuguese national team. Alongside Lionel Messi, he’s widely seen as the best soccer player in the world today. Ronaldo was born on February 5, 1985 in Funchal, Madeira, Portugal. He was a natural athlete in his youth and signed with Sporting CP at just 12 years old. He gave up his education at age 14 to begin playing semi-professionally, but a racing heart condition almost forced him to give up playing soccer. After undergoing surgery, he continued his training and made his Primeira Liga debut in 2002. His talent soon came to the attention of Manchester United, who signed him for a record transfer fee in 2003 when he was just 16 years old. Ronaldo immediately made a huge impact with Manchester United, helping the famed club win a FIFA Club World Cup, a UEFA Champions League title and three Premier League titles. He then signed with Real Madrid in 2009 and continued his phenomenal success there, helping the club win 14 trophies, including three FIFA World Club Cups, two UEFA Super Cups and three Champions League titles. He has also served as captain of the Portuguese national soccer team since 2006, most recently leading the team to an appearance at the 2014 World Cup. Ronaldo also claims five Ballon d’Or awards and four European Golden Shoes. He also reigns as the all-time leading scorer for both Real Madrid and the Portuguese national team. Cristiano Ronaldo is 33 years old. He was born on February 5, 1985. According to Celebrity Net Worth, Ronaldo’s net worth is valued at approximately $400 million (£285.8 million). His current salary is about $57 million (£40.7 million). Ronaldo draw the bulk of his wealth from his professional soccer contracts. He signed a record $12.2 million (£8.7 million) contract for one year to play for Manchester United in 2003 before signing a $31 million (£22.1 million) extension in 2007. In 2009, he made international news after signing with Real Madrid for a record $150 million (£107.2 million) contract. Like many professional athletes around the world, Ronaldo also earns millions from various endorsement and sponsorship deals, specifically with Nike, Tag Heuer and Herbalife among others. According to Forbes, Ronaldo ranks as the world’s highest paid soccer player with $93 million (£66.4 million) in earnings in 2017. His perceived career rival, Lionel Messi, ranks as second with about $80 million (£57.1 million) in earnings. Although Ronaldo isn’t married, he’s currently dating Spanish model and dancer Georgia Rodriguez. The two began dating in late 2016. Ronaldo and Rodriguez have one daughter, Alana Martinez, born on November 12, 2017. Ronaldo also has one son, Cristiano Ronaldo, Jr., born on June 17, 2010 in San Diego to an American woman who has chosen to remain anonymous. He also has twins, Mateo and Eva Maria, born on June 8, 2017 to an anonymous surrogate mother in California.
967052389671981056	2018-02-23 15:03:51	https://t.co/FTxxLVAHob	Russian talk show host brawls with his Ukrainian expert guest live on TV https://t.co/FTxxLVAHob	 This is the shocking moment the host of a TV talk show fought a guest speaker during a heated debate. The fight happened during a discussion on the War in Donbass, Ukraine, on the Mesto Vstrechi (Meeting Point) show on Russia's NTV channel. Ukrainian expert Dmitriy Suvorov and host Andrey Norkin battled it out after an emotional conversation. Suvorov became upset after another guest claimed many children were dying in the region. The pair ended up shouting at each other and Suvorov started yelling: 'You b******! Show the photos!' Norkin suddenly decided to intervene and walked over to Suvorov and grabbed hold of him. Suvorov jumped to his feet, whipped off his glasses and angrily pushed Norkin away as the host jumped on a barrier to fight back. Members of the show's crew and other guests tried to separate the pair and the studio floor descended into chaos. Norkin is apparently knocked to the floor at one point while a woman, who had been sitting next to Suvorov and holding a microphone so he could be heard, is also sent flying. Norkin's co-host, Olga Belova, defended her colleague and said that Suvorov had been acting in a 'boorish' manner. She said: 'There couldn't have been any other outcome. Unfortunately I'm a woman, so I couldn't hit him.' The footage of the confrontation proved an instant online hit - attracting more than 150,000 views in less than 24 hours. Netizen 'Vasiliy Bushnev' said: 'Russian TV got flooded by moronic TV hosts', while 'Kung fury' commented: 'F*cking clowns. The things they are ready to do for TV ratings.' And another online commentator, going under the name of '3', noted: 'Both of them are adult men, but they still don't know how to fight.' The War in Donbass is an armed conflict between government forces and pro-Russian separatists in the Donbass region of Ukraine.
967047869005025280	2018-02-23 14:45:53	https://t.co/3SCeZuI5ee	Two people are shot dead outside a bank in Zurich https://t.co/3SCeZuI5ee https://t.co/9O2Q6Ac1lv	 Two people have been found dead outside a UBS bank in the Swiss city of Zurich amid witness claims that a man shot his partner before turning a gun on himself. Officers descended on the branch in Lagerstrasse amid reports of a shooting near the Swiss financial capital's main train station shortly after 2.30pm. Pictures have emerged of what appear to be two bodies lying on the ground outside a branch of UBS in the Europaallee area. According to the Swiss news website Blick, witnesses reported that the two dead were a man and a woman who had been seen rowing. The man reportedly then opened fire on the woman before turning the gun on himself, one witness said. A pistol could be seen close to the hand of one of the bodies, according to local media. The exact circumstances behind the shootings are not yet clear, but police described it as a 'violent crime' and that there is no indication it was linked to terrorism. Emergency crews found one person dead and a second with serious injuries, who subsequently died. Eyewitnesses reported hearing about five shots before as many as 15 police vehicles descended on the scene. Ambulances left the scene without their blue lights flashing and tents were quickly erected around the scene of the incident. Police said the situation was now under control and there was no danger to the public. 
967046162296508417	2018-02-23 14:39:06	https://t.co/ON3Np1vdiE	Boy survives after a 5-inch knitting needle pierced through his THROAT and poked into his SKULL https://t.co/ON3Np1vdiE	 A young boy who was impaled by a knitting needle in the throat has been saved by doctors in China. The six-year-old was playing at his home when he fell onto the sharp metal object, which measuring nearly 14cm (5.5in), according to a local report. The needle speared through his spine and got stuck deep in his throat, according to the hospital. The child, known by the nickname Xiao Yu, was playing with the needle at his home in Bijie on February 13 when the accident happened, reported Guizhou Urban Newspaper. The knitting needle belonged to his grandmother, who was minding him together with his grandfather on the day, said the report. It is claimed that Xiao Yu put the needle into his mouth and started running around. He accidentally fell, causing the metal stick to penetrate his neck. The end of the needle was in his mouth and was driven into the back of his throat by the fall. The boy was taken to the No. 1 Hospital in Bijie, which referred him to the People's Hospital of Guizhou Province. Xiao Yu was taken to the People's Hospital in the provincial capital Guizhou at around 3am on February 14. Yang Xiuhai, a doctor from the hospital, said the boy's life was at risk because the needle had gone into his skull. After a consultation held by doctors from different departments, surgery was arranged at 9am. Doctors were able to remove the needle whole from his mouth by endoscopy, a procedure where the inside of a patient's body is examined. During the surgery, which lasted three hours, doctors also repaired the damaged membrane on Xiao Yu's spinal cord. The boy is said to be recovering in the hospital. He could use his right hand and stand up with the help of his parents as of yesterday, reported Guizhou Urban Newspaper. 
967044271617597440	2018-02-23 14:31:35	https://t.co/n9GQb9VW52	Carnival-goer dressed as the son of God shows off his martial arts moves against attacker in Brazil https://t.co/n9GQb9VW52	 This is the dramatic moment a man dressed as Jesus Christ smacked down an antagonist at a carnival in Brazil. Luis Felipe Andrade Amaral was at the Sao Paulo carnival with friends when a shirtless man started accosting him. The footage shows the man kick and attempt to punch Luis but he fights back and punches the attacker on the chin, making him stumble back. Luis, who admits to having consumed more wine than water, was dressed as Jesus because his friends think he resembles the son of God and he 'thought it would be funny'. The video starts in a crowded Sao Paulo street in the middle of the carnival with Luis trying to squeeze his right foot back into his flip flop. A shirtless man with tattoos down both arms strides into shot with his fists raised. Luis, wearing a long white robe with a red cape and a large crucifix, easily deflects the shirtless man's punches and kicks. He then gives the man a 'come one' gesture as the attacker walks away and jumps onto a kerb to get a height advantage. Luis, a web designer, then punches the shirtless man on the chin. There are screams of excitement from the crowd. The punch knocks the man's sunglasses off his head and clearly dazes him. The man tries to punch Luis but misses and is then pushed by 'Jesus' out of the way. The eager onlookers can be heard letting out fits of laughter as the man falls to the ground. Luis points at him and appears to tell him to stop. The persistent man ignores him and chases Luis down to punch him on the back of the head. To this, Luis turns around and gives the man another stern warning, forcing him to meekly walk away. Luis said: 'I think the feeling was kind of 'oh boy, not again'. I was too drunk otherwise I wouldn't have fought the guy. 'It has two million views and comments from all over the world. I can't stop laughing about all this. 'I was dressed up like Jesus because my friends told me I look like him, mostly because of the hair. I thought it would be funny because I definitely don't act like him.' Captioned 'Don't f*** with Jesus', the clip has been watched 2.7m times since it was posted on February 19. This year's festival in Sao Paulo lasted for 19 days and is associated with lent. Party goers start celebrations on the Friday before Ash Wednesday.
967040172394209281	2018-02-23 14:15:18	https://t.co/xjqwLhjjq7	Lynch mob take selfies as they tie up tribesman before beating him to death for 'stealing' https://t.co/xjqwLhjjq7	 A lynch mob took selfies as they tied up a tribesman accused of stealing before beating him to death in an attack that has sparked outrage in India. Pictures show the frail-looking man, identified as Madhu, with his arms secured around his waist in Attappadi, in the southern Indian state of Kerala. The 30-year-old, a member of local tribal group the Adivasi, was severely beaten with sticks having been accused of theft and later died, according to local media. An image showing a man grinning and posing for a selfie with Madhu standing helplessly behind him has been widely shared in India with a prominent actor condemning the attack as 'mob justice'. A manhunt is now underway for those involved in the murder. Police said a team had descended on the scene having received reports of the incident. They stopped the beating but Madhu died before he could receive hospital treatment. Graphic footage of the incident was aired on Indian television stations and sparked outrage among viewers. The state chief minister Pinarayi Vijayan took to social media to say that 'strict action' would be taken against the attackers. He described the incident as a 'blot' on Kerala's progressive society. Keralan actor Mammooty added: 'Madhu's death is because our system is responsible... a system which has ordered mob justice and a person who attacks another is no human. How can we declare ourselves modern and progressive?' t There were some reports that Madhu suffered from a mental illness. A former worker at a government-run body called the Attappadi Hills Area Development Society said the death was an example of how Indians had treated tribal people abominably. Usha Punathil wrote online of the incident: 'After stealing the land and everything the Adivasis owned, and making legislation for all that, now an Adivasi is beaten to death. 'He had nowhere to go when he was attacked. An Adivasi is killed accused of stealing food, then how should we who have stolen everything from them be killed?' 
967035040478744577	2018-02-23 13:54:54	https://t.co/evAGRJl4r6	Tunisia's famous underground houses are threatened by depopulation https://t.co/evAGRJl4r6	 In the arid valleys of southern Tunisia's Djebel Dahar region, people have lived for centuries in underground houses whose earthen casing provides protection against searing summer heat and winter winds. But in recent decades, rural depopulation has meant fewer people live in the homes, which are composed of rooms hewn into the walls of an excavated circular courtyard. The few remaining families say they are attached to the homes and the land or see no way of moving. The homes are concentrated around Matmata, which lies in a cratered landscape dotted with palm trees and olive groves about 227 miles south of Tunis. They are highly unusual, though similar constructions are found across the border in Libya, to the south-west. In other parts of the Djebel Dahar, houses and storerooms were carved from rock and earth above ground. Many families left the underground houses when new towns and villages were built in the 1960s and 1970s as part of a modernisation drive by President Habib Bourguiba. 
967030203976384512	2018-02-23 13:35:41	https://t.co/4J6gQV9bgN	Little girl poses with an ENORMOUS grizzly bear in Moscow forest https://t.co/4J6gQV9bgN	 Jaw-dropping pictures show an enormous 50-stone grizzly bear cuddling up to children in the forest. Astonishing snaps show the youngsters fearlessly frolicking and posing with the brown beast in Moscow. The tame bear, called Stepan, was adopted by Russian couple Svetlana and Yuriy Panteleenko aged just three months after being discovered by hunters in the forest, having lost his mother. The huge grizzly, who stands taller than seven foot, eats a hefty four stone of fish, vegetables and eggs a day. He has been known to help out around the house - or at least in the garden - by watering the plants. And he likes nothing more than to snuggle up with his adoptive parents to watch television in the evening. Svetlana said: 'When we adopted him, he was only three-months-old and had been found by hunters in the forest having lost his mother. He was in a very bad condition. 'He absolutely loves people and is a really sociable bear - despite what people might think, he is not aggressive at all. We have never been bitten by Stepan. 'He's got so many talents and loves a picnic. It's a wonder he doesn't eat us out of house and home.' Photographer Olga Barantseva, who took the astonishing pictures, said: 'The bear is really friendly. He loves hugging people. He's just like a very big dog. 'Some of the children were scared at first but by the end it was hard to separate them. 'Every kid wants a big teddy bear after all.' 
967019878510194688	2018-02-23 12:54:40	https://t.co/jmLzKhNsRl	Mother breaks down as she is reunited with her homeless son whom she hasn't seen for 10 years https://t.co/jmLzKhNsRl	 This is the heart-rending moment a mother knelt in front of her long-lost son crying after a 10-year separation. The woman, 56, had not seen her son since 2008 when he left their rural home in central China to look for work in southern China. What she didn't know was that she wouldn't be able to see him for the next decade - because he chose to live a homeless life 1,100 kilometres (699 miles) away from home. Her son, now 31 years old, had failed to find any jobs and been too ashamed to go home. So he chose to sleep on the street in Guangdong Province, leaving his worried mother waiting at their home for a decade in Hubei Province. His mother, on the other hand, missed him every day. She couldn't sleep properly and fell ill. The mother finally found her son on February 20 in the city of Dongguan after a group of volunteers informed her about his whereabouts. They took her to his shelter - an abandoned house. According to local volunteer group 'Let Love Go Home', the homeless man is called Wang Yun and his mother is known by the surname Feng. They are originally from Qichun County in Hubei Province. Volunteers first saw Mr Wang on February 17 when they went on the street to hand out dumplings to homeless people to celebrate the Lunar New Year. Mr Wang told the volunteers that he had come to Dongguan to look for work, but he failed to find any proper job after losing his ID card. Mr Wang said he felt he would disappoint his family, so he decided not to return home. Zhang Shiwei, the founder of the volunteer group, said the group's aim is to help connect homeless people and their families. Therefore, volunteers asked Mr Wang about his personal information. Mr Zhang said at first Mr Wang refused to tell the volunteers anything about himself, but volunteers managed to obtain his name and home address after telling him that they would help him find work. With the provided address, the volunteers tracked down the chief of Mr Wang's village who then informed his family. Mr Zhang explained: 'At first his father didn't believe us. He thought his son had died. 'He has a cousin who has university education. We sent a lot of videos of [Wang Yun] to her. It was her who convinced [Wang Yun's father] that we had indeed found him.' Mr Wang's father is said to be too ill to travel, but his mother immediately went to Shenzhen to see the son she had missed daily for 10 years. Upon seeing her son, Ms Feng immediately knelt in front of him while grabbing on to his legs crying out loud. Many volunteers were also moved by the scene and became teary. Ms Feng kept saying: 'Why didn't you come home? You have no idea how I lived through the 10 years.' Mr Zhang said Mr Wang also burst into tears after seeing his mother weeping. He said he would go home with her and try to make up for the time he had been away from the family. Mr Wang said he would try his best to help his parent run their family business. According to Mr Zhang, Mr Wang belonged to a growing group of migrants in China who choose to be homeless after failing to find their dream job in the city. Such social phenomenon is particularly common in Guangdong which has a large manufacturing industry. As China's economic growth slows down, it's becoming harder to find low-tier jobs; and too proud to tell their family the truth, these migrants become stuck in big cities. 'There is a huge wealth gap in China. Many people wouldn't reach their goal no matter how hard they try, so they choose to give up once for all,' said Mr Zhang. 'For each family who have a missing member, their pain is unimaginable. 'We hope the society could give more attention and help to this group of homeless people,' Mr Zhang urged. 
967019139159199744	2018-02-23 12:51:43	https://t.co/fK6ouRb7Ai	Lassa fever in Nigeria kills 73 as outbreak of deadly virus continues to spiral https://t.co/fK6ouRb7Ai	 An unprecedented outbreak of a disease that causes bleeding from the vagina has now killed 73 people in Nigeria, according to the latest figures. Health officials in the African country warn cases of Lassa fever have rocketed by nearly 50 per cent in a week. It comes just days after the World Health Organization named the deadly virus in its list of pathogens that pose the most 'urgent' threat. At least 913 suspected cases of Lassa fever have been recorded since the turn of the year, Nigeria's Center for Disease Control states. By contrast, a cumulative toll of cases released last week revealed just 615 had been recorded since January 1. Elsie Ilori, manager of the NCDC’s Lassa Fever Emergency Operations Centre, said the situation currently 'is overwhelming'. In an interview with Bloomberg, she explained that the current outbreak is 'more than what we have seen before'. The Lassa fever outbreak, which has struck 17 of Nigeria's 36 states, has already prompted international aid efforts. In February 2018, The World Health Organization released its annual list of lethal bugs that they warned there is an 'urgent' need to accelerate research into. The ones that they prioritised were: Nigerian officials praised the WHO earlier this week for its efforts in containing the outbreak, despite figures showing cases are on the rise. A separate statement released today by the WHO also warned of a potential spike in cases in two nearby countries on the west coast of Africa. It revealed a patient from Guinea had sought treatment in Liberia after becoming ill. She later died and was confirmed to have Lassa fever. Lassa fever is endemic in Nigeria and several other countries on the west coast of Africa, including Liberia and Guinea, according to the WHO. Symptoms begin with headaches, sore throats and vomiting, but it can trigger bleeding from the mouth, nose or vagina. However, they gradually progress to shock, seizures, tremors, disorientation and comas without prompt treatment. A quarter of patients will also experience temporary deafness that will eventually return, medical literature states. Pregnant women who contract the disease late in pregnancy face an 80 per cent chance of losing their child or dying themselves. It can either be spread by rats or from person-to-person by exposure to bodily fluids of someone who is infected. Scientists first identified the virus causing Lassa fever in 1969. It belongs to the Arenaviridae family. According to the World Health Organization, only 20 per cent of victims will report any symptoms. Lassa fever is endemic in Nigeria and several other countries on the west coast of Africa, including Liberia and Guinea, according to the WHO. Symptoms begin with headaches, sore throats and vomiting, but it can trigger bleeding from the mouth, nose or vagina. However, they gradually progress to shock, seizures, tremors, disorientation and comas without prompt treatment. A quarter of patients will also experience temporary deafness that will eventually return, medical literature states. Pregnant women who contract the disease late in pregnancy face an 80 per cent chance of losing their child or dying themselves. It can either be spread by rats or from person-to-person by exposure to bodily fluids of someone who is infected. It comes just a week after ten killer viruses that pose the most 'urgent' threat to humanity were revealed by concerned experts. The World Health Organization released its annual list of lethal pathogens that research should be fast-tracked for. Ebola and Zika, which both have caused brutal pandemics in the past four years, were named amid fears they could strike again. For the first time ever, 'Disease X' - representing a pathogen currently unknown to scientists - was mentioned by the WHO. The list came amid mounting fears of a global pandemic, with experts concerned about the flu season that rocked the world. Dr Tedros Adhanom, director general of the WHO, previously warned humanity is 'vulnerable' to an outbreak that could kill millions.
967013529294376962	2018-02-23 12:29:26	https://t.co/9a7RJuOToH	Horrific video showing the moment student 'hurls a kitten into a scorching hot oven' https://t.co/9a7RJuOToH	 Criminal investigators in Russia are probing an horrific video in which a student hurls a kitten into a scorching hot oven. The torture came during a teenage party in Krasnoyarsk, a city in Siberia. The black cat is thrown in the 375C oven by a man who has been identified as 18-year-old Kirill Beryozin as he and others laugh and joke, say police. Scroll down for video The sick abuse was filmed by an unknown male friend and posted on Beryozin's social media. During the clip, the first voice - belonging to the person filming, is hearing saying: '375 degrees! Wh***!' A second voice replies: 'Let's do it one more time!' A third asks: 'What will happen to it?' The first person says: 'I'm in hysterics. Shame, cat is not visible there!' The third then says: 'Drag him out, whore! He f****** did not understand!' 'Look, cruel attitude to animals!' the second person says before the cat is hurled into the oven. Over laughter, the first person says: 'Oh, that was tough! 375 degrees! You've broken his spine!' The kitten's condition after the torture is unclear. Later one of Beryozin's accounts was closed, the other deleted. The student later changed his online family name to Kalashnikov, but then deleted this account, too. Beryozin had been previously pictured online with his cat. A spokesman for the Russian Investigative Committee, which probes serious crimes, said: 'A video was posted on the internet where teenagers inKrasnoyarsk region are torturing a cat during a house party. 'They put it into a hot oven. At the moment the circumstances of this incident are being investigated. 'A decision will be made based on the results of these checks.' Beryozin is a student attending the prestigious Krasnoyarsk College of Radio Electronics and Information Technology. The video sparked a furious backlash on social media. 'These young people are absolutely mad, as if they are not human…,' said one shocked viewer. 'He is obviously enjoying it, he gets excited when he is hurting the cat,' complained another. 'Tricks with a human being will be the next in his chain of entertainments…' A woman asked: 'Is it a new trend among young people to torture animals? 'Almost every day I come across a new case.' Russia recently increased the jail terms for cruelty to animals. Individuals can be jailed for up to three years. If torture is inflicted by a group, the penalty is up to five years. 
967009086855434242	2018-02-23 12:11:47	https://t.co/kmYSl0W7C1	School in China has started a new course to teach its students how to play video games https://t.co/kmYSl0W7C1	 A school in China has started a new course to teach its students how to play video games as a future profession. The school hopes the £1,470-per-year 'eSports and Management' course could help ambitious teenagers cash in on China's £116 million digital gaming industry. During the first year of the course, the students in their teens and early 20s spend 50 per cent of their time gaming and the rest on study 'theory lessons' to ensure they would succeed in the industry. The Lanxiang Technical School, situated in the city of Jinan in eastern China, launched its eSports course last September and has attracted 50 students in its inaugural year. 'At first, many parents thought it was just about playing video games,' school director Rong Lanxiang, told AFP. 'In fact, it's not the case, eSport is developing to a very high degree and it's become an economic growth driver.' At the school, students focus on improving their skills in some of the most popular eSport games. League of Legends, one of the world's most played games, is a strategy driven bout where players fight each other in a digital arena. First person shooters like Overwatch, Counter Strike and the hugely popular newcomer PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds, are also key parts of this unusual syllabus. 'This was a hobby for me, I was really into playing video games, and it's a new industry, I think there are good prospects in it,' says Teng Xin, who says he racks up at least 20 hours game time a week. At 22, the student fears he may be too old to be a professional eSportsman, but feels he could be a coach. After the first year, the students are divided up. The best gamers focus on becoming professional players while the others are taught accompanying skills including event organisation, promotion, or coaching. Song Jinze, a shy 16-year-old, says he wants to become a presenter. Big tournaments attract huge online audiences and, just like any boxing or football match, a good presenter is a key part of the experience. It's not a career path his parents were happy with but he was able to persuade them of his prospects. He says: 'When I showed how much I love this and that I would persist with it, my dad agreed to let me come here to learn.' The annual school tuition fees are around 13,000 yuan (£1,470), a fairly reasonable price for tuition in China. The most talented players who become part of the school team are exempt from paying. Lanxiang Technical has its sights set on tutoring up to 1,000 eSport students. Once associated with teenagers stuck in their bedrooms, eSports - where players square off in lucrative video game tournaments - are growing fast. Chinese internet research company iResearch estimates 260 million people are already playing eSport games or watching competitions in the country, with the biggest bouts playing out to thousands of spectators in stadiums and many more online. The growth shows no signs of slowing. Market research firm Newzoo estimates that the eSport industry will be worth £650 million ($906 million) in global revenues in 2018, a 38.2 per cent increase from last year. China alone will account for 18 per cent. Gaming has become a team sport at 910 universities across the Asian country, but there is also an increase in educational establishments, such as Lanxiang Technical, actively teaching the skills needed for eSports success. It is all a far cry from the situation less than a decade ago when the government was so concerned about youths spending excessive time on the internet it listed web addiction as a clinical disorder and drafted legislation to limit online time. Today, China is a key eSport market. In November more than 40,000 fans flocked to Beijing's Bird's Nest Olympic stadium to watch the final of the world championships for League of Legends. ESports are to be included as a medal sport for the first time at the 2022 Asian Games in Hangzhou and proponents are pushing for Olympic status. The eSports industry already employs some 50,000 people in China, according to local data firm CNG, but they estimate the demand is there to employ a further 260,000 across the country. Alongside Lanxiang Technical, at least two other universities have opened up eSport courses. Overseas, Britain's Staffordshire University plans to launch a three year course next September. Universities in Finland and Moscow already offer such courses, while there is an eSport Academy in Nantes, France. 'In the future, eSports will be present in every family and it'll be more popular than basketball and football,' predicts eSport student Teng Xin. He adds: 'To practice traditional sports, you have to go outside and have space. But you just need a computer to practice eSports at home.'
967004832212152320	2018-02-23 11:54:52	https://t.co/8euevsgkNg	Chilling video shows young girls chosen by Hitler for their 'Aryan purity' taught to honour the Third Reich https://t.co/8euevsgkNg	 Chilling footage of a girls’ 'summer camp' that took place during 1939 reveals how teenagers were indoctrinated into Hitler's anti-Semitic ideology. The blonde haired, blue-eyed youngsters, aged between 14-18, were all part of Hitler's League of German Girls who have been specially selected, based on ‘genetic quality’ by the Nazi Party. Unsettling black-and-white footage, obtained from the National Archives of Germany, was taken at the Country Service camp in Munich and shows the fresh-faced girls eagerly raising the swastika flag and obediently performing the Nazi salute. The video, entitled 'Madel im Landjahr' is translated as 'Girls in Country Service Gamp', and features the League of German Girls or Bund Deutscher Mädel (BDM), the girls wing of the Hitler Youth. The footage shows the young women performing chores around the camp including cooking, cleaning and agricultural activities which consisted of planting of crops and the general maintenance of the farms. The video also shows girls taking part in gymnastics. Sport was a big part of the life at BDM camps as it was intended to create healthy, strong girls who were fit for child-bearing and would go on to produce multiple children to increase the population. The BDM began in 1930 but it wasn't until Baldur Von Schirach was appointed head of the Hitler Youth in 1931 that the group began to rise in popularity with membership estimated between 10,000 to 15,000 girls at the end of 1932. The league focused on developing girls into women who were dedicated to Nazism and whose role within society was to become 'mothers of the Third Reich'. The girls were to grow-up with an unquestioning understanding of the regime and their intended role. Hitler hoped that the work on these camps would encourage young girls to leave the city and work on the land in the service of the Nazi's 'Blood and Soil' values - which instructed the German people to pursue an honest rural life over urban 'Jewish' professions. At the camps, girls were trained in Nazi ideology and encouraged anti-semitism. The teens were taught to avoid ‘racial defilement’, by following a Nazi policy prohibiting sexual relations between Aryans and non-Aryans and encouraged the girls to inform the authorities if their parents or neighbours were not acting in line with the regime. In lessons, the girls were presented with propaganda videos and stories focused on painting Jewish people as inherently unsavoury characters. Members of the group wore matching uniforms of white dresses and work clothes to ensure conformity across the movement. Modifications were deemed unacceptable as Nazi girls were intended to be natural beauties that did not rely on cosmetics. Alongside the male members of the Hitler Youth, the girl branch would have attended many Nazi Party political meetings and rallies, including the Nuremberg rallies. The BDM began in 1930, prior to Adolf Hitler's rise to power as Chancellor, in 1933. Its roots lie with the unsuccessful establishment of other girl groups set up during the early years of the National Socialist movement which focused on teaching language, folklore and history with anti-Semitic interpretations. Recruitment drives ran in an attempt to get more female members but the groups weren't especially successful. It was only in 1932, with the Fascist regime's increased popularity that Nazi Youth leader Baldur Von Schirach dissolved other Nazi girl's groups and transferred all memberships to the BDM. The movement increased momentum and by the end of 1932, membership was estimated between 10,000 to 15,000 girls. Membership was extremely strict and only allowed girls who met the strict requirements of the Fascist regime. In order to join, girls had to be a German citizen of racial and ethnic German heritage, free of hereditary diseases and with family members in keeping with the Third Reich's belief system. During the Second World War, the BDM carried out various roles within society including camps for girls evacuated from cities for their protection during bombing raids, training the teenagers as volunteer nurses on the front line and even serving in the signal corps of the women's section of the SS. In the last days of the war, some of these members were among the most fanatical supporters of the Nazi Regime and not knowing life beyond the Third Reich, joined last-ditch defenses in Berlin and other cities in fighting the invading Allied armies along with male members of the Hitler Youth. After the Second World War, Baldur Von Schirach, who had also held multiple roles within the Nazi Party, was convicted of crimes against humanity. 
967000846268620800	2018-02-23 11:39:02	https://t.co/Lc7ksIBbIC	Woman with a traffic-stopping 60 INCH bottom insists her curves are totally NATURAL https://t.co/Lc7ksIBbIC	 A woman with a bottom measuring an astonishing 60 inches claims that her curvy body is all down to good genes and not plastic surgery. Eudoxie Yao, from Abidjan, Ivory Coast, is used to turning heads thanks to her extreme figure but insists that while her 'ultra sexy' may look like the result of several trips to plastic surgeons her look is actually all natural. The model, who doesn't want to disclose her age, weighs 209lbs (14st 9lbs) and has got no desire to go on a diet and slim down her magnificent measurements. And she's even been branded Africa's answer to her reality TV idol Kim Kardashian, whose success she hopes to emulate. 'Someone who I'm a fan of is Kim Kardashian. I like her dress sense,' she explained. 'I've been compared to her, and what she does. She's definitely my role model. 'I've never had cosmetic surgery. Never, never, never in my life. I've always been like this. My elders have bigger bums than me. It's always been natural. She added: 'When I leave my house, people are often surprised and shocked at seeing me. 'I stop traffic. People are shocked. But they never say anything to my face. 'I'd like to describe my look as ultra sexy. Before, it was all about looking thin. But now, men are more attracted to women with curves. I think it's changed a lot.' Rather than cover up her ample behind, Eudoxie, happily flaunts it. Squeezing into skintight jeans, Lycra dresses and tiny shorts, the African beauty has no idea what size she actually is – and no intention of finding out. Buying clothes in super-small sizes, Eudoxie customises – in other words cut garments she deems too conservative. She said: 'I wear a lot of stretchy clothes. I don't know what my clothes size is. 'When I buy clothes, I don't like clothes that are too big. I like smaller clothes! I like tight fitting clothes, if they're not, I'll snip them.' Wearing too-small-for-her outfits hasn't always worked out for Eudoxie, who said: 'Sometimes, I can't fit into them,' even admitting that her ample curves have ripped clothes. Eudoxie, who is known as 'Queen Eudoxie' on social media, added: 'People with a figure like mine don't tend to wear tight fitting clothes. 'They prefer to wear clothes that hide their shape. I don't do that. I like to show off my shape, and that can shock people. People like me would normally cover up entirely. I do the opposite. That's why I've now become famous.' She has now amassed close to half a million followers on Instagram. The social media star regularly posts pictures of herself in underwear and bikinis to her subjects; she also makes appearances at events in the Ivory Coast and now struggles to leave her home without passersby stopping her in the street to take selfies with her. She said: 'Now I'm a conversation topic. I go to countries and fans treat me like an artist. I've become a celebrity. I appear on TV, I go to events. Sometimes I present shows as a hostess.' Although always confident, Eudoxie confesses when she first posted photos of herself on social media, the cruel comments she received hit her hard. 'There have never been times when I haven't felt attractive. When I began showing myself off on social media the negative comments used to really hurt me at the start,' she said. 'Often I'd read them and cry over them. Not in front of people, but I cried. Now I just ignore the nasty comments. I think those who write nasty comments aren't particularly happy.' The social media star says she eats whatever she likes and now welcomes the attention. 'I'm not on any diet. I eat whatever I want. I have tried to slim down on my arms, but other than that, it's all natural. 'People have mocked me for my physique. I've put on weight and I accept it.' 'No one is going to tell me how to dress, how I should be. I love my curves! I can say now I love my shape!' Finding a man who can handle her extreme curves, as well as the attention they receive, has not been so easy. Eudoxie said: 'There are lots of men that are intimidated by me. 'There are others that dream about seeing me. And when they see me, they can't hide their joy! 'I attract all types of men,' she added, describing her perfect type as someone genuine and kind, 'fat or thin'. Ultimately Eudoxie says she dresses for herself, not for men or social media followers and she intends to keep doing so, celebrating her very big behind. 'People don't like how I dress. They want me to be completely covered. 'People judge me a lot on social media because of my appearance and style. 'They say I dress too 'sexy'. They say, with my figure, I dress in a vulgar way. 'And my shape should be completely covered. I tell them no. You can be like me and sexy. You can be big, as I am, and wear tight fitting clothes. And be at ease in your skin.' 
966997536971075584	2018-02-23 11:25:53	https://t.co/AIzcaV1DCj	Do dots in Gmail email accounts matter to Google? https://t.co/AIzcaV1DCj	 As everybody with multiple email accounts will know, it’s a hassle trying to remember all the requisite information - which name is the one for the Gmail login? Which password is the right one? Is there a dot in my gmail account? While Google can’t automatically help you with the first two, its Gmail email service certainly can do something about the last issue. Turns out all those nights you spent tossing and turning, worrying about whether you signed up for Elton John ticket updates with an incorrectly-typed Gmail account or not, could have been avoided. That’s because Google doesn’t care about the dots in your gmail login. They just aren’t that important. On Google support, the company out right says that ‘Dots don't matter in Gmail addresses’. But what does that actually mean? The dots in question are the ones everyone naturally assumed are important and distinguish between two separate email accounts. An email sent to johnsmith@gmail.com is surely not one that wouldn’t end up in the inbox of john.smith@gmail.com, right? Wrong. As Google points out: ‘If your email is johnsmith@gmail.com, you own all dotted versions of your address’. This means that the following gmail address variations all lead back to the same account: john.smith@gmail.com jo.hn.sm.ith@gmail.com j.o.h.n.s.m.i.t.h@gmail.com Google does not recognise characters and periods in Gmail addresses. It also means that the reverse is true: if you own the john.smith@gmail.com address, then you own the johnsmith@gmail.com as well. So it turns out it’s not only dots that are not as important as you think. According to Slate, Google will ignore a plus sign and anything that comes after it in a Gmail address. So anything sent to a johnsmith+spam@gmail.com address will still make its way to poor John’s gmail inbox. However, this does lead to a potentially useful inbox sorting tool. Even though it will all go to the same account, by providing variations of your email account, it can be a good way of manually sorting out your inbox: a johnsmith+spam@gmail.com for spam emails and johnsmith+tickets@gmail.com for anything ticket-related. However, Google does point out: If you use Gmail through work, school, or other organization (like yourdomain.com or yourschool.edu), dots do change your address. While dots in Gmail addresses don’t matter, they certainly do on Microsoft Hotmail accounts. In a Microsoft community reply to this question, the company said: Adding a period (.) to your email address will be recognized as a different account in Outlook/Hotmail.
966994607971106816	2018-02-23 11:14:15	https://t.co/ECYrNFqlQe	UN report reveals horrific abuses by South Sudanese government soldiers and rebels amid civil war https://t.co/ECYrNFqlQe	 A UN report has revealed the horrific human rights abuses committed in South Sudan's five-year civil war – including the story a woman who says her 12-year-old son was forced to have sex with his grandmother to stay alive. The latest report was released on Friday by a United Nations commission in the hopes of one day finding justice. It includes a horrific day in Pagak town when one South Sudanese man returned home after hiding from government soldiers to find they had blinded his mother, gouging out her eyes with spears. She had tried to defend her 17-year-old daughter from being raped by more than a dozen soldiers and didn't succeed. Seventeen soldiers then raped her. The family's father was beheaded. It also includes what a South Sudanese woman told the commission - that her 12-year-old son was forced to have sex with his grandmother to stay alive. 'I did not expect to be confronted with so much ritual humiliation and degradation deliberately done for multiple reasons,' Andrew Clapham, a commission member and international law professor, said. 'The suffering and cruelty was worse than anyone could have imagined.' The findings, with 'sufficient evidence' against both President Salva Kiir's government forces and rebels, identify more than 40 senior military officials, including three state governors, 'who may bear individual responsibility for war crimes.' The report will be presented to the UN Human Rights Council in Geneva next month. They also will be made available to judicial mechanisms such as a hybrid court for South Sudan, which long has been urged by the international community but has never appeared. Untold tens of thousands have been killed in South Sudan since the conflict erupted in December 2013, just two years after independence from Sudan. More than two million people have fled the country, the largest refugee crisis since the Rwandan genocide 24 years ago. Millions who remain at home face hunger. The new report is an account of the gang-rapes, castrations, ethnic violence and other abuses that have left much of the impoverished nation in despair, while international frustration with the warring sides grows. An attempt at a cease-fire in late December was violated within hours. Disgusted, the United States announced a largely symbolic arms embargo and urged the UN Security Council to do the same. South Sudan's government did not immediately comment on the report on Friday. 'The human rights body should start putting the blame directly on the regime instead of blaming both sides,' opposition spokesman Lam Paul Gabriel told the AP. While names of alleged perpetrators are being collected by the UN commission, they are not shared publicly to help protect witnesses who come forward. The names are being given to the UN human rights office in Geneva. The report, based on 230 witness statements and other materials, is the second since the UN commission was established in 2016 and the first since it was given a stronger mandate to preserve evidence and conduct investigations instead of simply monitoring and reporting. South Sudan's conflict is splintering into chaos, the new report says. What began as a 'power struggle' between Kiir and former Vice President Riek Machar has fractured into an estimated 40 armed groups across the country, with many fighting each other. But consistent patterns stand out, such as government attacks on unarmed, fleeing civilians in areas where no opposition forces were present, the report says. 'There is a clear pattern of ethnic persecution, for the most part by government forces,' Clapham said. Despite the latest accounts of abuses, South Sudan experts are skeptical that anything will change amid what the report calls a 'grave' lack of accountability. 'The recommendations of these human rights reports have not been implemented in South Sudan, making them useless,' Jacob Chol, senior political analyst and professor at the University of Juba, told the AP. He said human rights abusers should be barred from the South Sudan peace talks in neighboring Ethiopia. The talks reached a stalemate last week but are expected to pick up again next month. 
966989699217874944	2018-02-23 10:54:44	https://t.co/c3tqNH8zih	Biblical prophet's tomb blown up by Isis reveals the inscribed remains of a once opulent palace https://t.co/c3tqNH8zih	 ISIS' destruction of the biblical tomb of Jonah has revealed a once opulent palace and inscriptions detailing the life of an Assyrian King. Seven clay tablets, found in a palace hidden under the Tomb of Jonah in the northern city of Mosul, describe the rule of a king named Esarhaddon. The inscriptions describe Esarhaddon as 'king of the world', and claim he rebuilt the ancient cities of Babylon and Esagil during his reign. They also lay out the man's family history, giving scientists fresh insight into the ancient royal bloodline of Assyria. The tablets were found in four tunnels dug by ISIS looters looking for Assyrian treasure beneath the Tomb of Jonah, a shrine sacred to both Christians and Muslims. The site was blown up by the terror group during its occupation of Mosul from June 2014 until January 2017, when the city was retaken by Iraqi forces. Archaeologists picking through ancient rubble left behind by the group found a previously undiscovered palace containing white marble murals of bulls, stone statues of demi-goddesses and seven marble inscriptions. New translations of the cuneiform tablets, thought to date back to the Assyrian empire in 672BC, show the texts describe King Esarhaddon. One inscription, in translation, reads: 'The palace of Esarhaddon, strong king, king of the world, king of Assyria, governor of Babylon, king of Sumer and Akkad, king of the kings of lower Egypt, upper Egypt and Kush [an ancient kingdom located south of Egypt]', according to a new report from Live Science. Previous research has found that Kush rulers once ruled Egypt, and the Niveneh inscriptions claim Esarhaddon defeated Kush leaders and chose new rulers to govern Egypt. The Prophet Yunis is widely regarded as the Islamic version of the prophet perhaps more commonly referred to in the Bible as Jonah. Jonah was famously swallowed by a whale or a fish, depending on the literature, and his Islamic narrative has some similarities as well as substantial differences to the Hebrew Bible story. The Quran describes Jonah as a righteous preacher of the message of God but a messenger who, one day, fled from his mission because of its overwhelming difficulty. The Quran says that Jonah made it onto a ship but, because of the powerfully stormy weather, the men aboard the ship suggested casting lots to throw off the individual responsible. When the lots were cast three times and Jonah's name came out each time, he was thrown into the open ocean that night. A gigantic fish came and swallowed him, and Jonah remained in the belly of the fish repenting and glorifying God. The Christian version of the story goes that a huge storm arises and the sailors, realising it is no ordinary storm, discover Jonah is to blame. Jonah admits this and tells them if he is thrown overboard, the storm will cease. The sailors try to dump as much cargo as possible before giving up, but feel forced to throw him overboard, at which point the sea calms. The sailors then offer sacrifices to God. Jonah is miraculously saved by being swallowed by a large fish in whose belly he spends three days and three nights. While in the great fish, Jonah prays to God in his affliction and commits to thanksgiving and to paying what he has vowed. God commands the fish to spew Jonah out. Another of the tablets says that Esarhaddon 'reconstructed the temple of the god Aššur [the chief god of the Assyrians],' rebuilt the ancient cities of Babylon and Esagil, and 'renewed the statues of the great gods'. The texts say Esarhaddon is the son of Sennacherib, who reigned over Assyria from 704–681 B.C, and a descendent of Sargon II, who was also 'king of the world, king of Assyria', reigning 721–705 B.C. The Nebi Yunus shrine - containing what Muslims and Christians believe to be the tomb of Jonah or 'Yunnus' as he is known in the Koran - was destroyed by ISIS militants in July 2014. Weeks after overrunning Mosul and much of Iraq's Sunni Arab heartland, ISIS militants rigged the shrine and blew it up, sparking global outrage. ISIS militants believe giving special veneration to tombs and relics is against the teachings of Islam. Tunnels dug by the group were not professionally built, leaving them unstable and at risk of collapse, burying the ancient palace and its remaining artefacts. The finding is the first example of ISIS militants tunnelling underneath historic sites to find artefacts to loot. It had long been rumoured that the shrine shared a site with an ancient palace. Excavations had previously been carried out by the Ottoman governor of Mosul in 1852. The Iraqi department of antiques also studied the site in the 1950s. But neither excavation had dug as far as the ISIS militants, leaving the palace undiscovered for 2,600 years. The Assyrian Empire was a complex Mesopotamian civilisation dating from 2,500 BC to around 600 BC. Mesopotamia, an area of ancient Asia, was where people first gathered in large cities, created governments, and learned to write. Alongside other Mesopotamian groups like ancient Babylon and the Sumerian cities, the Assyrian Empire was one of the earliest civilisations in history. As its height, the empire stretched from Egypt up through what is now Syria, Iraq, Lebanon and into Turkey. Turkey's Kültepe district was home to a settlement of the Old Assyrian Empire from the 21st to 18th centuries BC. Over 1,000 cuneiform tablets were found in the area in 1925, revealing a rich and complex cultural heritage. Much of our knowledge of early human societies comes from stone tablets such as these, leading some scholars to label Mesopotamia 'the place where history began'. The palace was renovated and expanded by King Esarhaddon after it was built for his father Sennacherib. It was partly destroyed during a ransacking as part of the Battle of Nineveh in 612 BC. Only a handful of these 'cuneiform' slabs have ever been uncovered from the Esarhaddon period. Archaeologists also unearthed two Assyrian empire-era winged bull sculptures within the Jihadist tunnels. Two murals in white marble show the winged bulls with only the sides and feet showing. In another section of ISIS tunnel the archaeologists found Assyrian stone sculptures of a demi-goddess, pictured spreading the 'water of life' to protect humans. Some of the larger sculptures were likely left behind by ISIS because they feared the hill might collapse, experts said. Other removable artifacts, especially pottery, were certainly plundered, according to archaeologist Layla Salih, who is in charge of antiquities for the Nineveh province where the shrine stands. 'I've never seen something like this in stone at this large size,' Professor Eleanor Robson, chair of the British Institute for the Study of Iraq, told the Telegraph last February. Professor Robson suggested they may have been used to decorate the women's quarter of the palace. 'The objects don't match descriptions of what we thought was down there, so Isil's destruction has actually led us to a fantastic find.' 'There's a huge amount of history down there, not just ornamental stones. 'It is an opportunity to finally map the treasure-house of the world's first great empire, from the period of its greatest success.' Mrs Salih, who is leading the five-person team carrying out the emergency documentation of Jonah's tomb, believes that ISIS forces looted hundreds of objects before Mosul was retaken by Iraqi forces. 'I can only imagine how much Daesh discovered down there before we got here,' she said. 'We believe they took many of the artefacts, such as pottery and smaller pieces, away to sell. But what they left will be studied and will add a lot to our knowledge of the period.' 
966983639845232640	2018-02-23 10:30:40	https://t.co/p5MFGMj9lc	Rescuers claim deadly napalm is being used to incinerate a rebel-held Syrian town https://t.co/p5MFGMj9lc	 The continuing deadly assault on a rebel held town in Syria has left nearly a hundred children dead and scores of others needing hospital treatment. Dictator Bashar al-Assad has continued the brutal wave of airstrikes and artillery bombardment on the area of eastern Ghouta, near the capital Damascus, supported by his Russian ally. Rescuers claim deadly napalm is being used to incinerate a rebel-held Syrian town where conditions have been described as 'hell on earth'. The UN Security Council delayed a vote on demanding a 30-day ceasefire in Syria to Saturday at noon to allow more time for negotiations. It has been in talks on a draft resolution on the truce since February 9. The White Helmets volunteers captured images of what it says were missiles loaded with flammable liquid raining down on the city of Hamouria in East Ghouta. At least 462 people have been killed and many hundreds injured, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group says. The dead include at least 99 children. Syrian state media reported one person was killed and 58 injured from rebel shelling of sites in Damascus, including a hospital. In a tweet, pro-rebel White Helmets volunteers, said its video, which is mostly dark apart from burning material appeared to fall from the sky, shows missiles 'loaded with prohibited napalm' being dropped in 'residential neighbourhoods'. The use of napalm is banned in civilian areas by the United Nations Convention on Certain Conventional Weapons. Similar claims were made in 2015 after an alleged attack on the besieged city of Darayya. In 2013 young children and adults suffered horrific burns after being caked in a 'napalm-like' substance when a bomb was dropped on a school playground near the country's capital. Fresh bombardment on Eastern Ghouta killed dozens yesterday, bringing the number of dead civilians in a five-day assault by the Syrian government to more than 400. Mounting calls for a humanitarian truce in one of the bloodiest episodes of Syria's seven-year conflict failed to stop 46 more people being killed by air strikes and rocket fire. Regime backer Russia said there was 'no agreement' at the UN Security Council on a 30-day ceasefire for Syria and presented amendments to a draft resolution that would allow aid deliveries and the evacuation of civilians from besieged Eastern Ghouta. As diplomats wrangled over a UN vote, which could take place on Friday, people huddled in basements while government forces pounded the enclave with rockets and bombs, turning towns into fields of ruins and even hitting hospitals. Aid group Doctors Without Borders said 13 of the facilities it supports in Eastern Ghouta were damaged or destroyed in three days, leaving remaining staff with very little to save the hundreds of wounded brought to them every day. In the hospital mortuary in Douma, the main town in the enclave just east of Damascus, bodies wrapped in white shrouds were already lined up on the floor, two of them children. 'Five days of air strikes and intense artillery fire by the regime and its Russian ally have killed 403 civilians, including 95 children,' said the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Morning rain appeared to initially keep warplanes away on Thursday but the sky cleared by midday and jets, some of them Russian according to the Observatory, soon returned. Russia has so far denied direct involvement in the assault on Ghouta but the pro-government Syrian newspaper Al-Watan reported on Thursday that Russian warplanes and advisers had joined the battle. The US said on Thursday Russia had 'unique responsibility' for the deaths. 'Without Russia backing Syria, the devastation and the deaths would certainly not be occurring,' State Department Spokeswoman Heather Nauert told journalists. Regime and allied forces have been massing around the enclave, in which an estimated 400,000 people live, ahead of a likely ground offensive to flush out holdout Islamist and jihadist groups. An AFP correspondent saw rescuers known as the 'White Helmets' forced to abandon efforts to retrieve a wounded woman from the rubble of a collapsed home when air strikes resumed. When they ventured back to the site, the woman was dead. The indiscriminate bombardment and the strikes on medical facilities have sparked global outrage but few concrete options have emerged to stop the bloodletting. The aid community voiced its frustration as the world appeared once again powerless to stop a conflict that has left almost 350,000 dead in seven years and caused destruction rarely seen since World War II. Humanitarian agencies are 'sickened that no matter how many times they've raised the alarm, taken the step of speaking out, called on the Security Council to do something, the violence and brutality will sink to new lows', said the Syria INGO Regional Forum. At the UN, Russian Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia said sponsors Sweden and Kuwait were requesting a vote on the ceasefire plan even though they are 'fully aware there is no agreement on it'. The Security Council needs to reach a 'feasible' agreement on a ceasefire and not take a decision that would be 'populistic' and 'severed from reality', he said. Talks for a deal between the regime and the armed groups controlling Ghouta appear to have stalled. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said jihadist fighters in Ghouta had rejected an evacuation deal. 'A few days ago, our military in Syria suggested to the fighters that they withdraw peacefully from Eastern Ghouta, like the evacuation of fighters and their families that was organised in East Aleppo,' he said. The head of the defence committee in Russia's lower house of parliament said Thursday that more than 200 new types of weapons were tested as part of his country's military support to the regime of President Bashar al-Assad. 'It's not an accident that today they are coming to us from many directions to purchase our weapons, including countries that are not our allies,' he said. 
966979185020424193	2018-02-23 10:12:57	https://t.co/oSqGsH74Bt	Russian advert showing bound and gagged woman being force to dig a grave for ‘useless’ presents is axed https://t.co/oSqGsH74Bt	 An advert showing a bound and gagged woman being forced by her husband to dig a grave in the forest has sparked a furious sexism row in Russia. The internet commercial for electronics chain DNS, which has now been axed, was broadcast ahead of Defender of the Fatherland Day on February 23. The annual holiday celebrates the achievements of military forces and veterans and it is traditional for women to buy gifts and postcards for their male relatives. Shocking footage from the advert shows a woman being driven to a forest in her husband's car boot before being thrown out into the snow. She is then ordered to dig a grave to bury the 'useless' presents she bought him. As the terrified woman starts digging, her husband waves to another man making his wife do the same thing nearby. What looks like a pair of socks and a can of deodorant are buried by the two females during the bizarre commercial. DNS sells products such as laptops, tablets and smartphones and has 1,400 branches in 540 Russian towns and cities. The chain uses the slogan 'Presents for men – without any risk to your life'. But their video sparked a tirade of criticism online for being sexist and promoting violence and hatred towards women. Many people complained it had eerie undertones of the case of Margarita Grachyova, a Russian mother-of-two who was attacked in December. The 25-year-old was driven to a forest by her jealous husband Dmitry Grachyov who then chopped off her hands with an axe after accusing her of cheating. The video was slammed as the 'culmination of sexism, violence and hatred of women' by one critic, Eva Moor. 'It seemed to me this was not a spade but an axe… I just can't forget that woman whose hands were cut off by her ex husband…', wrote one woman. 'I have never seen such hell before,' said critic Irina. 'It is revolting and sexist and should not be allowed,' added another furious viewer. Magazine editor Pavel Solevarov said: 'From now on anything you buy in DNS means supporting these men who attack women.' The chain was accused of 'promoting violence' and 'picturing men like maniacs'. It 'ruined its own reputation', said bloggers. After the barrage of criticism, the company abandoned the commercial. DNS director Dmitry Alexeev said the footage was an example of the 'idiocy of marketing'. He admitted: 'This humour smells of sexism. I would like to apologise to all those whose feelings were hurt…. Such videos do not create any value for the company. 'All this noise was not worth it'. But some Russian men disagreed. Ivan said: 'Are you serious? It's a completely normal advert. Stop looking for sexism where there is none.'
966971207391305728	2018-02-23 09:41:15	https://t.co/Liefbl6Dhp	Surgeon reveals the top ten tips to getting a surgery-free derriere like Kim Kardashian https://t.co/Liefbl6Dhp	 The world's most prolific bum lift surgeon the who pioneered the procedure has admitted there are simple tricks you can use to get a peachy posterior without spending £10K to go under the knife. Nicknamed the 'clay sculptor', French Surgeon Dr Foued Hamza started practicing the Brazilian Bottom Lift surgery over 10 years ago and is ranked among the best cosmetic surgeons in Europe. Speaking exclusively to Femail, Dr Hamza, who charges between £6,500 and £10,000 for the surgical procedure, insists it is indeed possible to increase the size of your posterior through a mixture of eating and exercising. Inspired by voluptuous stars such as Kim Kardashian, Beyonce, J Lo and Iggy Azalea there has been a staggering 500 per cent increase in consultations for the operation last year, according to The Plastic Surgery Group. However, from taking phytoestrogens to using the right moisturiser, there are ten crucial steps you can use to boost your bum without resorting to the surgeon's knife. Dr Hamza's top ten tips for a naturally shapely derriere 1. Squat to success 'This may not come as a surprise to many, but put in the work and you'll see a result! Squat every other day and allow your muscles a day to repair and grow on your 'rest' days. After three weeks of consistency, graduate to using resistance or weight. As always, practice good posture and vary the style of squat with each workout.' 2. Fuel your body with nutrients 'Foods high in macro-nutrients are the best to maintain in your diet. So, when looking to add a little more to your backside, choose eggs, steak, most lean cut meats, quinoa or sweet potatoes.' 3. Dress for volume 'Wearing the right clothing that gives the illusion of a bigger bum can make a subtle difference but can serve as a much-needed confidence boost when trying to feel your best. 'Find jeans with pockets that give the illusion of a bigger bum; most of the time this means the jean pockets are further apart rather than closer to the centre seam. 1. Squat to success 2. Fuel your body with nutrients 3. Dress for volume 4. Shape your waist 5. Take a supplement such as phytoestrogens 6. Avoid dieting fads 7. Try electronic muscle stimulation (EMS) 8. Do yoga 9. Use a good moisturising cream on your booty 10. Angle your bum in pictures so it appears larger 'Skirts and dresses with added flow and volume on your lower half is often elegant and gives the illusion effect.' 4. Shape your waist 'After choosing clothes that accentuate your bum, wear a medium to large width belt that will help cinch your waist. Doing so with dresses and skirts are often the best. 'Even if the dress already gathers at your waist or dress, adding a visual focal point like so adds interest and volume where it's needed.' 5. Take a supplement such as phytoestrogens 'Notably found in soy, this plant derived compound is found in a wide array of other foods. Most known for its benefit of lowering menopausal symptoms, it can also enhance a woman's curves. 'It mimics human oestrogen and adds extra weight to all of the areas you want it - like your bum rather than your face, stomach or arms.' 6. Avoid dieting fads 'Although dieting is usually known as a short-cut to the ideal body, when trying to grow your bum it is important to stay well fed! In order to grow muscle your body needs nutrients that aren't offered by many diets promising quick results.' 7. Try electronic muscle stimulation (EMS) 'The process of EMS is quite simple; electronic pulses are created by a small device and delivered to electrode pads which are placed on the skin. 'The pulses cause muscles to contract and relax, which promotes growth in that area. Placing pads on your buttocks not only fosters muscle toning, but also is a great way to help avoid soreness after a tough workout!' 8. Do yoga 'Not only is yoga a great way to relax, it also can help tone your bum. Cobra pose and locusts pose are both great places for beginners to start. 'By engaging your buttock muscles in many different poses, yoga offers a gentle yet effective way to tone the bottom.' 'Just like anywhere else, the skin on your bottoms needs to stay hydrated! This is especially important if you are working to increase muscle, as you may see stretch marks due to growth. 'By using a moisturiser, you can help keep your bottom smooth and skin elastic!' 10. Angle your bum in pictures so it appears larger 'As they say, 'fake it till you make it'! While you are working away on sculpting your bottom, it is worth learning how make sure your bottoms looks its best in photos! 'By angling your bum towards the camera, and the rest of your body away, you can mimic the effect of a larger bum. Anything that is closer to the camera will always appear larger in photographs.' Nicknamed the 'clay sculptor', Dr Foued Hamza spearheaded his signature technique, which involves fat being taken from various parts of the body and injected into the bottom. The procedure can cost between £6,500 and £10,000. With his specialist sculpting technique, the patient's own fat is used to accentuate the curves that she may already have, and/or would like to gain. As no foreign objects are placed in the body, it is the most natural and safest way to augment the buttocks. Typical candidates for this procedure would be women who have flat or sagging buttocks. The Brazilian Bottom Lift is his signature treatment. Scientists have discovered the ratio which, they say, makes for the perfect figure at this is 0.7. The idea is that with Dr Hamza's Bottom Lift procedure remodels the body according the golden ratio waist to hip by removing the fat from the waist and tummy and then add it to the hips and buttocks to get the famous number 0.7 discovered by the New Zealand anthropologist Barnaby Dixon. 'There has been over a 50 per cent increase in number of Brazilian Bottom Lifts that I am doing', says Dr Hamza, 'which is most likely caused by the number of celebrities having it, the increased safety of the procedure and many more surgeons are becoming qualified to perform it. For the past ten years I have used the fat transfer technique to perform this increasingly popular procedure.' Fat transfer surgery is performed either under general anaesthetic or under local anaesthetic with sedation, and is treated as a day case, so the patient will usually not have to stay overnight. The procedure usually takes one hour. Following the operation, there would be a quick recovery with no cuts and minimal scarring. Dr. Hamza will remove the amount of fat necessary (as classic liposuction) from the abdomen, thighs or hips. It's then carefully processed and purified before transfer to the buttocks. Dr Foued Hamza, consulting from a surgery just off Harley Street in London, says: 'Many women take pride in the appearance of their bodies, and especially their bottoms. 'As I don't use any implants or silicone, which is typical of traditional cosmetic surgery, the bum looks and feels 100 per cent natural after the procedure, and the patient doesn't have to worry about any hard bits, or even worse, a fake looking bum.'
966964975687303168	2018-02-23 09:16:30	https://t.co/lrw1FWwVNr	North Korean 'behind South attacks' to appear at closing ceremony https://t.co/lrw1FWwVNr	 South Korean lawmakers protested Friday over a visit by a top North Korean general for the Pyeongchang Olympics, labelling him a war criminal over the 2010 sinking of a warship and calling for his execution. Kim Yong Chol will head an eight-member delegation to arrive on Sunday for the Games' closing ceremony - which will also be attended by US President Donald Trump's daughter Ivanka, creating protocol headaches for Seoul officials. Kim is widely blamed for a spate of attacks against the South including the torpedoing nearly eight years ago of the Seoul's Cheonan corvette, with the loss of 46 lives. Some 70 lawmakers of the conservative Liberty Korea Party staged a protest outside the presidential Blue House, urging President Moon Jae-in to scrap the visit. 'Kim Yong Chol is a diabolical war criminal who attacked the South... He deserves death by hanging in the street,' the party's parliamentary floor leader Kim Sung-tae said in a statement. 'Even if the heavens split in two, we cannot allow such a heinous criminal -- who must be sliced to death -- to be invited to the Olympics closing ceremony,' he said. Unification ministry spokesman Baek Tae-hyun said the South Korean government was aware of widespread misgivings about Kim Yong Chol's visit to the South, but accepted it as the 'chances for improving inter-Korean ties and a peace settlement might be improved'. The Pyeongchang Olympics have seen a charm offensive by the North, which sent leader Kim Jong Un's sister to the opening ceremony as it seeks to loosen sanctions against it and weaken the alliance between Seoul and Washington. US Vice President Mike Pence was also present for the start of the Games, and sat only a few seats away from Kim Yo Jong, without exchanging words with her -- having earlier visited a memorial to the Cheonan and condemned the North for abusing human rights. Officials from both Seoul and Washington say there is little or no prospect of a meeting between Ivanka Trump -- a businesswoman and former model turned key adviser to her father -- and the North Korean representatives. But Seoul authorities are still struggling over how to manage their presence at the same event. 'At the closing ceremony their lines of movement will not cross,' a senior official of Seoul's presidential Blue House told Yonhap news agency. 'Authorities are in agony over protocol and the seating plan at the closing ceremony.' Ivanka Trump was due to arrive in the South on a commercial flight from the US on Friday afternoon, and have dinner with Moon at the Blue House. Officials said the meal would be Korean food including bibimbap, prepared according to kosher principles and served to a background of traditional Korean music. Seoul blames the North for the 2010 sinking of the Cheonan - widely believed in the South to have been ordered by Kim Yong Chol - although Pyongyang denies responsibility. At the time he was head of the North's Reconnaissance General Bureau, which is responsible for espionage and sabotage activities against the South. Kim has also been linked to the shelling of the South's Yeonpyeong island the same year, which killed four people. Unification ministry spokesman Baek said the sinking of the Cheonan was 'certainly the North's work' but sought to play down Kim Yong Chol's role. 'There are limits to pinpointing those who were directly responsible', he said. Kim Yong Chol's presence is widely seen as a demonstration of how Pyongyang is using the Olympics-driven rapprochement to test the limits of multiple different sanctions imposed on it over its banned nuclear weapons and ballistic missile programmes. The general is blacklisted under Seoul's unilateral measures against the North -- meaning he is subject to an assets freeze -- although he is not named in the UN Security Council's sanctions. In an editorial, the conservative Chosun Ilbo daily said: 'By sending Kim Yong Chol, the North is in effect insulting the South and the bereaved victims of the Cheonan.'
966963148476497921	2018-02-23 09:09:14	https://t.co/ZkYuPshokF	The BEST way to line your cake tin revealed https://t.co/ZkYuPshokF	 Experts have revealed the best way to line a cake tin - and it requires two seperate sheets of baking paper. Lining a cake tin can be a fiddly business and if you leave any gaps or air bubbles, it can mean that your cake sticks to the side or is baked unevenly. However Cher Loh, head tutor at the Good Housekeeping Institute Cookery School, has revealed there's a very easy hack that will guarantee that you line your cake tin perfectly every time. And his trick involves cutting out a circle of baking parchment for the base, and another piece to stick around the sides of the tin. 1. Draw around a cake tin onto parchment paper and cut out the circle. 2. Cut a long strip that is 2cm wider than the depth of the tin. Fold along the long edge by 1cm and make cuts up to the fold, 2.5cm apart. 3. Line the sides of the tin with the long strip first, the folded cuts at the bottom, and then place the circle on top, on the base. Cher said that many bakers make the crucial error of just cutting out one piece of parchment and pressing it down onto the bottom and around the sides of a cake tin. But if you cut the baking paper too large or too small, it can affect how your cake bakes. Cher's advice is to cut out a circle that will cover the base of your cake tin, and then another long rectangular strip for the sides. Cutting out flaps on the long strip will also help create a smooth line in your tin. Cher advises bakers to start by placing a cake tin on a sheet of parchment and drawing around the outside of it with a pencil. Then he says they should use scissors to cut out a circle, which will line the base of the tin. He then suggests cutting out a long strip of parchment paper that is about 2cm wider than the depth of the tin. He recommends folding along the long edge by 1cm and then making cuts about 2.5cm apart along the fold and up to the folded line on the strip. This piece will wrap around the sides of the tin, with the folded end meeting the circle of parchment paper lining the base. Cher recommends lining the tin with the long strip first before placing the circle of parchment paper on the bottom. 
966947606998892544	2018-02-23 08:07:29	https://t.co/s3coYJBOvR	Girl, 12, is 'torn to pieces and eaten' by pack of stray dogs on her walk home from school in Ukraine https://t.co/s3coYJBOvR	 A 12-year-old girl was 'torn to pieces' and partly 'eaten' by a pack of stray dogs as she walked home from school in Ukraine, it has been claimed. Liza Kanareikina was ambushed by the animals in woodland on her daily route in the Ukrainian city of Khartsyzsk, 18 miles east of Donetsk, say police. When she failed to return home, her parents found her mauled and dismembered body in blood-strained snow. They found her remains ripped apart by the dogs 'as vicious as wolves', according to local reports in the rebel-held eastern Ukraine region. Neighbour Natalia Skiba said: 'The child was walking back home and did not make it. 'She was found here in the forest, already torn to pieces.' One local report stated that pieces of her flesh were 'literally torn off her body, the snow around was red from blood.' Another, claiming that the girl was partly eaten by the wild strays, said: 'Police opened a criminal investigation and shot dead several dogs in order to check what was inside their stomachs.' Local Irina Filippova said: 'Police are questioning citizens and looking for any witnesses of the tragedy.' A neighbour of the dead girl, Dmitry Tsurkanov, said: 'I was driving by the scene and found her school bag. 'I opened it and saw notebooks, textbooks, one was Russian Language for the 6th grade.' No announcement has been made yet on the findings of forensic analysis. 'The results of forensic examination are not ready yet in the city police department,' said a report by Komsomolskaya Pravda newspaper. 'So far police have refrained from comment (on the results).' Locals are becoming deeply concerned over stray dogs abandoned in the civil war beginning in 2014 which resulted in pro-Vladimir Putin rebels seizing concern of this part of eastern Ukraine. One woman, called Galina, complained she was bitten by a stray while shopping at a local market. Many people left the blitzed region and abandoned their pets. Vladimir Tsimmerman, an official from the Donetsk city administration in the rebel-held region, said: 'This is one of the consequences of war. All of us understand that these dogs were abandoned and became wild. 'Now they are migrating from one town to another, and what is more sad – from time to time they attack and bite people. 'Every month we take away 50 to 100 dogs. Half are brought back with chips and sterilised. The rest are destroyed.' 
966947411137478656	2018-02-23 08:06:42	https://t.co/bC2JPRf79R	German food bank BANS migrants, saying foreigners has stopped elderly and single mothers receiving free meals https://t.co/bC2JPRf79R	 A food bank in Germany has temporarily stopped taking on new foreign clients after saying a huge influx of migrants had displaced desperate locals. Joerg Sartor, chairman of the Essener Tafel charity that serves free meals to the poor in the western city of Essen, said: 'We want the German granny to be able to keep coming to us'. He said especially German elderly people and single mothers had been gradually displaced over the past two years as the share of migrants had risen to three-quarters of recipients. More than 1.2 million migrants have come to Europe's biggest economy since 2015, more than half from war-torn Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan, in a mass influx that sparked a backlash. The website of the 'Essener Tafel' charity said it had taken the step in order to avoid frictions between needy locals and foreigners that could harm acceptance of the newcomers. 'Since the number of foreign citizens among our clients has risen to 75 percent in recent years ... we are forced to only accept customers with German identity cards in order to facilitate proper integration,' it said. The charity announced the change in December and implemented it in mid-January, but it was only widely reported on Thursday, initially by the newspaper Westdeutsche Allgemeine Zeitung (WAZ). The group, like hundreds of similar charities nationwide, collects surplus food that would otherwise be discarded by supermarkets and other businesses to prepare and serve it to the poor. Typically, people have to register to qualify for regular free meals by proving that they are recipients of unemployment or other social benefits. Sartor told the WAZ daily that his charity would maintain the additional demand that new clients show German identity papers to register 'until the balance is restored'. 
966931710762893312	2018-02-23 07:04:19	https://t.co/1KBGVaLQWL	Mind-blowing pictures show thousands of cars stuck in an epic 10km traffic jam in China https://t.co/1KBGVaLQWL	 More than 10,000 cars were caught up in a massive traffic jam in China earlier this week. Over 50,000 travellers were stuck as they waited to get on ferryboats to leave popular tropical island Hainan. According to Chinese news site Sina, the huge queues stretched for around 10 kilometres (6.2 miles) at one point. The congestion was caused by heavy fog over the Qiongzhou Strait in Haikou. Scroll down for video The incredible gridlock took place at the end of China's seven-day national holiday to celebrate Lunar New Year. As a tropical destination, Hainan Island was hugely popular among tourists who were looking for sunshine. In the space of seven days, around five million people swarmed to the island which is roughly the size of Belgium. But when they were trying to return home, they found themselves trapped on the island due to foggy weather as boats could only operate periodically. Huge queues of vehicles were spotted outside of the islands Xiuying Port, Xinhai Port and Nangang Port from the evening of February 19 and by midnight, over 10,000 vehicle had been stuck. As a result of the traffic jam, the price of the flight tickets out of Hainan to major Chinese cities soared up by some 20 times, according to Sina. A mind-boggling video, shared by Kan Kan News, shows endless lines of vehicles being caught up near the piers' entrance. It's said that after the ferry re-opened on the morning of February 20, 30 boats shuttled between the strait to transport nearly 7,000 vehicles over in 4.5 hours. The local government said on February 20 that it would take them another 24 hours to clear the queues. According to Xinhua News Agency, there were still over 10,000 cars waiting to board the ferry by 5pm on February 21. Major traffic jams often happen at the end of major Chinese holidays. Last Lunar New Year, the traffic on Beijing-Hong Kong expressway backed up outside Beijing for some 50 kilometres (31 miles) as people tried to return to the capital city. In October 2015, also in Beijing, motorists were stranded in a 50-lane traffic jam as the week-long National Day holiday wrapped up. The worst traffic jam ever in China took place in 2010 where motorists were caught up in a 60-mile tailback which lasted for more tan 10 days on the Beijing-Tibet Expressway - due to roadworks. 
966918305679269889	2018-02-23 06:11:03	https://t.co/8rSFUX8J12	The surprising cost of inoculations around the world revealed https://t.co/8rSFUX8J12	 Following the announcement that the NHS will soon no longer be providing free prescriptions for some travel-related vaccinations, a fascinating infographic reveals the potential cost for Brits of being inoculated around the world. China proves to be one of the most expensive places to hit if you want to be fully-protected against all eventualities. The charts, compiled by price comparison site TravelSupermarket, show that if you want to be completely safeguarded from tetanus, hepatitis A and B, rabies, typhoid, tick-borne encephalitis, Japanese encephalitis and tuberculosis, your final invoice will come in at an eye-watering £984. Scroll down to see how the cost of travel-related injections vary around the world... Europe Popping to Paris for a saunter around the Tuileries, or treating yourself to a soak and massage in a Turkish bath? First you need to know how much you’ll spend on your travel jabs before you get to the check-in desk. In Europe you could pay up to £954 on jabs if you're heading to Russia, while in France, Spain and Italy no vaccines are required for most travellers. Africa If you’re going to be exploring the varied local wildlife on the vast savannahs of Kenya, or dancing the night away in Senegal’s vibrant capital Dakar, make sure you know how much you’ll need to budget for your travel vaccines before you touch down on your adventure. If you're headed to Kenya, Senegal or Uganda, a full set of vaccinations could cost you £822, Namibia is also a pricey place to hit with a £722 maximum price for jabs. Rabies is one of the most expensive jabs to get, at £165. This is advised but not required for spots included Uganda and Morocco. Asia Unsurprisingly, Asia is a hotspot for young UK tourists and backpackers. It boasts ancient temples, serene gardens, fast-paced cosmopolitan cities and awe-inspiring mountains, (not to mention the mouth-watering local food.) Cost of living is generally low, but make sure you’ve budgeted enough for your vaccines before you go! Indeed, Asia proves to be one of the costliest places to be completely safeguarded, with a comprehensive jab package for China totalling £984. A jab protecting against tick-borne encephalitis is the costliest one to get, coming in at £210. South America One moment you’re in the peaks of Machu Picchu, the next you find yourself adorned in bright feathers for a night of revelry in Rio’s famed carnival! You’ll need to be on good form, so make sure you’ve got your vaccines sorted before you go. It might require a bit of saving before you go however, as a full set of vaccinations for Peru, Ecuador and Bolivia could cost you £664. These jab packages will protect you again conditions including yellow fever, tetanus and typhoid. Inoculations for Columbia come in at around half the price. North America Is the warm and inviting Caribbean island of Puerto Rico calling? Then on to sip mojitos in Cuba? If you’re booking a trip to North America soon, find out how much you’ll need to fork out on vaccines first. If you're headed to the U.S., it's good news as no vaccinations are required. But if you're headed to the Dominican Republic, be prepared for £667 bill for vaccinations, the priciest of the pack being for tuberculosis. Oceania Ready to swap your nine to five for a sandy beach? Whether you’re heading down under for a deep-sea dive in the Great Barrier reef, or ready to take life slow on the remote island of Fiji, make sure you’ve sorted your tropical vaccines first! Getting to Papua New Guinea by plane is expensive in itself but the recommended travel jabs will blow your budget further. If you go the whole hog with jabs for cholera, malaria, hepatitis B, Japanese encephalitis, rabies , tuberculosis, typhoid, tetanus and hepatitis A, expect a bill for £882. At the other end of the scale, a comprehensive vaccine package for New Zealand comes in at £205. 
966903170239574018	2018-02-23 05:10:54	https://t.co/CGG9rU5rVd	How bats carry diseases without getting SICK https://t.co/CGG9rU5rVd	 They drink blood and dwell in caves, but bats are perhaps most feared as vectors of disease. While Ebola would kill a person within days, a bat could carry the virus for years without triggering any symptoms - transmitting it to humans along the way. Now, for the first time, researchers have offered an explanation: the tiny flying mammals have the same immune pathway as humans, but it is dampened. It means that pathogens trigger an immune response in humans that can prove fatal, but in bats their systems are tuned to such a low level that they are protected from disease but barely respond to it. Scroll down for video The secrets behind the vampire bats' ability to survive on such an unusual diet – which is poor in nutrients and carries the risk of transmitting disease – has eluded scientists. This week, researchers revealed new insight on the adaptations that opened the door to the bizarre diet, in what experts say is a 'big evolutionary win.' 'Vampire bats have an 'extreme' diet, in the sense that it requires many adaptations in the organism,' lead author Lisandra Zepeda Mendoza, a biogeneticist at the University of Copenhagen, told AFP. To better understand how these creatures are able to survive only on blood, an international team of scientists analyzed the genome of the common vampire bat along with its microbiome. They discovered that the vampire bat's microbiome is unlike carnivorous, insectivorous, and frugivorous bats. Adaptations in the genome and microbiome linked with processes in metabolism and the immune system were dramatically different than the other species. Vampire bats are equipped with a high number of protective bacteria, which produce antiviral substances to shield them from pathogens, they found. The new study by Wuhan Institute of Virology in China is the latest in a recent slew of developments in bat research. In 2016, scientists sequenced the bat genome for the first time, revealing that bats have the lowest number of interferons (virus-fighting proteins) of any mammal species, but that those proteins remain 'active' even when they aren't diseased. Earlier this week, Danish scientists revealed they had mapped the genome of the vampire bat to show that their unique microbiome allows them to live exclusively off blood without side effects. Now, the Chinese team has looked at 30 bats from various sub-types to find that their STING-interferon pathway, present in all mammals, is unlike any other. The STING (STimulator of INterferon Genes) pathway is overly heightened in humans with autoimmune diseases. It triggers an overt reaction to external elements in the body - or things the STING perceives as external elements - which cripples the sufferer. Comparing bats with 10 other mammal types, including humans and cats and dogs, the researchers found the vilified creatures have the weakest STING of all, giving them an effective defense against disease. 'We believe there is a balance between bats and the pathogens they carry,' says senior author Peng Zhou. 'This work demonstrated that in order to maintain a balance with viruses, bats may have evolved to dampen certain pathways.' He added: 'In human history, we have been chasing infectious diseases one after another, but bats appear to be a 'super-mammal' to these deadly viruses.' Zhou believes this is likely the result of the creatures evolving to be more resistant to disease, since they fly, have long lives and are exposed to many pathogens. 'Adaptation to flight likely caused positive selection of multiple bat innate immune and DNA damage repair genes,' Zhou suggested. 
966887919767117824	2018-02-23 04:10:18	https://t.co/aq5M0NrPG3	2,700-year-old clay seal found in Jerusalem bears the 'signature' of Prophet Isaiah https://t.co/aq5M0NrPG3	 A 2,700-year-old clay seal found in Jerusalem may bear the 'signature' of the biblical prophet Isaiah. Researchers believe the Hebrew script impressed into the clay once read 'Belonging to Isaiah the prophet.' If it did, the clay would be the first direct evidence of the existence Isaiah outside of the Bible. Archaeologists discovered the damaged clay seal during excavations at the Ophel, and area in East Jerusalem in between the 'City of David' archaeological site and the 'Temple Mount'. According to the Hebrew bible, the Torah, Isaiah's call to prophecy roughly coincides with the beginning of the westward expansion of the Assyrian empire. He was a counselor to Judean king Hezekiah and encouraged him to fight against the Assyrian army that arrived in Jerusalem in 701 BC. Archaeologists found the impression of a King Hezekiah seal 10 feet (3 meters) from the Isaiah impression. Isaiah's name ('Yesha'yahu' in Hebrew) is visible on the seal, however damage to the seal has meant that archaeologists are unsure as to whether it refers to the Biblical Prophet Isaiah, or someone else with the same name who lived during that time. 'We appear to have discovered a seal impression, which may have belonged to the prophet Isaiah, in a scientific, archaeological excavation,' Eilat Mazar, an archaeology professor at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, said in an announcement in the Biblical Archaeology Review, which will publish the study associated with the research. If researchers are able to confirm that the seal impression was for the Prophet Isaiah, it 'would be the first archaeological and the earliest extra-biblical reference to the prophet Isaiah ever discovered,' Robert Cargill, an archaologist and professor of classic and religious studies at the University of Iowa, told Live Science. According to Mazar's announcement, the clay seals, called bullae, were created by first placing soft clay on a tied ligature and linen sack or papyrus, whose negative impressions are seen on the bulla's reverse side, and then pressing the seal against the clay. According to the Torah, the Prophet Isaiah lived 700 years before Christ. He was the Prophet after whom the biblical Book of Isaiah is named, and is a contributor to Jewish and Christian traditions. His call to prophecy in 742 BC coincided with the beginning of the westward expansion of the Assyrian empire, when Isaiah encouraged Hezekiah, the 13th kind of Judah, to fight against the Assyrian army that arrived in Jerusalem in 701 BC. Isaiah claimed that the expansion of the Assyrian empire was a warning from God to godless people. The earliest recorded event in his life is his call to prophecy, in the sixth chapter of the Book of Isaiah. The vision that made him a prophet is described as a first person narrative, when he 'saw' God and was overwhelmed by his contact. According to the book, he became aware of God's need for a messenger for Israel's people, and he offered himself up to do this. At the top of the seal, the lower part of a grazing doe is visible, which Mazar wrote is 'a motif of blessing and protection'. The word 'nvy' is also visible in the seal, however, archaeologists are uncertain as to what it means. Mazar wrote that if the word included had included the Hebrew letter 'aleph,' at the end, it would form a word that means prophet. However, when the archaeologists inspected the damaged part of the seal, it didn't show any signs of the letter 'aleph'. Without the letter aleph, Mazar says it's still possible that the word 'nvy' could mean prophet, as there are places in the Torah where prophet is spelled nvy without the alephy. Mazar wrote that 'nvy' could also be a personal name referring to a different Isaiah and not the Prophet. The Ophel site excavations were sponsored by Daniel Mintz and Meredith Berkman of New York.
966870503066624000	2018-02-23 03:01:06	https://t.co/8UpTezgymg	Fears acid rain from could DISSOLVE 4,000-year-old Mayan temples in Mexico within the next century https://t.co/8UpTezgymg	 Acid rain is slowly destroying priceless ancient monuments and temples in Mexico. The rain, caused by pollution, could lead to the complete destruction of some Mayan inscriptions within 100 years. Experts in Mexico have warned that the rain could wipe out some of the country's most treasured heritage sites, some of which are around 4,000 years old. Dr Pablo Sanchez, from the Centre of Atmospheric Studies at the National Autonomous University of Mexico in Mexico City, said: 'In 100 years' time all the inscriptions and writing on the walls and pillars could be lost.' The damage occurs as the Mayan ruins are built from limestone, which contains calcium carbonate, a chemical that quickly dissolves in acid rain. The rain occurs when pollution mixes with rain clouds, lowering the pH level of the water when it falls to the ground. Mexico City has struggled with pollution for decades, and was listed as the world's most polluted city in 1992. Experts at Mayan sites are struggling to find a solution to the acid rain problem as they cannot cover the limestone with a protective film. Dr Sanchez said: 'The limestone has to be breathe, absorbing humidity and water and, if you cover it with a sealing layer, it provokes an acceleration of the erosion.' For hundreds of years the Mayans dominated large parts of the Americas until, mysteriously in the 8th and 9th century AD, a large chunk of the Mayan civilisation collapsed. The reason for this collapse has been hotly debated, but now scientists say they might have an answer - an intense drought that lasted a century. Studies of sediments in the Great Blue Hole in Belize suggest a lack of rains caused the disintegration of the Mayan civilisation, and a second dry spell forced them to relocate elsewhere. The theory that a drought led to a decline of the Mayan Classic Period is not entirely new, but the new study co-authored by Dr André Droxler from Rice University in Texas provides fresh evidence for the claims. Dozens of theories have attempted to explain the Classic Maya Collapse, from epidemic diseases to foreign invasion. With his team Dr Droxler found that from 800 to 1000 AD, no more than two tropical cyclones occurred every two decades, when usually there were up to six. This suggests major droughts occurred in these years, possibly leading to famines and unrest among the Mayan people. And they also found that a second drought hit from 1000 to 1100 AD, corresponding to the time that the Mayan city of Chichén Itzá collapsed. Researchers say a climate reversal and drying trend between 660 and 1000 AD triggered political competition, increased warfare, overall sociopolitical instability, and finally, political collapse - known as the Classic Maya Collapse. This was followed by an extended drought between AD 1020 and 1100 that likely corresponded with crop failures, death, famine, migration and, ultimately, the collapse of the Maya population. The scientist told reporters in Mexico that the pollution responsible for the acid rain may not necessarily be produced in the country. Pollution can travel thousands of miles before affecting rain, so its origin cannot be traced. Mayan civilisation is thought to have begun around 1800 BC and lasted until 1697, when it was conquered by Spanish invaders. Mexico received over 11.4 million tourists in 2017, and Mayan temples are one the country's main tourist attractions. The period known as the Middle and Late Formative (900 BC - 900 AD) was one of increased cultural regionalism in Mexico. The Zapotec people for example produced the first writing and written calendar. Their civilisation started in Oaxaca around 2,300 years ago. They had a separate and distinctive culture from the Maya and the Toltec and the Aztec. Experts believed Zapotec people played a sacred ritual ball game which was enjoyed by many pre-Hispanic peoples in Mesoamerica. The game was a cross between football and basketball and involved hitting a rubber ball around a court. It sometimes ended in sacrificial death for the losers. At the time, the Maya, Zapotec, Totonac and Teotihuancan civilisations were all becoming more distinct. The Maya created astronomy, mathematics, calendar making and hieroglyphic writing, writes Britannica. They also developed big cities with temples, pyramids and places for playing ball games. Before the Spanish conquest it was believed the Maya had one of the most advanced civilisations of the Western Hemisphere. The monuments are not the only Mexican heritage sites threatened by pollution. Earlier this week it was revealed that pollution is threatening the recently mapped Sac Actun cave system in the Yucatan Peninsula. The vast underground network could be the most important underwater archaeological site in the world, according to experts in Mexico. Some of the oldest human remains on the continent have been found there, dating back more than 12,000 years, and now-extinct animal remains push the horizon back to 15,000 years. But pollution and development may threaten the caves' crystalline water, Subaquatic archaeologist Dr Guillermo de Anda said on Monday. Some of the sinkhole lakes that today serve as entrances to the cave system are used by tourists to snorkel and swim. And the main highway in the Caribbean coast state of Quintana Roo runs right over some parts of cave network. That roadway has been known to collapse into sinkholes. Also, the cave with the stone-encased skull has high acidity levels, suggesting acidic runoff from a nearby open-air dump could damage skeletal remains. For hundreds of years the Mayans dominated large parts of the Americas. They mysteriously collapsed in the 8th or 9th century AD, with disease, flooding and foreign invaders all credited with the civilisation's demise. The Maya created astronomy, mathematics, calendar making and hieroglyphic writing, writes Britannica. They also developed big cities with temples, pyramids and places for playing ball games. Before the Spanish conquest it was believed the Maya had one of the most advanced civilisations of the Western Hemisphere. 
966855411348508673	2018-02-23 02:01:08	https://t.co/MkjFUE7K0D	Baffled wives share their husband’s RIDICULOUS household fails https://t.co/MkjFUE7K0D	 If you want something done, sometimes it's best to do it yourself, as the saying goes, and these hilarious photos from around the world seem to prove it. Exasperated women have taken to social media to share hilarious pictures of their husbands' household fails, showing the bizarre ways baffled men have interpreted their partners' directions. One hilarious picture shows how a misunderstanding over a numbered shopping resulted in multiples of every product being bought. Another image shows a cheeky father placing his daughter's hair in a bread roll, after being asked to style it in a 'bun'. And a DIY shy man opted for a shortcut by fixing the broken toilet flush with a roll of sticky tape.
966840299451506689	2018-02-23 01:01:05	https://t.co/5wk01EEdD0	Never-before-seen structure has been discovered in the tails of human sperm https://t.co/5wk01EEdD0	 A never-before-seen structure has been discovered in the tails of human sperm. Using Noble Prize-winning technology, scientists found spirals within the tubes of sperms' tails. Study author Davide Zabeo from the University of Gothenburg, said: 'We believe that this spiral may act as a cork inside the microtubules [a collection of tubes], preventing them from growing and shrinking as they would normally do, and instead allowing the sperm's energy to be fully focused on swimming quickly towards the egg.' Sperms' tails play a critical role in their ability to swim and consequently fertilise an egg. It is unclear if the spiral discovery could pave the way for future fertility treatments. Weight-loss surgery could make men infertile, research suggested in October 2017. Semen abnormalities occur in 57.1 per cent of men after they undergo bariatric surgery, a study found. Only four per cent of the study's 79 participants fathered children after having the procedure, compared to 13 per cent before, the research adds. Dr Edward Lin, editor-in-chief of the journal Bariatric Surgical Practice and Patient Care, which published the study, said: 'This study is one important piece in solving the puzzle of male infertility. 'The challenge is to see if correcting hormonal and micronutrient aberrations are enough to reverse male infertility.' The researchers, from the Hospital das Clinicas in São Paulo, analysed men who were attempting to conceive with their partner. Of the study's participants, 23 were followed for at least five years after having bariatric surgery; 23 for two years after having the operation; 18 were obese but did not have the procedure; and 15 were of a healthy weight. All of the participants completed a questionnaire asking them about their sexual quality of life. They were also assessed for their blood glucose, testosterone, vitamin D, zinc and semen levels. 'We spotted something we had never seen before' The researchers used cryo-electron tomography, which produces 3D images of cellular structures and was awarded a Nobel Prize in 2017. Lead author Johanna Höög said: 'Since the cells are depicted frozen in ice, without the addition of chemicals which can obscure the smallest cell structures, even individual proteins inside the cell can be observed.' The scientists initially set out to uncover what human sperm cells look like in 3D. Ms Höög added: 'When we looked at the first 3D images of the very end section of a sperm tail, we spotted something we had never seen before inside the microtubules: spiral that stretched in from the tip of the sperm and was about a tenth of the length of the tail.' The findings were published in the journal Scientific Reports. What was already known about human sperm-tails' structure? Sperm tails consist of around 1,000 building blocks, including structures known as tubulins, which form long tubes. Attached to these tubes are moving molecules called motorproteins. These pull and bend sperm tails, enabling them to swim. Ms Höög said: 'It's actually quite incredible that it can work. 'The movement of thousands of motorproteins has to be coordinated in the minutest of detail in order for the sperm to be able to swim.' Declining sperm counts could be a ticking time bomb for the human race This comes after research released in October 2017 suggested declining sperm counts and doubling rates of testicular cancer could be a ticking time bomb for the human race. Sperm counts have halved in the western world over the past four decades, which, alongside rising testicular tumours, could be behind plummeting fertility rates and couples' increasing dependency on IVF, according to Professor Niels Skakkebaek from the University of Copenhagen. Hormone-disrupting pesticides sprayed onto everyday food may be too blame as the changes are occurring too rapidly for genetics to be at fault, he adds. Professor Skakkebaek added: 'Alterations in our genome cannot explain the observations as changes have occurred over just a couple of generations. 'Modern lifestyles are associated with increased exposure to various endocrine-disrupting chemicals such as pesticides that may be harmful to humans even though exposure to individual chemicals is low.' 
966835272716517376	2018-02-23 00:41:06	https://t.co/tEqC6y6LUq	Stunning images of rainbows guaranteed to brighten your day up https://t.co/tEqC6y6LUq https://t.co/vB1bFYydaU	 Spotting a rainbow can brighten the greyest of days, as these images show. MailOnline Travel recently witnessed a rainbow from the air while taking off from Ushuaia airport at the tip of the Argentina, with the coloured rays rising up from the mountainous scenery behind. Others have been equally lucky to see rainbows in the sky during a flight or while using a drone. One photographer captured the Victoria Falls in South Africa with a coloured arc forming in the clouds of fine spray. Another eagle-eyed photographer took a breathtaking panorama of a band of colour raining down over the winding Sella Pass mountain road between the provinces of Trentino and South Tyrol in Italy. Scroll down for some top views of rainbows that hopefully will bring a little brightness your way... 
966825193183285250	2018-02-23 00:01:03	https://t.co/tZfdRjeeOd	Ancient dice weren't as fair as they are today https://t.co/tZfdRjeeOd	 If you were to play a game of dice in Ancient Roman times, chances are you'd have a fat chance at winning. That's because ancient dice were purposely rigged, thanks to their lopsided, imperfect design, scientists say. A team of researchers from the University of California, Davis discovered that the shape of dice changed over the past 2,000 years as our beliefs in fate, fairness and chance evolved. During Ancient Roman times, dice players were often influenced by 'supernatural' beliefs. For example, they believed rolling three sixes at once signified the Roman goddess Venus. They uncovered this by studying more than 100 examples of dice ranging from the fourth century to about 1450. In today's world, we assume that dice are fair, where every number has an equal probability of being rolled. But that simply wasn't the case for dice made before 400 AD The earliest dice were brought by the Romans to the Netherlands in the first few centuries after the death of Christ, according to the scientists. During this period, dice were 'highly variable in all attributes'. No two die looked the same, as they ranged in size, shape and material. Some were flatter than others, while a few had a longer shape that meant they'd fall on a certain number more often than others. The objects were made of a variety of materials, including metal, clay, bone, antler or ivory. Dice also were often 'unbalanced' in the configuration of numbers, meaning that they don't follow the modern pattern. 'Two additional configurations, 'Primes' (1-2, 3-4, 5-6), where opposite sides add to unique prime numbers and 'Turned' (1-3, 2-4, 5-6), where the die is turned along one rotational axis to place the numbers sequentially, are also found in ancient dice worldwide in higher-than-expected frequencies,' the study explains. Ancient dice also had different 'pip styles,' where instead of using simple marks or dots, the dice would sometimes feature dots with two rings around them. It's unclear if it mattered to players whether or not the dice were fair. However, it seems that in Roman times, dice manifested 'supernatural' beliefs, such as gods or the weather, according to the Atlantic. For example, high rolls were associated with benevolence and felicity, while rolling three sixes at once was called a Venus. 'Dice potentially played an important role in conceptualizing divine action in the world,' said archaeologist Ellen Swift, the Atlantic noted. A team of researchers from the University of California, Davis studied more than 100 examples of dice from the last 2,000-plus years Dice were brought by the Romans to the Netherlands in the fourth century At the time, dice varied in shape, size, material and other factors This reflects the fact that people viewed games of dice as something governed by fate, instead of fairness or chance But by the Renaissance period, dice began to take on a more uniform shape Here's how they differed through the years: However, by the Renaissance period, dice began to change. Around 1450, dice makers and players began to figure out that form affected function, said Jelmer Eerkens, the study's lead author. 'A new worldview was emerging - the Renaissance,' Eerkens explained. 'People like Galileo and Blaise Pascal were developing ideas about chance and probability, and we know from written records in some cases they were actually consulting with gamblers,' 'We think users of dice also adopted new ideas about fairness, and chance or probability in games,' he added. Dice observed in Renaissance times took on a 'sevens' number configuration, where one and six are opposite, as are three and four and five and two, so that each set of sides adds up to seven. The dice also became smaller as time went on. People realized that standardizing the attributes of die, like shape and number configuration, may be one way to decrease the likelihood of a player using the dice's design to cheat, Eerkens said. It's no coincidence that there were noticeable changes in dice design over the years. 'In this case, we believe it follows changing ideas about chance and fate,' Eerkens noted. Ultimately, dice players realized that the game wasn't governed by fate, but rather probability and chance. 'Gamblers may have seen dice throws as no longer determined by fate, but instead as randomizing objects governed by chance,' the researchers concluded. 
966815137758892032	2018-02-22 23:21:06	https://t.co/YFm0OlMsFW	Coach driver TICKLES tourists with his unique gear changing technique https://t.co/YFm0OlMsFW	 This is the hilarious moment a tourist captures the gentle way a coach driver changes gears. It is unclear where the footage was filmed, although it was shared on a Portugese Facebook page. The clip shows the driver very delicately changing gears as the coach moves. The driver seems extremely relaxed as the coach meanders down the street. The clip was posted to a Facebook page titled Club do MB1113, which seems to be a collection of people posting travel-related videos. Every time he changes gears, he can be seen touching the gear stick extremely gently, before letting go with a spectacular flourish. The amusing footage has proven to be popular online, with more than 400,000 shares on Facebook. It also has more than 300 comments, making the flamboyant coach driver even more of a star. The weather may have been a factor in his happy mood, as you can see bright sunlight and beautiful green spaces as the coach travels down the road. The tourists also seem to be enjoying themselves as they record the driver. At one point, you can see his face on the camera and he has a calm expression as he looks utterly relaxed while shifting gears. It's unknown why he has adopted the amusing technique but with coach drivers typically travelling on long and arduous routes, it's likely he is just trying to stave off boredom. 
966810105655197696	2018-02-22 23:01:06	https://t.co/78uiWWSjmm	14 signs of emotional abuse: From controlling your clothes to making you feel guilty https://t.co/78uiWWSjmm	 Domestic abusers are more likely to be sent to jail in the future due to changes to sentencing guidelines in the UK. Campaigners have hailed the tougher punishments as a 'major step forward'. From May this year, courts will be told to take domestic offences in the home more seriously than similar offences that take place elsewhere, because they represent a 'violation of trust and security' normally associated with intimate and family relationships. This contrasts sharply with guidelines issued 12 years ago which state offences in a domestic context should be seen as 'no less serious' than others. The Sentencing Council has emphasized that crimes involving serious violence, or where the emotional and psychological damage is severe, will usually see the perpetrator jailed. For the first time, forms of abuse using technology such as social media will also now be taken into consideration. 'There may be a continuing threat to the victim's safety, and in the worst cases a threat to their life or the lives of others around them', it said. The Sentencing Council also said that offences should be taken more seriously because domestic abuse is rarely a one-off incident, with the danger of victims and their children to suffer 'lasting trauma'. 'These sentencing guidelines better reflect the reality of domestic violence today', said Refugeabout the new recognition of how abusers exploit modern technology to track and torment women. According to Women's Aid, an estimated 1.3 million British women experienced domestic abuse in the last year (for the year ending March 2016). A third of American women experience domestic abuse at some point during their lifetime. But 'these data do not take into account important context and impact information', such as who experienced abuse in context of power and control. There is growing awareness around the signs of emotional abuse, as well as physical violence. 'Emotional abuse can be insidious, creeping into your relationship and gradually undermining your self-belief and confidence', says psychotherapist Sally Brown. 'Emotional abusers can be skilled at convincing you that everything is your fault, so you start to question yourself, and no longer trust your gut instinct – you may even feel you are going crazy.' Some of the signs are more obvious than others, but here are 14 that Sally Brown says you should never ignore. 1. You are mocked Your other half loves to tell 'funny' stories at your expense – whether it's how hopeless you are at managing money/driving/being organised, or how you always overdo it/make a fool of yourself at social events. If you object, you are accused of having no sense of humour or being oversensitive. You start to wonder if the digs and jibes really are just teasing and you're missing the joke. The easy way to tell – when your partner makes one of these 'jokes' in public, does anyone laugh or is there an uncomfortable silence? If a joke makes others uncomfortable, your partner is telling it to undermine you. 2. You feel guilty all the time You feel guilty or slightly ashamed all the time without knowing what about. You become hyper-vigilant by monitoring your behaviour to avoid giving your partner a reason to criticise you; a feeling of 'walking on eggshells'. But the goalposts seem to move all the time so you never know how you will irritate or disappoint him next. The irony is, an abuser can even make you feel guilty for their own bad behaviour – they got drunk because you 'upset them' or 'stressed them out', or you're just 'being jealous' over their flirting. 3. Suddenly you need 'protecting' If you go out without your partner you're either given a curfew or they insist on picking you up. They ask you to Snapchat a picture of who you are with when you get there. They tell you they are just taking care of you, but really, they are checking up on you, and keeping you on a leash that will just get shorter and shorter. 4. They makes grand gestures When an abusive partner knows they have overstepped the line and you are questioning the relationship, get ready for a grand gesture – an expensive meal out, a surprise weekend away, an unexpected gift or bunch of flowers. The original problem remains unresolved, or not even acknowledged – a grand gesture buys your silence, and your part of the deal is not to insist on talking things through. 5. You're being gaslighted Gradually, you get the feeling that things just don't quite add up – your partner contradicts something they have told you previously, or you suspect you're not getting the whole picture (about their last relationship or why they left their last job). They may also deny doing or saying something that you clearly remember, but they deny it with such conviction and confidence that you start to doubt yourself. This insidious form of manipulation is called 'gaslighting', and it's designed to make you doubt your mental health. 6. They burst your bubble You come home full of excitement because a great business opportunity has come your way or you've been asked to get involved with a project you feel passionate about. But your partner immediately throws cold water on your plans, telling you all the ways that things would go wrong, or that it's a bad idea – or he starts a completely unrelated argument just to burst your bubble. In future, you gradually find yourself not sharing your ideas and successes with them, because you know you won't get a positive reaction. 7. Backhanded compliments are their stock in trade When you first met, you felt flattered by the attention your partner paid to how you look. But as time goes by, the compliments have become few and far between, replaced by comments about how 'wrong' your look is – that top doesn't suit you, you're putting on weight, what's going on with your hair? If you object, you're once again being 'oversensitive'. 8. They have no empathy If you talk about a problem at work, you're 'over-reacting'. You are allowed a short time to vent about major upsets, then you are expected to 'get over it' (so you can focus your energy and attention once again on your partner and their needs). Some emotional abusers disappear when you need them most, or become extra critical. 9. You're always in the wrong Whether it was something you said six months ago, not telling your partner something that they believe they have a right to know, or letting them down in some way (putting your needs before theirs), an abusive partner will keep a mental tally and regularly remind you of your crimes. They may even add things that happened before you met, encouraging you to be 'honest' about your past sexual history, for instance, only to later use that information as evidence of your badness. 10. The purse-strings tighten Controlling you financially is a classic tactic of an abusive partner; something known as financial abuse. They may have started by giving you advice that really helps, helping you sort out debts, or being more financially responsible. Soon, your partner steps up the pressure to 'be careful' with money. But somehow, it seems like it's always you who has to cut back, earn more and stop spending. Your partner doesn't consult you before they spend money. But if there's something you want, particularly if it involves a threat to your partner's control over you, like training for your career, or a weekend away with friends, there will be a reason why you can't afford it. 11. Others become involved When you met, your partner had plausible explanations for their feuds and fallings-out with friends and family members. But now it's your friends and family that are 'insulting', 'attacking', or 'trying to sideline' your partner and you are under pressure to take sides. Whatever the reason, your life together seems to lurch from drama to drama. 12. People think you've changed People who care about you say you seem quiet these days, or just not yourself. They wonder why you rarely go out or why you've changed the way you dress. And you find it hard to give them an explanation. 13. You look forward to evenings on your own You notice your mood is lighter one day and you remember that it's the night your partner is going out and you get an evening to yourself. Or, they tell you they have to go away for work in a couple of weeks and you find yourself looking forward to it. When your partner is not around, you feel like a weight has been lifted from your shoulders. 14. He/she is stonewalling you Your partner can withdraw emotionally from you for days, not making eye contact, not talking, and refusing to explain why (while at the same time, managing to let you know that whatever it is, it is your fault). They may even disappear for days. When they come back, they will tell you they just needed 'some space'. But you may never find out what was really going on. This article was originally published by Healthista 
966805058351501312	2018-02-22 22:41:02	https://t.co/gDw8T5ti9t	Actress clashes heads with her three-year-old son while filming an intense dance routinehttps://t.co/gDw8T5ti9t	 An Argentinean actress and singer, who previously dated tennis ace Juan Martin del Potro, released footage of a dance video that saw her clash heads with her young son. Jimena Baron released footage, recorded in a hotel in Punta del Este in Uruguay, to her 3.1 million social media fans. The 30-year-old was recording an intense dance video with her three-year-old son at the time. In the footage, Baron and her three-year-old son Morrison appear from behind a door while dancing to music. They are accompanied by another girl who was not named. As the singer performs a dance move and brings her head down, she accidentally clashes with her son and they end up on the carpet holding their foreheads. Luckily, they were both fine and Baron uploaded the video with the message: 'Super fail. We screwed up the dance step, but we are okay. Relax.' She jokingly signed off as 'Best Mum 2018'. The video has been viewed 1.6 million times and received 13,000 comments. Jimena Baron shares little Morrison with her former partner, ex-Juventus footballer Daniel Osvaldo. She was recently in a relationship with the Argentine tennis star Juan Martin del Potro, but they announced their separation after one year together. The actress and model explained that their careers were preventing them from seeing each other. Baron said: 'When we first met, he loved my cooking and music, and he supported me a lot, but being in a half-hearted relationship was never an option for either of us. 'With our careers, we are both finding it hard and there is no point in having a tough time.'
966800028147896320	2018-02-22 22:21:03	https://t.co/4KjHdxE87o	Police seize 400kg of cocaine worth £35 million from the Russian embassy in Buenos Aireshttps://t.co/4KjHdxE87o	 A police officer and a former Russian diplomatic official are among those arrested after authorities seized a large cocaine shipment at the Russian embassy in Buenos Aires. Security Minister Patricia Bullrich said that 860 pounds (389 kilograms) of the drug were hidden inside diplomatic luggage. The investigation began after Victor Koronelli, the Russian ambassador to the South American country, and three members of the Russian federal security service, reported to Bullrich that they had suspicions about the luggage found at a school annex of the embassy. Once authorities confirmed that there were drugs inside the 16 pieces of luggage, they devised a plan to catch the criminals. They swapped cocaine for flour and placed a GPS to track the luggage and the luggage was flown to Russia in 2017. Bullrich said three Argentine customs officials traveled to Russia to monitor the delivery, and that Ishtimir Khudzhmov and Vladimir Kalmykov, were arrested when they went to pick up the cargo. A suspect, who Bullrich only referred to as 'K,' was in charge of buying the drug, and introducing it to the embassy in Argentina. He is still at large in Germany and is wanted under an international arrest warrant. The logistics were also coordinated by former embassy official Ali Abyanov, who was arrested in his Moscow apartment. Russian-Argentine citizens Alexander Chikalo, suspected of being in charge of the logistics, and police officer Ivan Blizniouk, who is accused of providing contacts to jump through customs controls, were seized in Argentina. Bullrich said the drugs were discovered had a street value of around $50 million (£35 million). 'A gang of narco-criminals was trying to use the diplomatic courier service of the Russian embassy' to ship the drugs to Europe, she said. 'The cocaine was replaced by flour and monitoring devices were placed to monitor delivery' of the 16 bags of the drug, Bullrich said. The drug, of 'very high purity,' was destined for Russia and probably also Germany, where the suspected mastermind lives. 'We believe the German police will arrest this fugitive,' Bullrich said. 'This has been one of the most complex and extravagant drug-dealing operations that Argentina has faced', Bullrich said at a press conference. 'At 3 a.m. we had to send people from the border police to buy the 389 kilograms of wheat to the central market because no one had 389 kilograms in a warehouse. The drugs never traveled to Russia. Only the flour traveled.' The minister said Russian security service agents 'came to Argentina on three occasions to assist in the investigation' that took more than a year. One of the two people arrested in Argentina is a naturalized Russian who was a member of the police force in Buenos Aires, said Bullrich. Investigators believe the cocaine likely originated in Colombia or Peru. 
966795000574070784	2018-02-22 22:01:04	https://t.co/hOTxHcfdIk	Creative Neanderthals invented art 20,000 years BEFORE modern man, world’s oldest cave paintings reveal https://t.co/hOTxHcfdIk	 Neanderthals have long had a reputation for being dimwits, but a new study suggests our ancient cousins were far more artistic than first thought. Cave paintings of swirling dots, ladders, animals and outlines of hands- in vivid scarlet and black - have been discovered to be their handiwork, according to new research. The cave paintings in Spain were previously thought to have been the work of our modern human ancestors, Homo sapiens. The study suggests Neanderthals invented art 20,000 years before modern humans thought of daubing pictures of prehistoric bison on cave walls. The art was found deep inside three separate caverns in Spain some 434 (700km) miles apart: La Pasiega in the north, Maltravieso in central Spain, and Ardales in the south. Professor Alistair Pike, from the University of Southampton, one of the authors of the research, published in Science said: 'Ever since Neanderthal fossils were found in the 19th century, they have had a bad press. 'In fact, the original name for Neanderthals was proposed as Homo stupidus, the stupid human. 'And people have portrayed them as incapable of symbolic thought. 'What we have found here is evidence of Neanderthal painting. Not just smearing something on the wall, but painting something on the wall which represents something.' Archaeologist and joint lead researcher Dr Chris Standish, from the University of Southampton, said: 'Our results show that the paintings we dated are, by far, the oldest known cave art in the world, and were created at least 20,000 years before modern humans arrived in Europe from Africa - therefore they must have been painted by Neanderthals.' Scientists previously thought it was an 'impossible coincidence' that Neanderthals were making cave art at the same time when 'modern humans were already in or at the gates of Europe'. The Neanderthals must have copied Homo sapiens, the thinking went. Now study co-author Professor Paul Pettitt, from the University of Durham, said other cave art may now be found to be made by Neanderthal hands - rather than Homo sapiens. He said: 'Neanderthals created meaningful symbols in meaningful places. The art is not a one-off accident. 'It's in the depths of caves, where they have to be one assumes, for ritual purpose. This is outside of their normal living zone.' He added: 'It is quite possible that similar cave art in other caves in western Europe is of Neanderthal origin as well.' The dating method involved sampling ultra-thin carbonate deposits built up over time on top of the paintings. Scientists used a method more accurate than carbon dating involving measuring traces of the radioactive element uranium and thorium. The traditional view The traditional 'Out of Africa' model suggests that modern humans evolved in Africa and then left in a single wave around 60,000 years ago. The model often holds once modern humans left the continent, a brief period of interbreeding with Neanderthals occurred. This explains why individuals of European and Asian heritage today still have ancient human DNA. There are many theories as to what drove the downfall of the Neanderthals. Experts have suggested that early humans may have carried tropical diseases with them from Africa that wiped out their ape-like cousins. Others claim that plummeting temperatures due to climate change wiped out the Neanderthals. The predominant theory is that early humans killed off the Neanderthal through competition for food and habitat. How the story is changing in light of new research Recent findings suggest that the 'Out of Africa' theory does not tell the full story of our ancestors. Instead, multiple, smaller movements of humans out of Africa beginning 120,000 years ago were then followed by a major migration 60,000 years ago. Most of our DNA is made up of this latter group, but the earlier migrations, also known as 'dispersals', are still evident. This explains recent studies of early human remains which have been found in the far reaches of Asia dating back further than 60,000 years. For example, H. sapiens remains have been found at multiple sites in southern and central China that have been dated to between 70,000 and 120,000 years ago. Other recent finds show that modern humans reached Southeast Asia and Australia prior to 60,000 years ago. Based on these studies, humans could not have come in a single wave from Africa around this time, studies have found. Instead, the origin of man suggests that modern humans developed in multiple regions around the world. The theory claims that groups of a pre-human ancestors made their way out of Africa and spread across parts of Europe and the Middle East. From here the species developed into modern humans in several places at once. The argument is by a new analysis of a 260,000-year-old skull found in Dali County in China's Shaanxi Province. The skull suggests that early humans migrated to Asia, where they evolved modern human traits and then moved back to Africa. By calculating the relative levels of both elements, scientists can work out precisely how much time has passed, as uranium transforms into thorium by a process of radioactive decay at a precise rate. As the samples were on top, it indicates that what lies beneath must be older than the deposit. And in a separate Spanish cave, at Cueva de los Aviones, in south-east Spain scientists have found even older evidence of early decorative art. Researchers found seashells with drilled holes stained red for use as pendants - dating to 115,000 years ago. Uranium-Thorium dating is a way of determining the age of a rock by the amount of radioactive Thorium it contains. This method can be used to determine the age of calcium carbonate materials, such as coral. Scientists can measure the amount of Thorium-230 in a sample of rock, if the rock contained Uranium originally. Uranium is often found in trace amounts in certain types of rock and is radioactive. It has a half-life (the amount of time it takes for the elements radioactivity to decrease by half) of about 245,000 years. At this point it undergoes alpha decay (it releases an alpha particle, which is also the same as the nucleus of a Helium atom) and forms Thorium-230. Thorium has a much shorter half-life of 75,000 years. Unlike other types of radioactive dating, Uranium-Thorium (U-Th) dating doesn't reach a stable end point. Instead, the decay of Thorium and the production of Thorium reach a form of balance - called secular equilibrium. Again the shells can only be the work of Neanderthals, as Homo sapiens were not present. The early impression of Neanderthals being primitive was based on a reconstruction of a skeleton by French researcher Marcellin Boule in 1911. Critics later found that the bow-legged gorilla-like creature he created was not based on a healthy Neanderthal - but one with arthritis. But the damage had already been done - and to be a Neanderthal remains an insult to this day. Criticisms of Neanderthal's limited brain power were made just last month - Professor Richard Coss, a psychologist and artist at the University of California suggested that Neanderthal's lack of figurative art may have meant that they had poor hand-eye co-ordination - and were not as good at throwing spears. Neanderthals became extinct around 38,000 years ago for reasons that are still not clear. Two leading theories are an inability to adapt to climate change and competition from our ancestors. Or possibly they may simply have been 'assimilated' into the growing modern human population. Painting is the latest ability likely to be found to have been carried out by Neanderthals. It is known that Neanderthals lived in large social groups, carried out burials, and survived in the tough conditions of the Ice Age. Discoveries in Gorham's cave in Gibraltar dating to 40,000 years ago show a far less sophisticated design - a simple criss-cross pattern engraved in the rocks like a noughts and crosses grid thought to be by Neanderthals - but there was no sign of paint. Research from earlier this week concluded that Neanderthals likely went extinct due to their poor hand-eye co-ordination. Professor Richard Coss, a psychologist and artist at the University of California, said: 'Neanderthals could mentally visualise previously seen animals from working memory, but they were unable to translate those mental images effectively into the coordinated hand-movement patterns required for drawing.' Researchers studying caves in Spain in an independent project found other examples of early Neanderthal artistic flare. Dyed and decorated marine shells – items of assigned value that serve as proxies for the presence of language – date back to times before the known appearance of modern humans in the region. Combined with the cave art found, the reports suggest that Neanderthals exhibited complex symbolic communication systems Neanderthal art is not known for being impressive. Unlike Homo sapiens, our ancient cousins were unable to draw recognisable images of animals or people. Research published in February, 2018, claimed this lack of artistic ability was closely related to Neanderthals' inferior hunting skills. Both drawing and hunting requires hand-eye coordination, which Neanderthals lacked - a fact that scientists say may have led to their extinction. Neanderthals mainly lived in Eurasia between 120,000 and 35,000 years ago. They used thrusting spears at close range to kill horses, reindeer, bison, and other large game that had not developed an innate wariness of humans. Meanwhile, early humans hunted dangerous prey using throwing spears in sub-Saharan Africa for more than 500,000 years. Professor Richard Coss, a psychologist and artist at the University of California, believes that as animals caught onto early Homo sapiens’ hunting tactics in Africa, our ancestors had to move away from thrusting spears into prey and start throwing spears instead. This made hunters better at visualisation and, as a result, they developed a bigger parietal cortex - the area of the brain that integrates visual input and motor skills. This meant that they could also make art about hunting which in turn acted as a type of practice for our ancestors, as it developed their hand-eye coordination. Professor Coss, who taught drawing classes early in his academic career, used photos and film to study the stroke of charcoal drawings and engravings of animals made by humans 28,000 to 32,000 years ago in the Chauvet-Pont-d'Arc Cave in southern France. The advent of drawing also may have set the stage for cultural changes, giving early humans the ability to share mental images with other members of their tribe. While Neanderthals could mentally visualise previously seen animals from their memory, they were unable to translate these images effectively into the coordinated hand-movement patterns required for drawings. The theory that Neanderthals practised art is based on small number of examples, such as one found in the back of Gorham’s Cave, Gibraltar. The research was published in the journal Evolutionary Studies in Imaginative Culture. 
966792476752216064	2018-02-22 21:51:03	https://t.co/9LjJyy7AsJ	Cheeky cat slaps its owner in the face as she poses for a kissing selfie https://t.co/9LjJyy7AsJ	 This is the hilarious moment a cat slapped its owner in the face as she posed for a selfie with it. The video, recorded in Yakutsk, Russia, shows the woman pouting at the camera as she waits for her cat to give her a kiss. But the feline is not in the mood at all and springs forward, smacking its owner in the face. The brutal video is just six seconds long but shows the entire hilarious exchange. The woman looks to be preparing for a cat kissing selfie, and she is pointing the camera at her face. She pouts, looking backwards, waiting for her pet to give her a kiss or at least get closer to the camera. The feline notices its owner and stalks towards her, crawling forward slowly, almost as if it has spotted prey. The woman is oblivious to the impending pain she is about to experience and holds her pouty pose, waiting for the cat. In a hilarious twist, the cat pauses near her shoulder and plants its feet, drawing back its paw and setting itself. It then jumps forward and smacks the woman in the face, with an audible crack. The cheeky feline then jumps back, springing out of the way of any possible retaliation. But its owner takes it in good spirit, bursting into laughter as the camera jerks and the clip ends.
966789968558546946	2018-02-22 21:41:05	https://t.co/hjrbsQcNn9	Fearless little dog dodges three predatory wolves by jumping through a narrow gap in the fence https://t.co/hjrbsQcNn9	 This is the extraordinary moment a brave little dog dodges three wolves and escapes through a narrow gap in the fence as they bite at it. The stunning video was filmed by zoologist Paolo Forconi at the Abruzzo National Park in Pescasseroli, Italy. In the heart-stopping footage it looks as if the dog is destined to be devoured by the predators, but it proves to be too quick witted for the wolves and, according to the zoologist, it later kills a chicken to celebrate its escape. The footage shows three young but fierce wolves, about nine months old, chasing the much smaller dog. The predators and their prey can be seen facing off in a tense moment before the dog springs away, dashing through the snow. The sleek, deadly wolves chase after it but he manages to keep them away. The wolves nip at the dog and bite it twice. The dog, however, thanks to the little experience of the wolves and the relative weakness of their bites, manages to escape, exploiting a hole in the fence. 'The dog is saved', Paolo Forconi confirmed on Facebook. It can be seen leaping through the small gap in the fence, with the wolves watching it flee in disappointment. In a stunning twist, the dog later goes from hunted to hunter after stumbling across a farm. Mr Forconi said he saw the dog sneak into a fenced area among goats and chickens. He said: ' In the short time I watched it, the dog killed a chicken in front of the owner who didn't make it on time to save the chicken.' The footage was uploaded to Facebook by Mr Forconi on February 17 and currently has more than 100,000 views. 
966787478442082304	2018-02-22 21:31:11	https://t.co/Ktsput7Zum	Shedding TEARS could help tell if you have Parkinson's disease, new study found https://t.co/Ktsput7Zum	 Shedding tears could help tell if you have Parkinson's disease, a new study found. Biomarkers could be simply detected in tears enabling doctors to diagnose the neurological illness that affects one in 500 people. Scientists found there were minute differences in the levels of a particular protein shed in tears. The test could help detect the disease years before symptoms develop allowing doctors to prescribe treatments such as drugs to restore dopamine in the brain. The disease, which affects 127,000 Britons and 600,000 Americans, is incurable and causes involuntary shaking of particular parts of the body, slow movement and stiff and inflexible muscles. Professor of neurology Dr Mark Lew said: 'We believe our research is the first to show that tears may be a reliable, inexpensive and noninvasive biological marker of Parkinson's disease.' He explained tears contain various proteins produced by the secretory cells of the tear gland, which is stimulated by nerves to secrete these proteins into tears. Because Parkinson's can affect nerve function outside of the brain, researchers hypothesised any change in nerve function may be seen in the protein levels in tears. The study involved taking tear samples from 55 people with Parkinson's and comparing theses to tear samples from 27 people without Parkinson's but who were the same age and gender. The researchers from the Keck School of Medicine of the University of Southern California in Los Angeles analysed the tear samples for the levels of four proteins. Researchers found differences in the levels of a particular protein, alpha-synuclein, in the tears of people with Parkinson's compared to controls. Additionally, levels of another form of alpha-synuclein, oligomeric alpha-synuclein, which is alpha-synuclein that has formed aggregates that are implicated in nerve damage in Parkinson's, were also significantly different compared to controls. They suggested it is also possible the tear gland secretory cells themselves produce these different forms of alpha-synuclein that can be directly secreted into tears. Total levels of alpha-synuclein were decreased in people with Parkinson's, with an average of 423 picograms of that protein per milligram (pg/mg) compared to 704 pg/mg in people without Parkinson's. But levels of oligomeric alpha-synuclein were increased in people with Parkinson's, with an average of 1.45 nanograms per milligram of tear protein (ng/mg) compared to 0.27 ng/mg in people without the disease. A picogram is 1,000 times smaller than a nanogram. Professor Lew concluded: 'Knowing that something as simple as tears could help neurologists differentiate between people who have Parkinson's disease and those who don't in a noninvasive manner is exciting. 'And because the Parkinson's disease process can begin years or decades before symptoms appear, a biological marker like this could be useful in diagnosing, or even treating, the disease earlier.' Further studies are planned in larger groups to investigate whether these protein changes can be detected in tears in the earliest stages of the disease, before symptoms start. The findings of the preliminary study was presented at the American Academy of Neurology's 70th Annual Meeting in Los Angeles.
966785242920095746	2018-02-22 21:22:18	https://t.co/6bh3HTaLh0	When is the Winter Olympics Closing Ceremony? https://t.co/6bh3HTaLh0	 The closing ceremony for the 2018 Winter Olympics in PyeongChang is just a few short days away. The lavish ceremony,which Ivanka Trump is said to be attending, is scheduled for this weekend. Set to be a spectacular celebration of the triumph and perseverance of the human spirit, the ceremony will feature an elaborate and unforgettable display of dance, music and art. But when exactly is the closing ceremony for the 2018 Winter Olympics? When will it be aired on TV? Here’s everything you need to know about when the closing ceremony is, what time it starts, when it’ll be on TV and what the current medal count is. The 2018 Winter Olympics in PyeongChang started on February 9 and will conclude on February 25. The closing ceremony will take place on Sunday, February 25 after the conclusion of the final Winter Olympics competitions. The closing ceremony for the 2018 Winter Olympics will start at 8:00pm EST. It’s scheduled to end at 10:30pm EST. NBC and affiliated channels such as NBCSN, CNBC and the USA Network will all air the closing ceremony starting at 8:00pm EST in a prime time broadcast. A live version of the closing ceremony without TV anchor commentary will also be aired in real time starting at 6:00am EST on NBC and NBC-affiliated channels like NBCSN, CNBC and the USA Network. As of today, Norway currently leads the medal count with 35 in total, followed by Germany with 25 and Canada close behind with 24. The United States currently has 21 medals while host nation South Korea claims 11. The United Kingdom and Australia currently hold four and three Olympic medals, respectively.
966784926308818944	2018-02-22 21:21:03	https://t.co/ZAEZ2wR63J	More than 100 girls kidnapped in latest Boko Haram school raid are still feared missing https://t.co/ZAEZ2wR63J	 More than 100 girls are still missing three days after suspected Boko Haram extremists attacked their school in northern Nigeria, parents have said. The announcement came after government officials in Yobe state acknowledged that some 50 young women remained unaccounted for in the Monday evening attack on the village of Dapchi. There have been a number of conflicting reports, in part because of limited access to the area. One parent, Bashir Manzo, said parents compiled a list of 101 missing children and presented it to the governor. The state governor, Ibrahim Gaidam, 'told us the girls have not been found and we should continue to pray for their safe return,' another parent, Rabiu Sani, told the AP. Boko Haram horrified the world when it abducted 276 girls from a boarding school in Chibok almost four years ago. While some escaped and many others were released as part of negotiations, about 100 remain with their captors. The extremist group has kidnapped thousands of people over the years. Boko Haram fighters invaded Dapchi on Monday evening, forcing residents, including students of Government Girls Secondary school, to flee into the bushes. Police and the state ministry of education initially denied claims that students were seized. Student Aishatu Abdullahi was among those who escaped on foot and spent the night hiding in an abandoned house. 'They were shooting guns and everyone was confused,' she told reporters. 'We saw some people pushing some of the students to enter their vehicles.' Nigeria's government has repeatedly claimed in the past year that Boko Haram has been defeated, but the group continues to carry out deadly suicide bombings and other attacks. This latest attack poses a challenge for President Muhamamdu Buhari ahead of next year's elections. 'I share the anguish of all the parents and guardians of the girls that remain unaccounted for,' Buhari tweeted on Wednesday evening. 'I would like to assure them that we are doing all in our power to ensure the safe return of all the girls.' The Dapchi attack calls into question how far pledges to improve security at schools have been implemented nearly four years after Chibok. The Chibok abduction in April 2014 brought sustained international attention to the insurgency for the first time, largely via the hashtag #BringBackOurGirls. A total of 276 girls were seized; 57 escaped in the immediate aftermath; and since May last year, 107 have either escaped or been released as part of a government-brokered deal. Last month the group, led by Abubakar Shekau, released a new video of the kidnapped schoolgirls claiming they do not want to return to their parents Security analysts suggested government ransom payments to secure the release of the Chibok girls could have given the under-pressure group an incentive for financing. 
966782412880601089	2018-02-22 21:11:03	https://t.co/TzBPLJ8CdN	Never-before-seen structure has been discovered in the tails of human sperm https://t.co/TzBPLJ8CdN	 A never-before-seen structure has been discovered in the tails of human sperm. Using Noble Prize-winning technology, scientists found spirals within the tubes of sperms' tails. Study author Davide Zabeo from the University of Gothenburg, said: 'We believe that this spiral may act as a cork inside the microtubules [a collection of tubes], preventing them from growing and shrinking as they would normally do, and instead allowing the sperm's energy to be fully focused on swimming quickly towards the egg.' Sperms' tails play a critical role in their ability to swim and consequently fertilise an egg. It is unclear if the spiral discovery could pave the way for future fertility treatments. Weight-loss surgery could make men infertile, research suggested in October 2017. Semen abnormalities occur in 57.1 per cent of men after they undergo bariatric surgery, a study found. Only four per cent of the study's 79 participants fathered children after having the procedure, compared to 13 per cent before, the research adds. Dr Edward Lin, editor-in-chief of the journal Bariatric Surgical Practice and Patient Care, which published the study, said: 'This study is one important piece in solving the puzzle of male infertility. 'The challenge is to see if correcting hormonal and micronutrient aberrations are enough to reverse male infertility.' The researchers, from the Hospital das Clinicas in São Paulo, analysed men who were attempting to conceive with their partner. Of the study's participants, 23 were followed for at least five years after having bariatric surgery; 23 for two years after having the operation; 18 were obese but did not have the procedure; and 15 were of a healthy weight. All of the participants completed a questionnaire asking them about their sexual quality of life. They were also assessed for their blood glucose, testosterone, vitamin D, zinc and semen levels. 'We spotted something we had never seen before' The researchers used cryo-electron tomography, which produces 3D images of cellular structures and was awarded a Nobel Prize in 2017. Lead author Johanna Höög said: 'Since the cells are depicted frozen in ice, without the addition of chemicals which can obscure the smallest cell structures, even individual proteins inside the cell can be observed.' The scientists initially set out to uncover what human sperm cells look like in 3D. Ms Höög added: 'When we looked at the first 3D images of the very end section of a sperm tail, we spotted something we had never seen before inside the microtubules: spiral that stretched in from the tip of the sperm and was about a tenth of the length of the tail.' The findings were published in the journal Scientific Reports. What was already known about human sperm-tails' structure? Sperm tails consist of around 1,000 building blocks, including structures known as tubulins, which form long tubes. Attached to these tubes are moving molecules called motorproteins. These pull and bend sperm tails, enabling them to swim. Ms Höög said: 'It's actually quite incredible that it can work. 'The movement of thousands of motorproteins has to be coordinated in the minutest of detail in order for the sperm to be able to swim.' Declining sperm counts could be a ticking time bomb for the human race This comes after research released in October 2017 suggested declining sperm counts and doubling rates of testicular cancer could be a ticking time bomb for the human race. Sperm counts have halved in the western world over the past four decades, which, alongside rising testicular tumours, could be behind plummeting fertility rates and couples' increasing dependency on IVF, according to Professor Niels Skakkebaek from the University of Copenhagen. Hormone-disrupting pesticides sprayed onto everyday food may be too blame as the changes are occurring too rapidly for genetics to be at fault, he adds. Professor Skakkebaek added: 'Alterations in our genome cannot explain the observations as changes have occurred over just a couple of generations. 'Modern lifestyles are associated with increased exposure to various endocrine-disrupting chemicals such as pesticides that may be harmful to humans even though exposure to individual chemicals is low.' 
966779833517838341	2018-02-22 21:00:48	https://t.co/PMqf1H4UcD	NASA spots the dusty grave of its lonely Phoenix Mars lander that died 10 years ago https://t.co/PMqf1H4UcD	 The dusty grave of Nasa's lonely Mars Phoenix probe has been revealed in new images. The probe only spent a few months on the red planet before dying in 'dark and cold' conditions a decade ago. Since it passed away, it has been covered in dust on the Martian surface. Now, the space agency has released new pictures showing its final resting place. Scroll down for video The Phoenix lander itself, and its back shell and parachute, are still visible in the image, which was taken on December 21, 2017. However, an animated-blink comparison with an image from about two months after the May 25, 2008 landing shows that patches of ground that had been darkened by removal of dust during the landing events have become coated with dust again. The lander stopped functioning just five months after it landed due to a lack of solar power. According to NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California, 'the solar-powered robot was not designed to survive through the dark and cold conditions of a Martian arctic winter'. The December 2017 image was taken by the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment (HiRISE) camera on NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter. The Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter (MRO) is a multipurpose spacecraft designed to conduct reconnaissance and exploration of Mars from orbit. In August 2008, Phoenix completed its three-month mission studying Martian ice, soil and atmosphere. The lander worked for two additional months before reduced sunlight meant that there was insufficient energy to keep the lander functioning. Phoenix operated for five months before it stopped functioning, and it investigated Mars soil. When Phoenix mission was launched, it had two objectives, according to NASA. The first was to study the history of water in the Martian arctic, as water ice lurks just below ground level. The second objective was to search for evidence of a habitable zone and assess the biological potential of the ice-soil boundary. NASA's Phoenix Mars lander, which landed on May 25, 2008, monitored the atmosphere overhead and reached out to the soil below. When Phoenix mission was launched, it had two objectives, according to NASA. The first was to study the history of water in the Martian arctic, as water ice lurks just below ground level. The second objective was to search for evidence of a habitable zone and assess the biological potential of the ice-soil boundary. Phoenix and its instruments were ideally suited to uncover clues to the geologic history and biological potential of the Martian arctic (after the mars Odyssey Orbiter's discovery of large amounts pf subsurface water ice in the northern arctic plane). Phoenix was the first mission to return data from either polar region providing an important contribution to the Marc science strategy 'Follow the Water'. It was also instrumental in helping to achieve the four science goals of NASA's long-term Mars Exploration Program: Source: NASA - Phoenix Mars Lander Overview 
966774859899514880	2018-02-22 20:41:03	https://t.co/6g38y2zL8q	Baffled wives share their husband’s RIDICULOUS household fails https://t.co/6g38y2zL8q	 If you want something done, sometimes it's best to do it yourself, as the saying goes, and these hilarious photos from around the world seem to prove it. Exasperated women have taken to social media to share hilarious pictures of their husbands' household fails, showing the bizarre ways baffled men have interpreted their partners' directions. One hilarious picture shows how a misunderstanding over a numbered shopping resulted in multiples of every product being bought. Another image shows a cheeky father placing his daughter's hair in a bread roll, after being asked to style it in a 'bun'. And a DIY shy man opted for a shortcut by fixing the broken toilet flush with a roll of sticky tape.
966769823190605824	2018-02-22 20:21:02	https://t.co/L1hbPn4BMt	Tokyo Olympics events will be projected as life-size HOLOGRAMS https://t.co/L1hbPn4BMt	 The 2020 Tokyo Summer Games could be projected as 3D holograms outside of Olympic venues in real time thanks to unprecedented technology. The groundbreaking system does not require competing athletes to wear motion sensors, nor do viewers have to wear 3D glasses to view the events. The Japanese company behind the system, NTT, says their technology will allow people in other venues to observe Olympic events as if they are in the arena. The system will make the Games more accessible to the nine million people living in Tokyo. NTT said viewers will be able to see life-size representations of the competing athletes as they perform in Tokyo. The system is called Kirari! For Arena and uses multiple cameras to track the movements of the athlete. The images are then transported to devices which show 3D hologram figures in real-time in a different location. NTT senior research engineer Kota Hidaka said: 'From all four directions, you can see players projected in the field moving in 3D.' Their technology will allow fans unable to watch a karate match in an arena the chance to observe it via 3D holograms of the fighters battling it out live. 'You can feel the ultra-high-level experience as if you are on real time in every place. We propose a new spectator style to watch the competition,' an NTT statement said. The company explained that their new system reproduces everything that happens in the competition space. It does so through the combination of depth sensors that use laser lights and location tracking information. The system makes possible the discernment between even slight color differences, NTT said. A Japanese telecommunications company called NTT has created a new system that could allow people to observe the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo in 3D from a remote location. The technology does not require sensors to be attached to athletes, which older 3D systems require. Spectators will not have to wear 3D glasses to view the events using the new system, which is called Kirari! For Arena. 'By positively utilizing the knowledge of human visual elements, it is possible to obtain a smooth view point with a small number of light sources,' an NTT statement explained. The company developed display technology for its new system that allows for the naked eye to process the images. Kirari! For Arena will grow the number of people able to view Olympic events up close and personal. The Olympics attract hundreds of thousands of spectators and upwards of four billion television viewers. The introduction of the technology at the 2020 Summer Games is significant given that Tokyo is the most populated city in the world, with more than nine million inhabitants. Kirari! For Arena will make the Games more accessible outside of venues with limited seating options. The company explained: 'It is as if the athlete moves about the real space in front of you. It became possible to express [a] more spatial positional relationship more dynamically. 'It has become possible to enhance the experience more. Experience sports as entertainment beyond time and space.' NTT said it is working to bring down the cost of the technology. 'We are hoping to establish the system and deliver the service in which people can enjoy watching games by gathering around the 3D hologram,' Hidaka said. NTT is an official sponsor of the 2020 Tokyo Summer Olympics.
966767565182832642	2018-02-22 20:12:03	https://t.co/L2ejAgd11V	How bats carry diseases without getting SICK https://t.co/L2ejAgd11V	 They drink blood and dwell in caves, but bats are perhaps most feared as vectors of disease. While Ebola would kill a person within days, a bat could carry the virus for years without triggering any symptoms - transmitting it to humans along the way. Now, for the first time, researchers have offered an explanation: the tiny flying mammals have the same immune pathway as humans, but it is dampened. It means that pathogens trigger an immune response in humans that can prove fatal, but in bats their systems are tuned to such a low level that they are protected from disease but barely respond to it. Scroll down for video The secrets behind the vampire bats' ability to survive on such an unusual diet – which is poor in nutrients and carries the risk of transmitting disease – has eluded scientists. This week, researchers revealed new insight on the adaptations that opened the door to the bizarre diet, in what experts say is a 'big evolutionary win.' 'Vampire bats have an 'extreme' diet, in the sense that it requires many adaptations in the organism,' lead author Lisandra Zepeda Mendoza, a biogeneticist at the University of Copenhagen, told AFP. To better understand how these creatures are able to survive only on blood, an international team of scientists analyzed the genome of the common vampire bat along with its microbiome. They discovered that the vampire bat's microbiome is unlike carnivorous, insectivorous, and frugivorous bats. Adaptations in the genome and microbiome linked with processes in metabolism and the immune system were dramatically different than the other species. Vampire bats are equipped with a high number of protective bacteria, which produce antiviral substances to shield them from pathogens, they found. The new study by Wuhan Institute of Virology in China is the latest in a recent slew of developments in bat research. In 2016, scientists sequenced the bat genome for the first time, revealing that bats have the lowest number of interferons (virus-fighting proteins) of any mammal species, but that those proteins remain 'active' even when they aren't diseased. Earlier this week, Danish scientists revealed they had mapped the genome of the vampire bat to show that their unique microbiome allows them to live exclusively off blood without side effects. Now, the Chinese team has looked at 30 bats from various sub-types to find that their STING-interferon pathway, present in all mammals, is unlike any other. The STING (STimulator of INterferon Genes) pathway is overly heightened in humans with autoimmune diseases. It triggers an overt reaction to external elements in the body - or things the STING perceives as external elements - which cripples the sufferer. Comparing bats with 10 other mammal types, including humans and cats and dogs, the researchers found the vilified creatures have the weakest STING of all, giving them an effective defense against disease. 'We believe there is a balance between bats and the pathogens they carry,' says senior author Peng Zhou. 'This work demonstrated that in order to maintain a balance with viruses, bats may have evolved to dampen certain pathways.' He added: 'In human history, we have been chasing infectious diseases one after another, but bats appear to be a 'super-mammal' to these deadly viruses.' Zhou believes this is likely the result of the creatures evolving to be more resistant to disease, since they fly, have long lives and are exposed to many pathogens. 'Adaptation to flight likely caused positive selection of multiple bat innate immune and DNA damage repair genes,' Zhou suggested. 
966764814612750337	2018-02-22 20:01:08	https://t.co/w364brBzYi	Le Pen warns France is becoming the 'little niece of Islam' https://t.co/w364brBzYi	 The niece of failed far-right French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen told a gathering of American conservatives Thursday that France was in danger of becoming 'the little niece of Islam' because of immigration. Marion Maréchal-Le Pen, making her debut at the Conservative Political Action Conference, hit on many of the same themes found in one of President Trump's stump speeches – saying she was fully supportive of 'America First' – while suggesting the French were worse off thanks to the European Union. 'No France is not free today,' she said. 'The French are not free to choose their policies, on economic, immigration, and even diplomacy. Our freedom is in the hands of the European Union.' Scroll down for video Le Pen suggested that the EU's attack on French culture had opened the door to 'the development of Islamic society in France.' 'After 40 years of mass migration, Islamic lobbies and political correctness, France is in the process of passing from the eldest daughter of the Catholic Church, to becoming the little niece of Islam,' she said. 'Terrorism is only the tip of the iceberg – this is not the France that our grandparents fought for,' she added. She also suggested that the youngest generation of Frenchmen and Frenchwomen have been 'brainwashed with guilt and shame for their country.' 'All I want is the survival of my nation,' she protested. France's National Front has long been criticized for being Islamophobic and xenophobic, from its 1972 founding with leader Jean-Marie Le Pen, to the more modern-day iteration, chaperoned by Le Pen family members Marine, Jean-Marie's daughter, and Marion Maréchal-Le Pen, Marine Le Pen's niece. Last year the party received a political beating with Marine Le Pen losing the French presidential election by 32 points to now-President Emmanuel Macron. Maréchal-Le Pen's CPAC stop was her first political address since last year. 'Bonjour CPAC!' she exclaimed to the crowd. 'I hope that Americans really like French accents, OK, and I hope that you see me as less terrifying than the American media depicts me,' she said. Maréchal-Le Pen then spoke of the long-standing ties between the U.S. and France, noting how the French were the first to recognize American independence during the patriots fight against the British. The French politician also said she supported President Trump's agenda today. 'I am not offended when I hear President Donald Trump say "America First." I want America First for the American people, I want Britain First for the British people, and I want France first for the French people,' she said. 
966762104589078529	2018-02-22 19:50:21	https://t.co/I4oT0wOXc8	Brazen gang of thieves swarm around armoured van before BOMBING it and escaping with cash https://t.co/I4oT0wOXc8	 This is the shocking moment an armoured transit van was blown up in a daring heist. The footage, filmed by a passerby, shows cars surrounding the transit van near Mbombela, South Africa. In the terrifying clip, you can see a number of men swarming the van before an explosion goes off, sending smoke billowing into the sky. The clip shows a man watching the carnage on the phone while contacting the police. The man recording the video sounds remarkably calm as he describes what is happening in front of him. More than ten men were in the four vehicles used in the raid. A black Mercedes, two BMWs, one grey and one black, as well as a white pickup truck were used by the thieves who then opened fire on the armoured van. They reportedly forced out the guards and blasted the vehicle using explosives. Bits of the armoured van can be seen flung into the sky by the explosion. After the explosion, they poured into the smoking van, before fleeing with an undisclosed amount of cash. One guard was injured in the brazen raid and they were disarmed by the thieves. The man recording the video seems unaffected by the carnage as he informs the police. 
966758699342745605	2018-02-22 19:36:50	https://t.co/zGcL6MQ5Ua	Terrifying footage shows massive blaze tearing through a warehouse in China https://t.co/zGcL6MQ5Ua	 A huge fire tore through a warehouse in southern China yesterday. Dramatic footage has emerged showing huge plumes of black smoke filling the air above the raging inferno. Around 60 firefighters and 12 fire engines were dispatched to the site in Guangxi Province to put out the fire. No casualties have been reported as a result of the accident. According to a social media statement from the local fire-fighting department, the fire occurred at around 1pm on February 21 in the city of Hezhou. The warehouse, occupying 280 square metres (3,013 square feet), is situated on Chengxi Road in Guiping District and stored home appliances. Firefighters quickly brought the situation under control. No one was inside the warehouse at the time of the fire. Reports of factory or warehouse blazes appear often in China. Many of them take place in chemical plants. This is because the country has relatively relaxed health and safety regulations compared to the West. Workers' safety conscientious is also relatively low. One of the worst warehouse fires in China happened in 2015. Around 158 people died in a series of massive explosions at chemical warehouses in Tianjin - the world's 10th-largest port.
966754620914720772	2018-02-22 19:20:37	https://t.co/wudX58oCMv	The surprising cost of inoculations around the world revealed https://t.co/wudX58oCMv	 Following the announcement that the NHS will soon no longer be providing free prescriptions for some travel-related vaccinations, a fascinating infographic reveals the potential cost for Brits of being inoculated around the world. China proves to be one of the most expensive places to hit if you want to be fully-protected against all eventualities. The charts, compiled by price comparison site TravelSupermarket, show that if you want to be completely safeguarded from tetanus, hepatitis A and B, rabies, typhoid, tick-borne encephalitis, Japanese encephalitis and tuberculosis, your final invoice will come in at an eye-watering £984. Scroll down to see how the cost of travel-related injections vary around the world... Europe Popping to Paris for a saunter around the Tuileries, or treating yourself to a soak and massage in a Turkish bath? First you need to know how much you’ll spend on your travel jabs before you get to the check-in desk. In Europe you could pay up to £954 on jabs if you're heading to Russia, while in France, Spain and Italy no vaccines are required for most travellers. Africa If you’re going to be exploring the varied local wildlife on the vast savannahs of Kenya, or dancing the night away in Senegal’s vibrant capital Dakar, make sure you know how much you’ll need to budget for your travel vaccines before you touch down on your adventure. If you're headed to Kenya, Senegal or Uganda, a full set of vaccinations could cost you £822, Namibia is also a pricey place to hit with a £722 maximum price for jabs. Rabies is one of the most expensive jabs to get, at £165. This is advised but not required for spots included Uganda and Morocco. Asia Unsurprisingly, Asia is a hotspot for young UK tourists and backpackers. It boasts ancient temples, serene gardens, fast-paced cosmopolitan cities and awe-inspiring mountains, (not to mention the mouth-watering local food.) Cost of living is generally low, but make sure you’ve budgeted enough for your vaccines before you go! Indeed, Asia proves to be one of the costliest places to be completely safeguarded, with a comprehensive jab package for China totalling £984. A jab protecting against tick-borne encephalitis is the costliest one to get, coming in at £210. South America One moment you’re in the peaks of Machu Picchu, the next you find yourself adorned in bright feathers for a night of revelry in Rio’s famed carnival! You’ll need to be on good form, so make sure you’ve got your vaccines sorted before you go. It might require a bit of saving before you go however, as a full set of vaccinations for Peru, Ecuador and Bolivia could cost you £664. These jab packages will protect you again conditions including yellow fever, tetanus and typhoid. Inoculations for Columbia come in at around half the price. North America Is the warm and inviting Caribbean island of Puerto Rico calling? Then on to sip mojitos in Cuba? If you’re booking a trip to North America soon, find out how much you’ll need to fork out on vaccines first. If you're headed to the U.S., it's good news as no vaccinations are required. But if you're headed to the Dominican Republic, be prepared for £667 bill for vaccinations, the priciest of the pack being for tuberculosis. Oceania Ready to swap your nine to five for a sandy beach? Whether you’re heading down under for a deep-sea dive in the Great Barrier reef, or ready to take life slow on the remote island of Fiji, make sure you’ve sorted your tropical vaccines first! Getting to Papua New Guinea by plane is expensive in itself but the recommended travel jabs will blow your budget further. If you go the whole hog with jabs for cholera, malaria, hepatitis B, Japanese encephalitis, rabies , tuberculosis, typhoid, tetanus and hepatitis A, expect a bill for £882. At the other end of the scale, a comprehensive vaccine package for New Zealand comes in at £205. 
966749700408987649	2018-02-22 19:01:04	https://t.co/YYPlosspKC	Heartbroken man carries the body of a dead child after latest deadly bombing raid by Assad’s forces https://t.co/YYPlosspKC	 Distressing video has emerged from a rebel-held area of Syria of a distraught man cradling the body of a dead child as civilians continue to be killed. The tearful man can be seen holding the child's corpse in the rebel-held area of Eastern Ghouta near the capital Damascus, recently described by UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres as a 'hell on earth'. The UN has called for an immediate ceasefire to prevent a 'massacre' in Eastern Ghouta - the last major rebel-held area near Damascus - where 400,000 people have been under siege since 2013. The Security Council heard a briefing from U.N. humanitarian chief Mark Lowcock on what he called 'the humanitarian disaster unfolding before our eyes' in the rebel-held suburbs known as eastern Ghouta. Sweden and Kuwait were seeking a vote on a resolution ordering a 30-day cease-fire to allow relief agencies to deliver aid and evacuate the critically sick and wounded from besieged areas to receive medical care. But Russia's U.N. ambassador, Vassily Nebenzia, who called Thursday's meeting, put forward last-minute amendments, saying the proposed resolution was 'simply unrealistic.' The bombing is feared to be carried out with the intention of killing or wounding as many rebels as possible before President Bashar al-Assad sends in troops to reclaim the region. 'Five days of air strikes and intense artillery fire by the regime and its Russian ally have killed 403 civilians, including 95 children,' the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said. The head of the Britain-based Observatory, Rami Abdel Rahman, said 46 people were killed in strikes and rocket fire on Thursday. The area is controlled by jihadist and Islamist groups but many civilian areas and even hospitals were targeted this week, sparking an international outcry. The armed groups in Ghouta have also fired rockets and mortar rounds on civilian areas in the capital, which is under government control, killing at least 16 over the same period. The child seen in the video is one of several bodies seen wrapped in cloths and blankets in the footage, with many piled onto the back of a truck. Human rights groups say that hundreds have been injured in addition to those killed. They have accused Russian and Syrian planes of sometimes using barrel bombs - oil drums packed with explosives and shrapnel - to strike hospitals, markets and other civilian targets in eastern Ghouta. Residents of Douma, the biggest town in Eastern Ghouta, described black plumes of smoke on Thursday as residential areas were again subjected to high-altitude bombing. Residents on the ground had to dodge the explosions as they searched for bodies buried beneath the rubble in the town of Saqba and elsewhere. The UN's Syria envoy Staffan de Mistura,De Mistura said he hoped that a Security Council resolution would soon be in place that calls for a ceasefire in eastern Ghouta, but acknowledged such a motion would be difficult to obtain. Other recent harrowing footage showed a cameraman who found his family screaming beneath rubble after an airstrike. Video shows the man desperately trying to rescue his pregnant aunt, four cousins and grandmother from the ruins of a building in Eastern Ghouta after the area was hammered by President Assad's forces. The cameraman was capturing footage of the dictator's deadly bombing campaign when he heard their haunting cries for help. A trapped woman with a bloodied face can be seen crying out in agony as rescuers scramble to free her. The face of a badly injured little boy can also be seen. The footage, shown in an ITN report, then shows him sprinting away towards a medical clinic with an injured child in his arms. But the report revealed that 22 hospitals have been specifically targeted in just 72 hours. International pressure mounted on Thursday to end civilian suffering in the a enclave - Mr Guterres has joined France in calling for an immediate humanitarian truce. German Chancellor Angela Merkel has also called for an end to the 'massacre' after fresh air killed another 13 people. Condemning the Syrian regime for targeting 'its own people', Merkel said: 'The killing of children, the destruction of hospitals - all that amounts to a massacre that must be condemned and which must be countered with a clear no'. The UN Security Council is expected to vote, probably on Thursday, on a draft resolution demanding a 30-day ceasefire to allow deliveries of aid and medical evacuations. The push for a vote came after the Red Cross demanded access to the area, saying the situation was so dire that its teams should be allowed access to Eastern Ghouta to help overwhelmed doctors and nurses. Fresh air raids on several parts of the enclave killed at least 50 civilians, including eight children, and wounded 350 on Wednesday. Because many of the region's hospitals have been targeted, many are now out of service. 'The fighting appears likely to cause much more suffering in the days and weeks ahead, and our teams need to be allowed to enter Eastern Ghouta to aid the wounded,' said Marianne Gasser, the International Committee of the Red Cross's head of delegation in Syria. Syrian warplanes have this month intensified their strikes on the area with wounded victims dying only because they cannot be treated in time, Gasser said. According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, around 1,500 people have been wounded since Sunday. Many of Wednesday's victims were killed when barrel bombs were dropped on the town of Kfar Batna. The hospital in Douma, the largest town in Eastern Ghouta, is still functioning but the influx of wounded is such that doctors and nurses cannot save everyone. The UN and an NGO said at least seven hospitals were bombed on Monday and Tuesday. 'The regime claims that it's targeting armed groups and terrorists, but the truth is that it only targets civilians,' said Doctor Ahmad Abdulghani, at the Dar al-Shifa hospital in Hammuriyeh, heavily damaged by a strike. 'This is a hospital that treats the sick and civilians, why target it?' Observatory head Rami Abdel Rahman said at least 76 children were among the 320 people killed in strikes since Sunday. Syrian state news agency SANA said 18 people were wounded in Damascus by rebel shelling. Sweden and Kuwait drafted a UN resolution pushing for a month-long ceasefire, requesting a vote 'as soon as possible,' the Swedish mission said. French President Emmanuel Macron accused Syrian President Assad's regime of using terrorism as a 'pretext' to attack civilians. Russia, which is Assad's main backer but denies direct involvement in the Ghouta strikes, earlier called for a Security Council meeting on the crisis, which Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia described as a 'complex situation'. 'There are terrorists there who the Syrian army is fighting,' Nebenzia said. But US Ambassador Nikki Haley said it was 'simply preposterous to claim that these attacks on civilians have anything to do with fighting terrorism'. Anti-regime groups, mostly Islamist factions as well as al-Qaeda's former Syrian affiliate, have controlled the area since 2012. With the ISIS 'caliphate' now wiped of the map, the regime looks bent on completing its reconquest. Ghouta is a key target. In recent days, government forces have been massing around the enclave, apparently preparing for a ground offensive. 'We have long feared Eastern Ghouta will see a repeat of the terrible scenes observed by the world during the fall of east Aleppo and these fears seem to be well founded,' said Mark Schnellbaecher, the regional head of the International Rescue Committee. The battle that saw government forces wrest back the country's second city from rebel forces in 2016 caused extensive destruction and suffering that drew comparisons with the World War II era devastation in Stalingrad and the Warsaw ghetto. 'We don't dare go outside,' said Khadija, 53, hiding in a basement in the town of Douma. Shivering as she gathered several children around her in the darkened room, she said: 'There are planes above us and missiles landing around us: where should we go with our children?' The regime is also seeking to restore its grip on other areas in the north, including the province of Idlib, the last one that remains largely outside its control. Eastern Ghouta is one of the last major areas held by rebels fighting the regime of President Bashar al-Assad. The area, on the outskirts of the Syrian capital Damascus, had been designated a 'de-escalation zone' by Russia and Iran, the government's main allies, in an agreement along with Turkey, which backs the rebels. But hostilities intensified in mid-November in the densely populated area, which is home to 400,000 people. The latest violence in eastern Ghouta is the worst since 2013 when 1,300 people died after the Assad regime deployed sarin gas. The Russian military is again supporting Assad's forces as it did in the all-out assault on the rebel-held half of Syria's largest city, Aleppo, in late 2016, which drove the rebels from their enclave there. Five days of air strikes and intense artillery fire by the regime and Russian ally have killed 403 civilians, including 95 children. The rebels eastern Ghouta are dominated by the Islamist faction Jaysh al-Islam and Hayat Tahrir al-Sham, a jihadist alliance led by al-Qaeda's former affiliate in Syria, also operates there. They have also fired rockets and mortar rounds on civilian areas in the capital, which is under government control, killing at least 16, as the area has come under attack. According to regime media, President Assad is preparing for a final push on the enclave and securing government areas around the capital would represent a significant victory. 
966744674009518080	2018-02-22 18:41:06	https://t.co/VMyKXz322c	Fears acid rain from could DISSOLVE 4,000-year-old Mayan temples in Mexico within the next century https://t.co/VMyKXz322c	 Acid rain is slowly destroying priceless ancient monuments and temples in Mexico. The rain, caused by pollution, could lead to the complete destruction of some Mayan inscriptions within 100 years. Experts in Mexico have warned that the rain could wipe out some of the country's most treasured heritage sites, some of which are around 4,000 years old. Dr Pablo Sanchez, from the Centre of Atmospheric Studies at the National Autonomous University of Mexico in Mexico City, said: 'In 100 years' time all the inscriptions and writing on the walls and pillars could be lost.' The damage occurs as the Mayan ruins are built from limestone, which contains calcium carbonate, a chemical that quickly dissolves in acid rain. The rain occurs when pollution mixes with rain clouds, lowering the pH level of the water when it falls to the ground. Mexico City has struggled with pollution for decades, and was listed as the world's most polluted city in 1992. Experts at Mayan sites are struggling to find a solution to the acid rain problem as they cannot cover the limestone with a protective film. Dr Sanchez said: 'The limestone has to be breathe, absorbing humidity and water and, if you cover it with a sealing layer, it provokes an acceleration of the erosion.' For hundreds of years the Mayans dominated large parts of the Americas until, mysteriously in the 8th and 9th century AD, a large chunk of the Mayan civilisation collapsed. The reason for this collapse has been hotly debated, but now scientists say they might have an answer - an intense drought that lasted a century. Studies of sediments in the Great Blue Hole in Belize suggest a lack of rains caused the disintegration of the Mayan civilisation, and a second dry spell forced them to relocate elsewhere. The theory that a drought led to a decline of the Mayan Classic Period is not entirely new, but the new study co-authored by Dr André Droxler from Rice University in Texas provides fresh evidence for the claims. Dozens of theories have attempted to explain the Classic Maya Collapse, from epidemic diseases to foreign invasion. With his team Dr Droxler found that from 800 to 1000 AD, no more than two tropical cyclones occurred every two decades, when usually there were up to six. This suggests major droughts occurred in these years, possibly leading to famines and unrest among the Mayan people. And they also found that a second drought hit from 1000 to 1100 AD, corresponding to the time that the Mayan city of Chichén Itzá collapsed. Researchers say a climate reversal and drying trend between 660 and 1000 AD triggered political competition, increased warfare, overall sociopolitical instability, and finally, political collapse - known as the Classic Maya Collapse. This was followed by an extended drought between AD 1020 and 1100 that likely corresponded with crop failures, death, famine, migration and, ultimately, the collapse of the Maya population. The scientist told reporters in Mexico that the pollution responsible for the acid rain may not necessarily be produced in the country. Pollution can travel thousands of miles before affecting rain, so its origin cannot be traced. Mayan civilisation is thought to have begun around 1800 BC and lasted until 1697, when it was conquered by Spanish invaders. Mexico received over 11.4 million tourists in 2017, and Mayan temples are one the country's main tourist attractions. The period known as the Middle and Late Formative (900 BC - 900 AD) was one of increased cultural regionalism in Mexico. The Zapotec people for example produced the first writing and written calendar. Their civilisation started in Oaxaca around 2,300 years ago. They had a separate and distinctive culture from the Maya and the Toltec and the Aztec. Experts believed Zapotec people played a sacred ritual ball game which was enjoyed by many pre-Hispanic peoples in Mesoamerica. The game was a cross between football and basketball and involved hitting a rubber ball around a court. It sometimes ended in sacrificial death for the losers. At the time, the Maya, Zapotec, Totonac and Teotihuancan civilisations were all becoming more distinct. The Maya created astronomy, mathematics, calendar making and hieroglyphic writing, writes Britannica. They also developed big cities with temples, pyramids and places for playing ball games. Before the Spanish conquest it was believed the Maya had one of the most advanced civilisations of the Western Hemisphere. The monuments are not the only Mexican heritage sites threatened by pollution. Earlier this week it was revealed that pollution is threatening the recently mapped Sac Actun cave system in the Yucatan Peninsula. The vast underground network could be the most important underwater archaeological site in the world, according to experts in Mexico. Some of the oldest human remains on the continent have been found there, dating back more than 12,000 years, and now-extinct animal remains push the horizon back to 15,000 years. But pollution and development may threaten the caves' crystalline water, Subaquatic archaeologist Dr Guillermo de Anda said on Monday. Some of the sinkhole lakes that today serve as entrances to the cave system are used by tourists to snorkel and swim. And the main highway in the Caribbean coast state of Quintana Roo runs right over some parts of cave network. That roadway has been known to collapse into sinkholes. Also, the cave with the stone-encased skull has high acidity levels, suggesting acidic runoff from a nearby open-air dump could damage skeletal remains. For hundreds of years the Mayans dominated large parts of the Americas. They mysteriously collapsed in the 8th or 9th century AD, with disease, flooding and foreign invaders all credited with the civilisation's demise. The Maya created astronomy, mathematics, calendar making and hieroglyphic writing, writes Britannica. They also developed big cities with temples, pyramids and places for playing ball games. Before the Spanish conquest it was believed the Maya had one of the most advanced civilisations of the Western Hemisphere. 
966744151202164740	2018-02-22 18:39:01	https://t.co/HzuDDZoVTC	Russian model and mother-of-two escapes after 'seven years as a sex slave for businessman' https://t.co/HzuDDZoVTC	 A former model has escaped from a man she claims held her as a 'sex slave' in Turkey and Russia for seven years. Natasha Serebriy had two children by a 'tyrant' known only as Vyacheslav R. who she says caused her horrific injuries. Now 25, her weight fell to just six stone. She accuses the businessman of 'raping and beating' her almost daily. When she finally fled from him, she was visibly anorexic and suffering from broken ribs, chest bone and fingers, severely damaged organs, head injuries — and a torn rectum. The Ukrainian beauty also had anaemia due to an acute three month long blood loss that almost killed her. Natasha says her tormentor - 30 years her senior - first started to beat her one month after they met when she was only 18, seven years ago. She is believed to have suffered from Stockholm syndrome, harbouring feelings of trust or affection for a man who had 'kidnapped' her. The woman is now being hidden in a refuge for victims of domestic violence in Russia amid fears he is stalking her, according to Moskovsky Komsomolets. Vyacheslav is an alleged bigamist who in Turkey - and later Russia - forbade her having a phone, cut her off from any social contact, and 'beat me in front of my daughters'. The children are now aged five and three. With a promising modelling career in front of her, she fell for his 'care and attention' but soon realised he was violent. 'After one month, he began pressurising and assaulting me,' she said. 'He kept repeating that it was all my fault, that he simply had to re-educate me to do things the right way,' She said: 'At first I loved him and wanted to become better to please him. 'I dreamed of having his baby, thinking that this would fix everything, that he would change, understand that I was also a person, dear to him.' But this was not the case. Where she was six months pregnant, he took her to Turkey and hid her away. 'I was a slave,' she said. If she went out, she had to hold his hand. 'I just had no physical opportunity to leave. He took all my documents,' she said. 'He forbade me from speaking to my friends and my mother, explaining that she was bad for me. He cut off all my relatives. 'I was not allowed talking to my neighbours. 'He beat me up in presence of his business partners when they came to visit us. 'He took my phone away and when he went outside, he always locked the door. 'I was left alone in the apartment for the whole day. 'I had to clean, wash, cook for him.' She admitted she had 'a serious dependency on him' yet constantly flinched from his violent rages when he physically abused her. He attacked her soon after giving birth and when she was breastfeeding 'because I didn't give him due respect'. He then forbade her to use contraception despite her claim that he almost daily raped her. Some 22 months after her first daughter Eva was born, she gave birth to another girl, Lisa. His son by his earlier marriage saw the abuse and reported it to Turkish police, she said. She was deported to Ukraine and he was thrown out separately from Turkey. Natasha went to stay with her family in Kiev, but he found her. 'He told me I belong to him and, no matter what I do, I will never get away - until I die,' she said, 'He grabbed me, threw me into a car with the children and took me to Russia. 'He put me in a house in the Moscow suburbs for more than two years - from June 2016 to January 2018 - forcibly kept me there. Until I managed to escape …' For her final three months, she was 'exhausted and bleeding'. She begged him to take her to a doctor, fearing she would otherwise die. Natasha was eventually allowed to go to a hospital but he kept the children as 'hostages'. She told the hospital staff about her plight and begged them for help. They fooled him into bring then children to see him, then demanded he take her blood test results to another hospital department. In his absence, nurses and doctors had arranged a getaway car that took her into hiding, arranged by the women's refuge. Natasha still lives in fear that he will find her. Russian police are now reported to be searching for Vyacheslav after she complained about being forcibly held as a sex slave. A social worker familiar with the case said: 'She is lucky to be alive. 'His is a tyrant who has caused her misery.' 
966739569851936768	2018-02-22 18:20:49	https://t.co/smeDO7GNkE	Mind-blowing pictures show thousands of cars stuck in an epic 10km traffic jam in China https://t.co/smeDO7GNkE	 More than 10,000 cars were caught up in a massive traffic jam in China earlier this week. Over 50,000 travellers were stuck as they waited to get on ferryboats to leave popular tropical island Hainan. According to Chinese news site Sina, the huge queues stretched for around 10 kilometres (6.2 miles) at one point. The congestion was caused by heavy fog over the Qiongzhou Strait in Haikou. Scroll down for video The incredible gridlock took place at the end of China's seven-day national holiday to celebrate Lunar New Year. As a tropical destination, Hainan Island was hugely popular among tourists who were looking for sunshine. In the space of seven days, around five million people swarmed to the island which is roughly the size of Belgium. But when they were trying to return home, they found themselves trapped on the island due to foggy weather as boats could only operate periodically. Huge queues of vehicles were spotted outside of the islands Xiuying Port, Xinhai Port and Nangang Port from the evening of February 19 and by midnight, over 10,000 vehicle had been stuck. As a result of the traffic jam, the price of the flight tickets out of Hainan to major Chinese cities soared up by some 20 times, according to Sina. A mind-boggling video, shared by Kan Kan News, shows endless lines of vehicles being caught up near the piers' entrance. It's said that after the ferry re-opened on the morning of February 20, 30 boats shuttled between the strait to transport nearly 7,000 vehicles over in 4.5 hours. The local government said on February 20 that it would take them another 24 hours to clear the queues. According to Xinhua News Agency, there were still over 10,000 cars waiting to board the ferry by 5pm on February 21. Major traffic jams often happen at the end of major Chinese holidays. Last Lunar New Year, the traffic on Beijing-Hong Kong expressway backed up outside Beijing for some 50 kilometres (31 miles) as people tried to return to the capital city. In October 2015, also in Beijing, motorists were stranded in a 50-lane traffic jam as the week-long National Day holiday wrapped up. The worst traffic jam ever in China took place in 2010 where motorists were caught up in a 60-mile tailback which lasted for more tan 10 days on the Beijing-Tibet Expressway - due to roadworks. 
966734609923952641	2018-02-22 18:01:06	https://t.co/tYEgxsO1Yg	Celebrated ancient Japanese chieftain found alongside incredibly well-preserved body armor in 1,500-year-old tomb https://t.co/tYEgxsO1Yg	 A 1,500 year-old tomb containing human remains and armor of a chieftain has been discovered in very good condition. The tunnel-tomb was found in the city of Shibushi on Japan's third largest island, Kyushu, while workers were paving a road along a farm. The tomb contains the most burial goods in the region, with more than 20 pieces including an arrowhead, spear, iron ax, sword and a cuirass (breastplate), which was likely given to the chieftain as a gift from the Yamato imperial court. The skeletal remains were found in a stone coffin, and belonged to a five foot, five inches (167 centimetres) male. The iron armor suit discovered in the tomb, called tanko, was preserved in surprisingly pristine condition. According to Japanese newspaper the Asahi Shimbun, the tomb is one of the largest in the eastern part of the Kagoshima district on the southern tip of Kyushu island. 'It was likely built got a powerful leader in the local region who was directly connected with the Yamato imperial court,' archaeologist Tatsuya Hashimoto, of the Kagoshima University Museum, told the Asahi Sumbun. By the end of the fourth century, The Yamato imperial court was settled on the Nara plain, with considerable control over the peoples of the archipelago. The Yamato period was a historical period characterised by the presence of large burial mounds called Kofun, and the newly discovered tomb is thought to have come from the Kofun period, which spanned the third to the sixth century and is one of the two eras of the Yamato period. The tomb measures 8 feet, 6 inches long (2.6 metres), 6 feet wide (1.8 metres) and 5 feet, 3 inches deep (1.6 metres). Burials before the Kofun period were fairly primitive, but from the 3rd century large tombs, which were circular and uniquely keystone-shaped, began to spread throughout Japan. The good associated with these tombs were often military in nature compared to earlier tombs, and contained item such as swords, arrowheads and armor. According to The Times, Japan has more than 200,000 ancient burial grounds, and in August of 2017, the Japanese government and archaeologists argued over whether the 'kofun' should be excavated. The government wishes to designate a certain number of these tombs, where emperors and chieftains were buried, for registration as UNESCO World Heritage sites. This would mean that archaeologists would not be allowed to excavate the tombs. 'Academic study [of the kofun] is essential,' says Noboru Toike, a professor of history at Tokyo’s Seijo University, who opposes the world heritage application. 'It is wrong to present them to the world without knowing their value, such as when they were built, and for whom. 'If you want to use them as tourist sites, you should do the research first. T 'This is the wrong way round.' The Yamato Period, commonly broken into two separate eras: The Kofun Era (250-538 AD, characterised by the presence of large burial mounds called Kofun) and the Asuka Era (538-710), saw the emergence of a central governing power in the west of Japan, centred around the Yamato Province. It was there that a local clan, called Yamatom began to establish its claim as the imperial bloodline of the nation. The native religion there, Shintō, was prevalent and its mythology was woven into the Yamato claim of suzerainty, where a state of person is independent and self-ruling. Yamato culture and political alliance spread across a large part of southern Japan, but during the latter half of this period (the Asuka Era), Buddhism, Chinese writing and other mainland Asian exports arrived via the Korean kingdom of Baekje. Prince Shōtoku (574-622) established a centralised government, spread Buddhism a new set of reforms based on Confucianism and Chinese legal standards. Source: University of Pittsburgh - Japan 
966728651424325637	2018-02-22 17:37:26	https://t.co/FGb8WeoFtO	German food bank BANS migrants, saying foreigners has stopped elderly and single mothers receiving free meals https://t.co/FGb8WeoFtO	 A food bank in Germany has temporarily stopped taking on new foreign clients after saying a huge influx of migrants had displaced desperate locals. Joerg Sartor, chairman of the Essener Tafel charity that serves free meals to the poor in the western city of Essen, said: 'We want the German granny to be able to keep coming to us'. He said especially German elderly people and single mothers had been gradually displaced over the past two years as the share of migrants had risen to three-quarters of recipients. More than 1.2 million migrants have come to Europe's biggest economy since 2015, more than half from war-torn Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan, in a mass influx that sparked a backlash. The website of the 'Essener Tafel' charity said it had taken the step in order to avoid frictions between needy locals and foreigners that could harm acceptance of the newcomers. 'Since the number of foreign citizens among our clients has risen to 75 percent in recent years ... we are forced to only accept customers with German identity cards in order to facilitate proper integration,' it said. The charity announced the change in December and implemented it in mid-January, but it was only widely reported on Thursday, initially by the newspaper Westdeutsche Allgemeine Zeitung (WAZ). The group, like hundreds of similar charities nationwide, collects surplus food that would otherwise be discarded by supermarkets and other businesses to prepare and serve it to the poor. Typically, people have to register to qualify for regular free meals by proving that they are recipients of unemployment or other social benefits. Sartor told the WAZ daily that his charity would maintain the additional demand that new clients show German identity papers to register 'until the balance is restored'. 
966723382938042369	2018-02-22 17:16:30	https://t.co/4Rdur3tRht	2,700-year-old clay seal found in Jerusalem bears the 'signature' of Prophet Isaiah https://t.co/4Rdur3tRht	 A 2,700-year-old clay seal found in Jerusalem may bear the 'signature' of the biblical prophet Isaiah. Researchers believe the Hebrew script impressed into the clay once read 'Belonging to Isaiah the prophet.' If it did, the clay would be the first direct evidence of the existence Isaiah outside of the Bible. Archaeologists discovered the damaged clay seal during excavations at the Ophel, and area in East Jerusalem in between the 'City of David' archaeological site and the 'Temple Mount'. According to the Hebrew bible, the Torah, Isaiah's call to prophecy roughly coincides with the beginning of the westward expansion of the Assyrian empire. He was a counselor to Judean king Hezekiah and encouraged him to fight against the Assyrian army that arrived in Jerusalem in 701 BC. Archaeologists found the impression of a King Hezekiah seal 10 feet (3 meters) from the Isaiah impression. Isaiah's name ('Yesha'yahu' in Hebrew) is visible on the seal, however damage to the seal has meant that archaeologists are unsure as to whether it refers to the Biblical Prophet Isaiah, or someone else with the same name who lived during that time. 'We appear to have discovered a seal impression, which may have belonged to the prophet Isaiah, in a scientific, archaeological excavation,' Eilat Mazar, an archaeology professor at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, said in an announcement in the Biblical Archaeology Review, which will publish the study associated with the research. If researchers are able to confirm that the seal impression was for the Prophet Isaiah, it 'would be the first archaeological and the earliest extra-biblical reference to the prophet Isaiah ever discovered,' Robert Cargill, an archaologist and professor of classic and religious studies at the University of Iowa, told Live Science. According to Mazar's announcement, the clay seals, called bullae, were created by first placing soft clay on a tied ligature and linen sack or papyrus, whose negative impressions are seen on the bulla's reverse side, and then pressing the seal against the clay. According to the Torah, the Prophet Isaiah lived 700 years before Christ. He was the Prophet after whom the biblical Book of Isaiah is named, and is a contributor to Jewish and Christian traditions. His call to prophecy in 742 BC coincided with the beginning of the westward expansion of the Assyrian empire, when Isaiah encouraged Hezekiah, the 13th kind of Judah, to fight against the Assyrian army that arrived in Jerusalem in 701 BC. Isaiah claimed that the expansion of the Assyrian empire was a warning from God to godless people. The earliest recorded event in his life is his call to prophecy, in the sixth chapter of the Book of Isaiah. The vision that made him a prophet is described as a first person narrative, when he 'saw' God and was overwhelmed by his contact. According to the book, he became aware of God's need for a messenger for Israel's people, and he offered himself up to do this. At the top of the seal, the lower part of a grazing doe is visible, which Mazar wrote is 'a motif of blessing and protection'. The word 'nvy' is also visible in the seal, however, archaeologists are uncertain as to what it means. Mazar wrote that if the word included had included the Hebrew letter 'aleph,' at the end, it would form a word that means prophet. However, when the archaeologists inspected the damaged part of the seal, it didn't show any signs of the letter 'aleph'. Without the letter aleph, Mazar says it's still possible that the word 'nvy' could mean prophet, as there are places in the Torah where prophet is spelled nvy without the alephy. Mazar wrote that 'nvy' could also be a personal name referring to a different Isaiah and not the Prophet. The Ophel site excavations were sponsored by Daniel Mintz and Meredith Berkman of New York.
966718245884612608	2018-02-22 16:56:05	https://t.co/aM2tUOxmMb	The BEST way to line your cake tin revealed https://t.co/aM2tUOxmMb	 Experts have revealed the best way to line a cake tin - and it requires two seperate sheets of baking paper. Lining a cake tin can be a fiddly business and if you leave any gaps or air bubbles, it can mean that your cake sticks to the side or is baked unevenly. However Cher Loh, head tutor at the Good Housekeeping Institute Cookery School, has revealed there's a very easy hack that will guarantee that you line your cake tin perfectly every time. And his trick involves cutting out a circle of baking parchment for the base, and another piece to stick around the sides of the tin. 1. Draw around a cake tin onto parchment paper and cut out the circle. 2. Cut a long strip that is 2cm wider than the depth of the tin. Fold along the long edge by 1cm and make cuts up to the fold, 2.5cm apart. 3. Line the sides of the tin with the long strip first, the folded cuts at the bottom, and then place the circle on top, on the base. Cher said that many bakers make the crucial error of just cutting out one piece of parchment and pressing it down onto the bottom and around the sides of a cake tin. But if you cut the baking paper too large or too small, it can affect how your cake bakes. Cher's advice is to cut out a circle that will cover the base of your cake tin, and then another long rectangular strip for the sides. Cutting out flaps on the long strip will also help create a smooth line in your tin. Cher advises bakers to start by placing a cake tin on a sheet of parchment and drawing around the outside of it with a pencil. Then he says they should use scissors to cut out a circle, which will line the base of the tin. He then suggests cutting out a long strip of parchment paper that is about 2cm wider than the depth of the tin. He recommends folding along the long edge by 1cm and then making cuts about 2.5cm apart along the fold and up to the folded line on the strip. This piece will wrap around the sides of the tin, with the folded end meeting the circle of parchment paper lining the base. Cher recommends lining the tin with the long strip first before placing the circle of parchment paper on the bottom. 
966714461871640577	2018-02-22 16:41:03	https://t.co/iHjxpH3ahL	Picture guide reveals the different shades of TEA (so which one do YOU prefer?) https://t.co/iHjxpH3ahL	 How to make the perfect cup of tea is a controversial topic - and a new picture guide is bound to stir up debate as it reveals all the different ways people prefer their brew. The image - a 'Pantone colour-inspired' guide - displays 50 different shades of tea ranging from ultra-milky to dark and strong, inviting tea drinkers to pick the one that looks most like the cup they would choose. It comes as a study reveals that a third prefer a strong, dark cup of tea, while just one in four prefer theirs white and milky. The survey, commissioned by Arla B.O.B milk, found that 33 per cent of the country prefer a dark brew. However the majority, or four in 10, opt for a classic medium-brown builder's tea when asking for a cuppa, the study found. How strong a person likes their tea is a divisive topic, as is whether to put the milk in first or the water. The study found that 73 per cent will put water in before the milk, and 19 per cent opt for milk in first. Northern Irish tea drinkers like their brew the strongest and darkest, while those in Scotland and the North East of England are most likely to appreciate a milkier mug with a more subtle flavour. Tea fans in the South East of England are most likely to leave their tea bag in for longer, letting it brew for an average of 64 seconds, which is seven seconds longer than the national average or 57 seconds. East Anglians are in the greatest hurry, letting the bag stew for just 48 seconds. Emma Stanbury, from Arla B.O.B milk, said: 'With more than fifty shades of tea, everyone's favourite cuppa is a little different.' The survey also uncovered the extent to which the UK workforce depends on the humble brew to keep running as they consume 1,161 cups of tea per worker per year. One in five employees would consider themselves someone who looks after their colleagues' tea needs before their own. One in ten have been so unimpressed by their colleagues' efforts to make a tea to their standards they have asked them to throw it away. When tea is left to go cold, 11 per cent power through and chug the room-temperature liquid down. Eighteen per cent can't stomach the thought of a chilly tea and chuck it out, while one in six microwave their mug. 
966713116577890304	2018-02-22 16:35:42	https://t.co/MEo5mVachh	Facebook and Instagram crash causes a global Twitter meltdown https://t.co/MEo5mVachh	 Facebook and Instagram have crashed causing a global Twitter meltdown as users complain they have to talk to their loved ones in person. Thousands of users of the two Facebook-owned services have reported a huge outage that has left some unable to access their profiles for several hours. The problem first appeared this morning in mainland Europe and parts of south-east Asia, but has since spread to users in the United States, with Facebook still yet to address or comment on ongoing disruptions. Twitter users have posted a string of hilarious responses to the outage, with one person writing 'my heart is breaking'. Another asked: 'Does this mean that I actually have to work now?' Users began reporting issues with the two platforms around 10:30am GMT (5:30am ET) this morning. Despite hitting three continents, the UK has been largely spared from the fault. Since this morning, more than 1,000 people have reported problems with Instagram on DownDetector, a website that tracks outage reports. Around 900 Facebook users have reported issues with the social media site to DownDetector. Visitors to Facebook's website are met with a statement which says: 'Sorry, something went wrong. 'We're working on it and we'll get it fixed as soon as we can.' Instagram users were left seeing a page reading: 'Oops, an error occurred.' January 2018 An issue started just before 6pm GMT (1pm ET) with thousands of users reporting a total blackout on the site. A live outage map showed outage hot-spots across the United States, with the northeast hit particularly hard. Facebook was also down for users along the West Coast, in Mexico, and in parts of South America. Parts of Europe also appeared to be affected by the outage, with reports that Facebook is down coming primarily from the UK and Germany. October 2017 Both Facebook and Instagram went down for thousands of users. Some of those attempting to go onto the sites were shown a blank page, with nothing loading. Others reported they could only load certain parts of the websites or apps of the two Facebook-owned services. Some reported the sites worked fine until they try to post an update or image, at which point they shut down. The issue was widespread, with reports of outage popping up in Brazil, Japan, India and parts of Europe - though the outage has not affected everyone in these regions. It remains unclear whether the outage is the result of an internal issue at Facebook or whether it's been caused by outside influences. Users have taken to Twitter to vent their frustrations at the the outages. User @eliinkaarlssonn tweeted: 'Facebook and Instagram is down?? does this mean that i actually have to work now?' Posting a picture of a Facebook error screen, user @profinblack wrote: 'This just happened. People be panicking in 3... 2... 1... #FacebookDown'.
966709426819387394	2018-02-22 16:21:02	https://t.co/KTGbYde8fv	European Court of Justice rules firms CAN make pregnant women redundant https://t.co/KTGbYde8fv	 The European Court of Justice has ruled that firms can make pregnant women redundant as long the dismissal is not related to their pregnancy. In a ruling today, the court rejected an appeal made by a pregnant woman who lost her job at Spain's Bankia in 2013. Jessica Porras's case revolved around the EU's Directive 92/85, which prohibits the dismissal of a pregnant employee during the period between conception and the end of maternity leave. But the law allows exceptions according to national law so long as the pregnancy is not a reason for the dismissal. The ECJ ruled that Bankia had explained to workers' representatives - and to Ms Porras personally - that job cuts were incoming. Ms Porras was given a low grade in a company evaluation of staff and so was let go, the ECJ said. The ruling explained: 'By today’s judgment, the Court rules that Directive 92/85 does not preclude national legislation which allows an employer to dismiss a pregnant worker in the context of a collective redundancy.' It added: 'In such cases, the employer must provide the dismissed pregnant worker with the reasons justifying the redundancy as well as the objective criteria chosen to identify the workers to be dismissed.' The case was sent to the ECJ by Catalonia's high court after Ms Porras appealed a court ruling in Mataro, near Barcelona.
966704411329298432	2018-02-22 16:01:06	https://t.co/5wj1svPOLy	Man is crushed to death by falling trunk when a traditional tree-cutting event in Peru goes horrifyingly wrong https://t.co/5wj1svPOLy	 This is the horrifying moment a carvival-goer died after being crushed by a falling tree at a traditional tree-cutting event. The death occurred in Puno, a city in southern Peru on Lake Titicaca, which was celebrating its town carnival. One of the region's most popular traditional events is the Yunza, where a tree is decorated with presents that people dance around and take turns trying to chop down. This age-old ritual centres on trees lavishly decorated with balloons, presents and colourful ribbons. After local residents have danced around it, an attempt is made to fell it with an axe, in just three strikes. The implement is then passed to another couple, who also try to chop it down in three strikes. When it eventually falls, everyone rushes to grab a present from its branches. However, one local man, later identified as Joel Ticora, lost his life when the tree toppled over in front of a cheering group and crushed him. He was given first aid at the carnival site before being transferred to the Hospital Juliaca in Puno, where he was later declared dead. The police arrived to carry out their enquiries, but found the party still in full swing. It was not the first time that an accident has marred this year's festival. One week ago, the singer of the popular group Puro Sentimiento (Pure Feeling) Thamara Gomez suffered an injury live on TV. Another celebrity guest, the male model 'Coto' Hernandez from Costa Rica, was swinging an axe at the Yunza when it slipped from his hands and caught the popular singer in the face. The images shocked viewers and the young musician had to be taken to A&E where local media reported that she needed eight stitches and lost several teeth. 
966701369880084481	2018-02-22 15:49:01	https://t.co/BbXfGXg3fn	Armed police seal off streets after reports of a gunman at large in Brussels suburb https://t.co/BbXfGXg3fn	 Belgian police sealed off several streets in Brussels after reports of armed men and a murder, sending in a massive team of specialist armed units into the neighbourhood where a suspect in the Paris attacks hid from authorities. They searched two apartments, warning residents to stay inside following witness reports that an armed man could be at large in the in the Forest neighborhood on Thursday. The area was reopened after about three hours and police spokeswoman Kathleen Calie later confirmed the incident was not terror-related. Earlier, masked police, some armed with automatic weapons, were aiming their guns high at a building near the Place Saint-Denis while a police helicopter flew overhead. During the search, they were pictured hiding behind buildings and staking out a building rooftop in the district. In 2016, it was the scene of a shootout with police involving Paris attacks suspect Salah Abdeslam that led to his capture three days later. Thursday's incident began after a Polish man reported what he said was a murder, Calie said. When police arrived at the address, they found nothing. 'It seems he may have expressed himself badly,' Calie said. But witnesses there said that an incident had happened at a nearby building and they reported seeing an armed man, so officers from Belgium's special federal police force were called in, she said. 'We can rule out terrorism,' Calie said. Local mayor Marc-Jean Ghyssels told broadcaster RTBF that police were called because of the 'presence of armed people in a building.' 'At this stage it seems to be a private dispute. There is absolutely no link with terrorism,' he said. The area was sealed off at around 12.15pm local time and people were warned to stay in their homes. But a police spokeswoman denied media reports that an armed gunman was hiding in the area, saying the heavily armed units were responding to reports of a possible murder. She said the special units of the federal police had been deployed in a major security operation after a Polish man reported that someone had been murdered in the morning. 'They are searching the buildings but we can say there has not been any terrorist attack,' she said. A local police spokesman told AFP a Polish man had gone to a local shop on Thursday 'and said that a murder had been committed at a local residence. 'The residence was visited and there was nothing. But other people spoke of a disturbance nearby.' Witnesses at the scene told local media that armed police at the scene were ready to fire. 'I was behind a bus when all of a sudden, the police came armed, they told us to leave the street,' one told RTBF. 'So I went around and there I saw people start running in all directions.' Belgium recently lowered its threat level after almost two years on high alert. In March 2016 suicide bomb attacks on the Brussels airport and an underground station killed 32 people. 
966699363971018752	2018-02-22 15:41:03	https://t.co/y1Aem49Y6q	New method of 3D tracking cancers provides a Google Earth-like view of tumours https://t.co/y1Aem49Y6q	 Scientists have discovered a way of 3D-tracking tumours, which could pave the way for better treatments, new research suggests. Ultrasound scans that provide a Google Earth-like view, doctors may be able to track cancers' response to treatments in real time, as well as assessing whether they have spread. By producing high-resolution maps, known as photoacoustic images, this technique could avoid the need for complex computer programmes that currently assess tumour progression. The technique also provides greater information than current two-dimensional images, which do not accurately show how large or aggressive tumours are. Study author Dr Jan Laufer from The Martin Luther University of Halle-Wittenberg in Germany, said: 'Due to its experimental simplicity and ease of implementation, this method enables imaging using a wide range of existing experimental and commercially available systems.' Around 357,000 people get diagnosed with cancer every year in the UK. A single blood test detects cancers with up to 98 per cent accuracy in patients without any symptoms, research suggested in January 2018. The assessment, known as CancerSEEK, picks up on DNA shed by mutating cells into the blood. The test can diagnose at least eight different types of cancer from ovarian to breast. Although the test's accuracy varies according to the type of cancer, it averages at around 70 per cent, which is better than any available early-diagnosis method, according to researchers from John Hopkins University. It is also able to detect the cancers' origins in around 80 per cent of cases, the study found. If given as part of a routine-screening programme, the researchers believe the test could catch tumors early, maximizing patients' survival chances. Study author Professor Bert Vogelstein said: 'This test represents the next step in changing the focus of cancer research from late-stage disease to early disease, which I believe will be critical to reducing cancer deaths in the long term. The researchers analysed blood samples from 1,005 cancer patients suffering from early-stage ovarian, liver, stomach, pancreatic, esophageal, colorectum, lung or breast forms of the disease. 'Powerful new approach' to studying cancer The researchers injected a gene that produces a fluorescent protein into the bowel tumours of diseased mice. They then fired a laser at these cancerous cells, which produced ultrasound waves that create a 3D image of the tissue. The researchers believe the technique could be used in other tumours aside from those affecting the bowel. Dr Laufer said: 'This method represents a powerful new approach to studying cellular and genetic processes which, due to its experimental simplicity, can be implemented in a wide range of existing platforms.' The findings were published in the journal Communications Physics. Wonder drug could stop cancer in its tracks Earlier this month, it was revealed a cancer drug is in development that could stop the disease in its tracks. The unnamed medication targets a specific enzyme that fuels the spread of tumours. It does this by binding to the membrane of rapidly multiplying cells, a study by Uppsala University found. This hijacks cancer's 'survival mechanism' and prevents tumours from attaching to the protein they need to thrive. 
966696345116577800	2018-02-22 15:29:03	https://t.co/Juz7ilQoWn	Tinder hackers find a major security flaw in the dating app https://t.co/Juz7ilQoWn	 Hackers could break into your Tinder account using just your phone number, experts say. The security flaw in the popular dating app could let attackers access your entire chat history without the need for a password. It takes advantage of a flaw in both the dating app's login process as well as a piece of Facebook-developed software that it's based on. The finding comes hot on the heels of a pair of major security flaws discovered in January that threatened to reveal your every swipe and match to strangers. Scroll down for video Researchers at Indian computer security firm Appsecure uncovered the bug. When you login to Tinder, it gives you the the option of using your phone number as a security identifier. This is then sent to Facebook's Account Kit for authentication. Appsecure found it could take this information and give anyone permission to access the account by generating a token, a string of data that contains the security credentials for a login session and identifies the user. Experts also found that Tinder's login system wasn't double checking that these access tokens matched the associated user's client ID, another string of data that identifies who a user is. In a blog post Anand Prakash, who discovered the flaw, said: 'The user clicks on Login with Phone Number on tinder.com and then they are redirected to Accountkit.com for login. 'If the authentication is successful then Account Kit passes the access token to Tinder for login. 'Interestingly, the Tinder API was not checking the client ID on the token provided by Account Kit. 'This enabled the attacker to use any other app’s access token provided by Account Kit to take over the real Tinder accounts of other users.' Both the vulnerabilities were fixed by Tinder and Facebook quickly, according to Mr Prakash. Facebook rewarded him with $5,000 (£3,600) and Tinder paid out $1,250 (£900), as part of a programme to encourage bug reporting. The fact that they existed in the first place may be cause for concern for users of the dating service. Tinder has since spoken out, however, to reassure its fanbase that the firm is working to address any vulnerabilities in its software. In a written statement, a spokesman for Tinder said: 'Security is a top priority at Tinder. 'Like other major global technology companies, we employ a network of tools and systems to protect the integrity of our platform. 'As part of our ongoing efforts in this arena, we employ a Bug Bounty Program and work with skilled security researchers across the globe to responsibly identify potential issues and quickly resolve them. 'At Tinder, we are constantly improving our protocols to not only meet, but exceed industry best practices. 'However, we do not discuss any specific security measures or strategies, so as not to tip off malicious hackers.' The first ever incarnation of a dating app can be traced back to 1995 when Match.com was first launched. The website allowed single people to upload a profile, a picture and chat to people online. The app was intended to allow people looking for long-term relationships to meet. eHarmony was developed in 2000 and two years later Ashley Madison, a site dedicated to infidelity and cheating, was first launched. A plethora of other dating sites with a unique target demographic were set up in the next 10-15 years including: OKCupid (2004), Plenty of Fish (2006), Grindr (2009) and Happn (2013). In 2012, Tinder was launched and was the first 'swipe' based dating platform. After its initial launch it's usage snowballed and by March 2014 there were one billion matches a day, worldwide. In 2014, co-founder of Tinder, Whitney Wolfe Herd launched Bumble, a dating app that empowered women by only allowing females to send the first message. The popularity of mobile dating apps such as Tinder, Badoo and more recently Bumble is attributable to a growing amount of younger users with a busy schedule. In the 1990s, there was a stigma attached to online dating as it was considered a last-ditch and desperate attempt to find love. This belief has dissipated and now around one third of marriages are between couples who met online. A survey from 2014 found that 84 per cent of dating app users were using online dating services to look for a romantic relationship. Twenty-four per cent stated that that they used online dating apps explicitly for sexual encounters.
966686282960302081	2018-02-22 14:49:04	https://t.co/o4XPIFc3Kj	Extinct Tasmanian tiger brought to life with stunning 3D scans https://t.co/o4XPIFc3Kj	 Australia's Tasmanian tiger has been extinct for more than 80 years but scientists have taken a step closer to bringing the animal back to life. Stunning 3D scans were used to reconstruct the development of the animal through its early life, using preserved specimens of the species. Unlike other marsupials, like kangaroos and wallabies, Tasmanian tigers have dog-like features - despite last sharing a common ancestor around 160 million years ago. The new scans have revealed that these canine attributes appear once their young, called joeys, have left their mother's womb. The find could help to unlock the genetic mysteries of the iconic creatures, which will aid scientists who hope to clone them and bring them back from extinction. Bioscientists from the University of Melbourne used CT scans to peek under the skin of 13 juvenile Tasmanian tiger, or thylacine, specimens housed collections around the world. By taking several X-ray images and compiling them, they created a virtual recreation of the joeys from every angle and at each stage of their development. The models let the team study their skeletons and internal organs to reconstruct their growth and development. The team's aim is to eventually 'target the genes or the genetic mechanisms that underlie that really specialised morphology.' Knowing how these animals mature is key if they are ever to be reincarnated. Lead author Christy Hipsley, from Museums Victoria, told the Guardian: 'As far as we know the Tasmanian tiger is completely gone. 'We can use another animal's cells as a scaffold and then insert the genome to try and reconstruct the Tasmanian tiger. 'So definitely, knowing the biology, the development, could help that process.' Young examples of the extinct carnivore are very rare. With only a handful of thylacine joey specimens left in the world, dissecting them would have been wasteful. The beyond-the-grave reconstruction indicated juveniles quickly developed their renowned dog and wolf-like features, despite belonging to the marsupial family. Scans showed that after three months, once joeys leave their mother's pouch, they took on the characteristics of a puppy and these canine traits continued to flourish. 'These scans show in incredible detail how the Tasmanian tiger started its journey in life as a joey that looked very much like any other marsupial, with robust forearms so that it could climb into its mother's pouch,' Ms Hipsley added. 'But by the time it left the pouch around 12 weeks to start independent life, it looked more like a dog or wolf, with longer hind limbs than forelimbs.' The animals came from museums and collections from all over the world and varied in age from 1.5 weeks old to 12 weeks old. The animal's resemblance to the dingo, a wild dog native to Australia, is one of the clearest examples of 'convergent evolution' in mammals. This is when two unrelated species evolve to look very similar. The tiger was known for its sandy yellow-brown fur and distinct set of black stripes across its mid-drift and hind legs. Once ranging throughout Australia and New Guinea, Thylacinus cynocephalus (Tasmanian tiger) disappeared from the mainland around 3,000 years ago. It has long been thought that this is likely due to competition with humans and dogs. The remaining population - isolated on the island of Tasmania - was hunted to extinction in the early 20th century. The last known individual died at Hobart Zoo in 1936. The juvenile specimens, representing five stages of postnatal development, were scanned using non-invasive X-ray micro-CT scanning technology to create high-resolution 3D digital models. University of Melbourne professor Andrew Pask said it was an effective technique to study the skeletal anatomy of the specimens without causing any damage. 'This research clearly demonstrates the power of CT technology,' he said. 'It has allowed us to scan all the known thylacine joey specimens in the world, and study their internal structures in high resolution without having to dissect or cause damage to the specimen. 'By examining their bone development, we´ve been able to illustrate how the Tasmanian tiger matured and identify when they took on the appearance of a dog.' Museums Victoria has received many requests over the years to dissect its Tasmanian tiger specimens still in the pouch, but always refused. 'This new technology enabled us to do research and answer many questions without destruction of the sample specimens,' said its senior curator of vertebrate zoology, Kathryn Medlock. Research done on December 2017 completely documented the genome of a thylacine specimen preserved in Australia. 'As this genome is one of the most complete for an extinct species, it is technically the first step in bringing the thylacine back,' University of Melbourne Associate Professor Andrew Pask told The Telegraph. With an understanding of how the unique animal grew and developed and a detailed knowledge of its genome, bringing back the marsupial could be possible within the next decade. The study was published in the journal Royal Society Open Science. CT (Computerised tomography) scan uses X-rays and a computer to create detailed images. They are several single X-rays that create a 2-dimensional images of a 'slice' or section of the specimen/individual. Although an X-ray creates a flat image, several can be combined to construct complex 3D images. A CT scanner emits a series of narrow beams as it moves through an arc. This is different from an X-ray machine, which sends just one radiation beam. The CT scan produces a more detailed final picture than an X-ray image. This data is transmitted to a computer, which builds up a 3-D cross-sectional picture of the part of the body and displays it on the screen. CT scans are used to get an in-depth view of hard to reach places and are commonly used in human medicine. They can be used to diagnose conditions to bones and internal organs as well as determining the size, location and shape of a tumour. CT scans are also used to recreate images of extinct animals or to get in depth view of fragile archaeological remains. 
966680952499003394	2018-02-22 14:27:53	https://t.co/nz9NmqTGru	More than two thirds of all countries are corrupt...with Somalia the worst in the world https://t.co/nz9NmqTGru	 More than two thirds of all countries are corrupt - with Russia and China among them, a major study has revealed. Somalia has once again been named the world's most corrupt nation while New Zealand and Denmark topped the opposite end of the list, produced by Transparency International. Britain was named the eighth least corrupt country alongside Canada, Luxembourg and the Netherlands while the US was joint sixteenth along with Belgium and Austria. Transparency ranks 180 countries and territories by perceived levels of public sector corruption where zero is highly corrupt and 100 is very clean. This year, it found that more than two-thirds of countries scored below 50 including China, on 41, and Russia, which received a score of just 29. Its annual Corruption Perceptions Index gave the United Kingdom a score of 82 - a one point improvement on last year but behind the likes of Finland, Denmark, Norway, Switzerland, Singapore and Sweden. The US received a score of 75. Australia fell eight points since 2012 and is now ranked in 13th place with 77 points, tied with Hong Kong and Iceland. At the bottom end of the table, Somalia, with a score of just nine, was ranked most corrupt, followed by South Sudan, Syria, Afghanistan and Yemen. Transparency International released the findings along with a warning that corruption continues to be a global problem with the majority of countries moving too slowly in their efforts to combat it. The watchdog said its 2017 Corruption Perceptions Index 'reveals some disturbing information.' 'Despite attempts to combat corruption around the world, the majority of countries are moving too slowly in their efforts,' the Berlin-based organisation said. 'While stemming the tide against corruption takes time, in the last six years many countries have still made little to no progress.' Transparency's index relies upon 13 expert data sources, including assessments from the World Bank, the African Development Bank and the World Economic Forum, to determine levels of bribery, diversion of public funds, use of public office for private gain and other issues of corruption. The best performing region was Western Europe with an average score of 66, while the worst performing region was sub-Saharan Africa with an average of 32, followed closely by Eastern Europe and Central Asia with an average of 34. The global average was 43. Britain was cited as one of the most improved over the past six years, raising its score by eight points since 2012 to 82, placing it in this year's rankings one point above Germany and tied with the Netherlands, Luxembourg and Canada. The United States was tied in 16th place, along with Austria and Belgium, with a score of 75. Other large increases since 2012 were seen in Greece, which rose 12 points to a score of 48 to put it in 59th place this year, Belarus which rose 13 points for a score of 44 and 68th place, and Myanmar which rose 15 points for a score of 30 and 130th place. Large declines since 2012 included Syria, which dropped 12 points, Bahrain, which dropped 15, and St. Lucia, which dropped 16. Incorporating data from the Committee to Protect Journalists, Transparency said it found that journalists were in particular danger in corrupt nations. Over the last six years, more than nine of 10 journalists were killed in countries that scored lower than 45 on the index, and one in five journalists who died was covering a story about corruption. Looking at data from the World Justice Project, Transparency said it found that most countries that score low for civil liberties also tend to score high for corruption. 'Smear campaigns, harassment, lawsuits and bureaucratic red tape are all tools used by certain governments in an effort to quiet those who drive anti-corruption efforts,' said Patricia Moreira, Transparency's managing director. 
966676145331634176	2018-02-22 14:08:47	https://t.co/e47EcAUFsk	Heart-stopping moment small child plays on a ninth-floor window ledge for ten minutes in Brazil https://t.co/e47EcAUFsk	 Heart-stopping video of a toddler walking calmly along a window ledge on the ninth floor of a building has left viewers shocked that the incident did not end in tragedy. The child, aged between three and four, was filmed on Tuesday at about 6pm by a worker watching from an office located in front of the residential building in Goiania, central west Brazil. The woman, who preferred not to be named, recounted how she saw the little imp climb out of the bedroom window and saunter confidently up and down the windowsill, to the balcony and back, as if it was the 'most normal thing to do'. The tot's 30m-high (around 100ft) antics continued for about 10 minutes until an adult appeared on the balcony and took him down with a scolding. But even after being reprimanded, the little rascal appeared again outside the window minutes later, while another child inside the room tried to climb out to copy what the older sibling was doing. However, on this occasion the mother was quick to react and took her son down once again. The terrified worker said to Anhanguera TV: 'I was beside myself with worry and will never forget the panic I felt watching this scene unfold before my eyes. 'It's hard to see with the naked eye, but I realised the window has got a protective security screen over it and this acted as a safety net. 'But the boy treated the window sill as if it was a play area and slid the window frame back and forth as part of his game. Although the security mesh was there, it could easily have pulled away from the wall and I can't bear to think what would have happened next.' In desperation, the office worker asked a colleague to run to the building to alert the caretaker and residents in the apartment. She is heard saying on the video: 'Someone has gone over there to warn the porter and to ask him to call the flat where the child is. My heart is beating so fast with the desperation.' The caretaker was unable, however, to get hold of anyone in the flat. The concerned eye-witness said: 'I was watching all the time and I must have held my breath for the duration the child was on the window's edge. He must have thought he was Spiderman. 'And I couldn't believe how calm the mum was when she saw him do it again. It was as if it was a routine stunt and she was used to it. She clearly told him off but that didn't seem to make much of a difference.' Lieutenant colonel Fernando Caramaschi of Goiana fire department who watched the footage said: 'The screen is a piece of security equipment which is there for protection to stop birds entering into the room and to prevent someone from falling out of the window, but it may not always hold under a certain level of stress. 'Every screen has a valid by date and the warranty expires after about five years. Rain and sunshine also affect its integrity and lifetime. 'All parents in high rise flats should be checking their screens frequently to see if the screws are still holding strong and not rotting due to the weather, and the mesh is not weakening under environmental factors,' he said, adding that regular maintenance should be done by a reputable company to ensure the screen continues to meet safety standards. The fire officer stressed it is also very important for parents to educate their children against such risky behaviour. He continued: 'The more the child does this, the more confident he becomes believing that all is fine. But one day this may not be case.' In 2009, a six-month-old baby girl fell to her death from the seventh floor of a building in Rio de Janeiro after the safety mesh on the balcony gave way. According to the distraught parents, the child was playing on the father's lap when she slipped and fell between the balcony railings and the protective net, which had been in place for more than five years, failed to hold her weight.
966670246944833536	2018-02-22 13:45:21	https://t.co/WzdWBN4w2l	Fingerprints are identified on a bullet AFTER firing with 68% accuracy in 'game-changing' breakthrough https://t.co/WzdWBN4w2l	 Scientists in Bristol have developed a ground-breaking forensic technology that allows fingerprints to be obtained from bullets for the first time. West Technology Forensics's system could be used by police forces across the world to help solve thousands of unsolved gun crimes. These might include the 1963 assassination of President Kennedy which has always been shrouded by conspiracy theories and the 1984 murder of WPC Yvonne Fletcher outside the Libyan Embassy in London. As a result of the heat and pressure created when guns are fired there is just a one per cent chance of recovering fingerprints from used bullet or shotgun casings using current techniques. But the newly developed process, which is already attracting the interest of forensic scientists and police forces worldwide, has shown an initial 68 per cent success rate for some casings. The technology behind the process, Vacuum Metal Deposition (VMD), has been used by the forensic science and police communities for several decades. It was key in gathering the crucial evidence to convict a number of high profile murderers including the infamous Scottish serial killer Peter Tobin. Tobin was convicted after the VMD technique was used to recover his fingerprints from a bin bag he used when he disposed of the body of one of his victims Vicky Hamilton. The VMD process is simple to use; evidence is placed in a vacuum chamber and then tiny amounts of metal, traditionally gold and zinc, are heated and vaporised. These metallic vapours, then attach on to the evidence and make any invisible or latent fingerprints become visible to the naked eye. The VMD process was originally developed as a result of the IRA's bombing campaign in the 1970s and '80s. Until now it has been used to recover fingerprints from various evidence materials including paper, plastics and fabrics. Eleigh Brewer, a forensic scientist at West Technology based in Bristol, has been carrying out research on fired bullets for just under a year with remarkable success. The scientist, a world-leader in her field, has been using different metals in her research and discovered that silver or sterling silver yielded the best results for developing fingerprints on fired bullets and shotgun casings. Vacuum Metal Deposition (VMD), has been used by the forensic science and police communities for several decades. The VMD process is simple to use; evidence is placed in a vacuum chamber and then tiny amounts of metal, traditionally gold and zinc, are heated and vaporised. These metallic vapours then attach on to the evidence and make any invisible or latent fingerprints become visible to the naked eye. The VMD process was originally developed as a result of the IRA's bombing campaign in the 1970s and '80s. VMD is often used for items that have been exposed to harsh or extreme environments. Many heavy metals and alloys are used to form a physical layer over the print. The particles form a 'reverse image' as they adhere to the ridges of the prints not the gaps between. This means it does not interfere with any further DNA analysis that can take place on the same piece of evidence in an investigation. The technique used high temperatures and almost a complete vacuum to get the heavy metals to stick to the fingerprints. West Technology work with police and forensic science laboratories around the world and customers include the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department, NYPD and several major UK police forces. Their system was recently used to solve a knife murder in Austria even though the blade had been wiped clean after the killing. Despite the emergence of DNA evidence, fingerprints are still considered in courtrooms as the most reliable form of evidence when it comes to successfully obtaining convictions. DNA material can be vulnerable to contamination and human error but fingerprint evidence is still seen as the best way to connect a suspect to a specific location or prove they have handled a piece of evidence. Ian Harris, the managing director of West Technology, is convinced his company has come up with technology which has the potential to clear up thousands of unsolved gun crimes. He said: 'Until now it has been accepted wisdom by police forces and forensic scientists across the world that it is pretty much impossible to recover fingerprints from fired ammunition. 'We have been working on different VMD processes since last March and are delighted with the results when we used silver and sterling silver.' He added: 'The potential for this new process is enormous when you take into account the number of unsolved gun crimes across the world. 'In certain countries there are very high rates of gun crime compared to here in the UK. 'Every police force has a cold case unit and there must be thousands of murders and shootings that could be solved easily and quickly with the use of this technology.' Investigators do not have to be experts to be able to use the system thanks to the way it has been designed and manufactured. Mr Harris added: 'We have had a lot of interest from police forces because of the high success levels we have had with our research. 'And the success rates of our tests also have the potential to save valuable time and money for police forces who are under increasing pressure to solve high-profile violent crimes and murders. 'When fingerprints are recovered from used bullet casings then there is the potential to clear up crimes as soon as the evidence is recovered. 'If there is strong evidence against a suspect then they are much more likely to admit to the crime which means there won't be as much need for lengthy and expensive investigations. 'However, the most important thing in all of this is that we have developed the technology which has the capability to ensure people who have carried out life-changing crimes will be brought to justice.' Eleigh Brewer said: 'The key to the breakthrough is the use of alternative metals such as silver and sterling silver instead of the traditional gold and zinc. 'The use of single metal processes opens up exciting prospects for other difficult exhibits such as smartphones, IEDs and fabrics. 'We knew from previous experience that VMD could develop fingerprints on a range of difficult exhibits, including items that had been submerged and buried, so we wanted to test to see if it could develop prints on fired ammunition. 'It's fair to say the amazing results we've had so far were a pleasant surprise and very exciting.' She added: 'It's a game changer. Even if the success rates drop for real police casework, VMD will still offer significantly more than any other technique. 'What I find exciting and most rewarding is that police forces that invest in VMD technology won't only have a strong chance of developing prints from ammunition and firearms, they'll also have a technique that can process other difficult exhibits. 'If the use of VMD can help solve even a small proportion of crimes that have involved firearms then I will be extremely happy; the effort I have put in to this research will have paid off and the knowledge of knowing that it has helped victims of crime is the best reward I could ask for. 'I think the breakthrough is in the use of single metal processes, such as silver and sterling silver. The traditional gold and zinc process is not suitable for this type of evidence. 'It was very exciting when I first successfully developed a fingerprint on a fired casing. It was completely unexpected, given the reported lack of success of all other fingerprinting techniques. 'What made it more exciting was the level of detail we had managed to develop. The fingerprint would have easily been identifiable.' President John F Kennedy's assassination has attracted conspiracy theories ever since he was gunned down in Dallas on Nov. 22, 1963. In 1964, the Warren Commission concluded that former Marine Lee Harvey Oswald was the only person responsible for assassinating Kennedy. In 1979, however, the United States House Select Committee on Assassinations concluded that Kennedy was probably assassinated as a result of a conspiracy, although it did not identify any individuals or groups. Countless articles, books, films and documentaries over the years have put forward alternative explanations. These have included accusations of involvement of the CIA, the Mafia, sitting Vice President Lyndon B Johnson, Cuban Prime Minister Fidel Castro and the KGB. Some go further to suggest the US government covered up crucial information in the aftermath of the assassination. Thousands of previously classified records released in 2017 still haven't settled the best-known, real-life whodunit in American history. One file revealed how, just a few hours after Lee Harvey Oswald was killed in Dallas, FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover dictated a memo. This said that the government needed to issue something 'so we can convince the public' that Oswald killed President John F. Kennedy. Official documents like this have only served to fuel the fervor of anyone convinced of a cover-up. 
966666140956098560	2018-02-22 13:29:02	https://t.co/3lPxtsWaGz	Fascinating images reveal what life is like for the water-dwelling Bajau people https://t.co/3lPxtsWaGz	 These fascinating images reveal what life is like for the Bajau people - a nomadic tribe who spend their lives on the water. The group have been dubbed 'sea gypsies' thanks to the fact they continue to live a seaborne lifestyle off the coast of Borneo. The striking images - taken by photographer Claudio Sieber - show youngsters out catching fish in long narrow canoes. The Bajau people have severed ties with the mainland, instead choosing to live a nomadic lifestyle on the open ocean. Standing on stilts above the lapping waves, the Bajau built an off-shore community that relies solely on the ocean to survive. Instead of learning about algebra or science, the Bajau children are given a net and taught to catch fish, octopus and lobsters off their unique handmade boats. The children reportedly spend so much time in the ocean that their eyes have adjusted to see more clearly underwater and much like sea sickness for those who live on land, they also experience 'land sickness' when they leave the water. The Bajau's ties with the ocean run so deep that they even measure time by the movement of the tides, instead of wasting their days counting the minutes and hours. Sieber took the pictures off Borneo where the Bajau are able to dive up to 20 metres without the use of modern scuba gear. They even reportedly experience land sickness when they leave the water. Claudio, 36, who is from Switzerland, said the community there rely 'soley on the ocean'. His images show one man making his own boat without any instruction and two men building a new stilt house in the water. Claudio said: 'Most of the Bajau I spoke with have no citizenship and therefore no rights to settle ashore, nor will they ever be able to send their kids to Malay schools, where a Malaysian identity card is needed for educational access. 'For the Bajau, life on the water is just a part of who they are. Living in marine homes above shallow waters the Bajau gather in off-shore communities which rely solely on the ocean. 'Their isolation has allowed them to continue a simple way of life that their ancestors led. A lot of the Bajau I've met are here by choice, the choice to live in the middle of nowhere.' 
966662858779086848	2018-02-22 13:15:59	https://t.co/iwyrn7ru6D	Belgian police seal off part of Brussels amid reports of 'multiple gunmen' https://t.co/iwyrn7ru6D https://t.co/WaZi3q3HQM	 Belgian police sealed off several streets in Brussels after reports of armed men and a murder, sending in a massive team of specialist armed units into the neighbourhood where a suspect in the Paris attacks hid from authorities. They searched two apartments, warning residents to stay inside following witness reports that an armed man could be at large in the in the Forest neighborhood on Thursday. The area was reopened after about three hours and police spokeswoman Kathleen Calie later confirmed the incident was not terror-related. Earlier, masked police, some armed with automatic weapons, were aiming their guns high at a building near the Place Saint-Denis while a police helicopter flew overhead. During the search, they were pictured hiding behind buildings and staking out a building rooftop in the district. In 2016, it was the scene of a shootout with police involving Paris attacks suspect Salah Abdeslam that led to his capture three days later. Thursday's incident began after a Polish man reported what he said was a murder, Calie said. When police arrived at the address, they found nothing. 'It seems he may have expressed himself badly,' Calie said. But witnesses there said that an incident had happened at a nearby building and they reported seeing an armed man, so officers from Belgium's special federal police force were called in, she said. 'We can rule out terrorism,' Calie said. Local mayor Marc-Jean Ghyssels told broadcaster RTBF that police were called because of the 'presence of armed people in a building.' 'At this stage it seems to be a private dispute. There is absolutely no link with terrorism,' he said. The area was sealed off at around 12.15pm local time and people were warned to stay in their homes. But a police spokeswoman denied media reports that an armed gunman was hiding in the area, saying the heavily armed units were responding to reports of a possible murder. She said the special units of the federal police had been deployed in a major security operation after a Polish man reported that someone had been murdered in the morning. 'They are searching the buildings but we can say there has not been any terrorist attack,' she said. A local police spokesman told AFP a Polish man had gone to a local shop on Thursday 'and said that a murder had been committed at a local residence. 'The residence was visited and there was nothing. But other people spoke of a disturbance nearby.' Witnesses at the scene told local media that armed police at the scene were ready to fire. 'I was behind a bus when all of a sudden, the police came armed, they told us to leave the street,' one told RTBF. 'So I went around and there I saw people start running in all directions.' Belgium recently lowered its threat level after almost two years on high alert. In March 2016 suicide bomb attacks on the Brussels airport and an underground station killed 32 people. 
966661106520518657	2018-02-22 13:09:02	https://t.co/nFlHOQGPEG	Fascinating 1960s cryogenics footage reveals the crude first attempts at freezing bodies https://t.co/nFlHOQGPEG	 Fascinating footage from the 1960s has shed light on the formative years of cryopreservation, which could one day see humans return from the dead. The short film shows the early work of the Cryonic Society in Phoenix, Arizona, as a team of scientists piece together ground-breaking preservation equipment. Cryonics has long been touted as a route to life after death or immortality, and the video's narrator suggests 'the freezing of biological matter is the answer'. A model is seen giving a demonstration of how one man has already been frozen as she is placed in a long, metal cylinder and wrapped head-to-toe in tin foil. The video, first aired in 1967, shows both the interior and exterior of a lab operated by the Cryocare Equipment Corporation. Now defunct, the firm worked closely with the California-based Cryonics Society, a nonprofit organisation that still supports and promotes cryonics research today. 'The possibility of life after death is explored in Phoenix, Arizona, by the Cryonic Society,' the video's narrator says. 'They believe that cryobiology, the freezing of biological matter, is the answer. They propose freezing bodies in cold storage capsules, scientists are mostly sceptical. 'A model demonstrates how one person, a California man who died of cancer, has already been frozen. 'A freezing liquid replaces the blood supply, and the subject is wrapped in aluminium foil and placed in a capsule at 220 degrees below zero centigrade.' The concept of Cryonics was introduced in 1962 by, Robert Ettinger, Founder of the Cryonics Institute in a book titled 'The Prospect of Immortality'. The process involves cooling a recently deceased person to liquid nitrogen temperatures in order to keep the body preserved indefinitely. While it is hoped that resuscitation and restoration to full health may be possible in the future, cryopreservation of humans is not reversible with present technology. 'Cryonicists' hope that medical advances will someday allow for the revival of cryopreserved people. Attitudes of mainstream scientists have not changed much in over fifty years since the video was broadcast, with many remaining sceptical about the practice. Around 350 people worldwide have had their corpse preserved at low temperatures immediately after death in the hope it can be revived in the future. The Michigan-based Cryonics Institute, the world's largest cryogenics storage facility, has frozen 160 patients at its headquarters. The firm claims it has almost 2,000 people signed up to be frozen after they die. The first person to undergo cryogenic freezing was Dr James Bedford, 72, a psychology lecturer who was preserved on 12 January, 1967. He had been suffering from kidney cancer that had metastasised to his lungs, and was frozen free of charge thanks to an offer from the Life Extension Society, the world's first cryonics organisation. It advertised: 'LES offers to freeze free of charge the first person desirous and in need of cryogenic suspension.' After freezing his body with dimethyl sulfoxide, a chemical that was thought to help preserve the organs and tissues, experts placed his body in liquid nitrogen. Dr Bedford now lies suspended in liquid nitrogen in a vault in Scottsdale, Arizona. In 2016, a 14-year-old British teenager with terminal cancer won a landmark court case to have her body cryogenically frozen. She hoped that she could be woken up when scientists eventually find a cure for the disease, and won her court case days before she died. The girl’s divorced parents had disagreed over whether her wish to be frozen should be granted, so the teenager, who cannot be named for legal reasons, asked a High Court judge to intervene. After Mr Justice Peter Jackson ruled in her favour, her body was frozen and taken to a storage facility in Detroit. She is one of just 10 Britons to have been cryogenically preserved, and remains the only British child to undergo the procedure. WHAT IS CRYONICS? The deep freezing of a body to -196°C (-321°F). Anti-freeze compounds are injected into the corpse to stop cells being damaged. The hope is that medical science will advance enough to bring the patient back to life. Two main US organisations carry out cryonics in the US: Alcor, in Arizona, and the Cryonics Institute, in Michigan. Russian firm KrioRus is one of two facilities outside the US to offer the service, alongside Alcor's European laboratory in Portugal. HOW IS IT MEANT TO WORK? The process can only take place once the body has been declared legally dead. Ideally, it begins within two minutes of the heart stopping and no more than 15. The body must be packed in ice and injected with chemicals to reduce blood clotting. At the cryonics facility, it is cooled to just above 0°C and the blood is replaced with a solution to preserve organs. The body is injected with another solution to stop ice crystals forming in organs and tissues, then cooled to -130°C. The final step is to place the body into a container which is lowered into a tank of liquid nitrogen at -196°C. WHAT'S THE CHANCE OF SUCCESS? Many experts say there is none. Organs such as the heart and kidneys have never been successfully frozen and thawed. It is even less likely a whole body, and the brain, could be without irreversible damage. HOW MUCH DOES IT COST? Charges at the Cryonics Institute start at around £28,000 ($35,000) to 'members' for whole-body cryopreservation. Rival group Alcor charges £161,000 ($200,000) while KrioRus' procedure will set you back £29,200 ($37,600). HOW LONG BEFORE PEOPLE CAN BE BROUGHT BACK TO LIFE? Cryonics organisations claim it could be decades or even centuries. However, medical experts say once cells are damaged during freezing and turned to 'mush' they cannot be converted back to living tissue, any more than you can turn a scrambled egg back into a raw egg. 
966657333848879105	2018-02-22 12:54:02	https://t.co/mmooWvaM6l	The world's heaviest man shows off his 551lb weight loss https://t.co/mmooWvaM6l	 A Mexican name who was named the world's heaviest, who once tipped the scales at 1302lbs is showing off his 551lb weight-loss. Juan Pedro Franco, 33 was declared the heaviest person alive by the Guinness World Records in 2017. But now after two gastric band surgeries and a strict exercise regime he has reduced his weight to under a 1000lbs and one day dreams of standing again. Since he started just over a year ago he has shed 551lbs which is the equivalent of a silverback gorilla. However Franco's ultimate aim is to be able to walk again after years of being combined to his bedroom. Franco first made headlines in November 2016 when he was admitted to the clinic after making the trip via a specially-adapted van to the western city of Guadalajara, Jalisco. At the time, Castaneda said Mr Franco's obesity and related conditions, including diabetes, had made the operation impossible and he needed to lose weight. Franco went on a three-month diet and lost 385lbs to prepare him for the operation in Guadalajara which intended to dropped his weight by half. He then had a second similar operation in November 2017 which involved key-hole surgery to divide Franco's stomach by half giving him a much smaller capacity. Franco has been obese all of his life, but he got even bigger following a car crash at the age of 17. He is from the small Mexican state of Aguacalientes and has been in Guadalajara for his treatment over the last year. His mother Maria de Jesus Salas Lemus is optimistic about the programme which was prompted by health threats ranging from diabetes to organ failure. According to the World Health Organisation, Mexico is a global leader in obesity with 35 percent of its adolescents overweight or obese. Juan Pedro Franco says he was chubby at school – at six years old he weighed nearly 10 stone. The Mexican's weight went up and up and at 17 he weighed just over 36 stone. His weight ballooned further as a teenager when he had a crippling traffic accident, followed by a bout of pneumonia, which left him bed-ridden for more than a year. The accomplished guitar player appealed for help last July when he announced he weighed just over 60 stone, revealing he hadn't left his box room for six years. He said he feared he would die after having to quit a special diet which his OAP parents couldn't afford. His plight became world news when pictures emerged of him being transported from his home in the central Mexican city of Aguascalientes to a clinic 100 miles away in Guadalajara last November. He was then was initially thought to weigh 79 stone. However, doctors discovered he was nearly 15 stone heavier than they first thought. When he was taken to hospital he was found to weigh a near record-breaking 92st 9lbs. Franco was put on a three-month diet so that he could be considered for weight loss surgery booked in for May. Doctor Jose Antonio Castaneda, the specialist assisting him, said: 'Everything we're doing has been mapped out and if everything goes to plan in a year and a half we'll have him down to between 12 and 14 stone.' 
966656090829189120	2018-02-22 12:49:06	https://t.co/wyCoW2Lv8G	Quick-thinking policeman realises there isn’t enough time to use a carpet to catch falling boy and does it HIMSELF https://t.co/wyCoW2Lv8G	 This is the dramatic moment a brave police officer saves a five-year-old boy after he fell from a third floor balcony. CCTV footage shows people looking above to where the child is precariously balanced and three police officers rushing around trying to figure out how best to catch the little one. The policemen can be seen trying to use a carpet found nearby, but realising that won’t work, one of the officers holds out his arms to catch the child as he falls. The young boy can be seen plummeting from an apartment in Assiut, Egypt, but remarkably is uninjured from the horrific fall. Yet the courageous police officer who catches the petrified boy is taken to hospital for treatment. Following the rescue, the three officers were honoured by the regional governor, Yasser El-Desouky. Not only were the policeman praised for their actions, they were also given financial rewards. They were honoured for their ‘humane role’ in savings the boy’s life. The incident took place on February 17.
966651043714076672	2018-02-22 12:29:02	https://t.co/zmlwFBfXMw	Revealed: The crucial error drinkers overlook that can RUIN a cup of tea https://t.co/zmlwFBfXMw	 A cup of tea seems easy enough to make but how good it tastes depends wildly on how long you brew for, and at which stage you add the milk. But tea experts have said there is a crucial error drinkers often overlook that can easily ruin a perfectly good brew. They told Good Housekeeping that keeping your kettle clean is the real secret to the best-tasting cuppa as limescale can severely affect the flavour. Limescale - the hard, chalky residue that builds up over time in kettles and sinks - isn't dangerous to drink but can really affect the taste of tea, according to Tom Price, senior tea buyer for JING Tea. He told Good Housekeeping: 'Hard water and the build-up of limescale both have a significant impact on the taste of tea, owing to a higher concentration of minerals such as calcium and magnesium that build-up over time. 'These elements flatten the flavour and textures of tea.' Tea expert Mae King Tsang agreed and added that hard water makes the flavour compounds in tea harder to dissolve, which results in a weak-tasting brew. Keeping your kettle clean and limescale free should help to improve the taste of any cups of tea you make at home. Tom also recommends investing in a water filter if you live in a hard water area. Good Housekeeping's cleaning experts recommend you descale a kettle every four to six weeks. Verity Mann, head of testing at the Good Housekeeping Institute, revealed the best way to clean a kettle: 'Fill the kettle with a mixture of half white vinegar and half water and leave to soak overnight.' Rinse thoroughly and any tough limescale should have shifted. 
966650267922989056	2018-02-22 12:25:58	https://t.co/qlr8zI1F6y	Gucci branded 'offensive and irresponsible' for sending white models down the runway in turbans https://t.co/qlr8zI1F6y	 Luxury brand Gucci has been hit with a backlash after sending white models down the runway in Sikh turbans to showcase its fall 2018 collection at Milan Fashion Week. Actor and model Avan Jogia, 32, who is a dual citizen of Canada and the UK, drew attention to the issue by sharing his disappointment with the creative director Alessandro Michele's decision on Twitter. The television star, who was born Chutkara Patel Jogia and has roots in Hinduisim and Buddhism, fumed: 'This isn't a good look for you. Could you not find a brown model?' Avan's followers responded to his tweet saying Gucci had 'hit a new low' and that it was 'offensive and irresponsible' of the brand with celebrity fans such as Rihanna, Blake Lively Gigi Hadid. Many others who pointed out that the headgear, which is also known as a Dastaar and is important part of the Sikh religion, should not to be used as a fashion statement. People took to Twitter in their droves to share their disgust over the use of turbans, which are mandatory for all Sikh men and women. One woman, who described herself as a practising Sikh said: 'My blood is boiling right now. As a Sikh, I see this as a huge sign of disrespect and disregard towards Sikhism. A turban, which is also known as a dastaar, is mandatory for practising Sikh men and women as they must cover their heads when in public. The dastaar is an article of faith that represents honour, self-respect, courage, spirituality, and piety. For a Sikh, the dastaar (Sikh turban) is a religious requirement by the Guru’s own injunction seen as a 'gift'. Dastaar is an essential article of faith for male Sikhs, about that there should be no misunderstanding: men must wear it, while it is optional for women. Source: Sikhnet 'It isn’t hard to educate yourself on the significance of a turban. This isn’t a mere fashion accessory! Thank you Avan for speaking out on this.' Another angry person said: 'This is unacceptable and offensive Gucci. Wearing another religions article of faith is not fashion, its appropriation! 'Sikh men are profiled and discriminated against every day for wearing a turban, yet when you put in on a white person, it’s suddenly fashionable and cool?!?!' Others suggested that the fashion house and its creative director Alessandro Michele, should have hired a Sikh model instead to avoid the controversy. The fashion house, which is yet to comment on the furore, also showcased a model carrying a baby dragon, while two others toted around lifelike replicas of their own heads, as well as others dressed in Mexican face masks during the odd collection which was set in a operating theatre. Alessandro Michele appeared to be aiming for maximum oddity during the show, which was held at the Gucci Hub in Milan on Wednesday. From the setting (a brightly-lid operating theatre, complete with overhead LED nights and operating tables) to props (which included dragons, severed heads, and Mexican wrestling-inspired face masks), there wasn't a thing that didn't raise eyebrows at the seriously strange presentation. When guests arrived, they sat in what looked like an operating theatre. The walls had been painted a hospital green, and even the chairs were picked to look like those used in waiting rooms. Operating tables were placed at intervals on the runway, with LED lights hung overhead. Shockingly, things only got stranger. Several models, both male and female, carried what looked like severed versions of their own heads. The nearly exact replicas gave the impression that they were toting along the heads of their identical twins. Wrestling masks weren't the only face coverings, though they showed up teamed with lacy breast-baring tops and evening gowns. One model wore a pink lace mask, while another wore an embellished yarn piece. Several models also wore dragon brooches, with one male model even carrying what looked like a baby dragon from Game of Thrones. According to the brand, the dragon was 'inspired by the "Legend of the baby dragon in the jar," the real story of an author who staged finding a baby dragon in his garage in Oxfordshire, England.' Dozens more models sported more Yankees logos, turbans, and unflattering 80s frames, but most just piled on layer after layer of clashing prints and colors. All in all, the effect was of a bunch of kids let loose in a thrift store, dressing up in as many crazy pieces as they could find. The show, which was aptly called 'Cyborg,' was quite clearly about mixing and melding clashing parts to make a new whole. 
966646011358834688	2018-02-22 12:09:03	https://t.co/FnXN9ANYUS	Hilarious photos capture unwitting fans posing with strangers they mistook for celebrities https://t.co/FnXN9ANYUS	 These hilarious pictures capture fans posing with strangers they mistook for some of the world's biggest stars. From 'Johnny Depp' snacking on a late-night hot dog to 'Oprah Winfrey' in economy class, the fans didn't seem to question the unlikely scenarios in which they stumbled across their idols. Meanwhile the lookalikes were all too happy to pose for a picture with the unwitting fans - apparently enjoying the attention of looking like a celebrity. The fans then shared the snaps on social media, with many of them appearing on a Reddit thread about famous Doppelgangers. Here, FEMAIL shares some of the best examples... 
966645786154061829	2018-02-22 12:08:09	https://t.co/IrecCzXBq4	Users worldwide go into meltdown after massive Facebook and Instagram outage https://t.co/IrecCzXBq4	 Facebook and Instagram have crashed causing a global Twitter meltdown as users complain they have to talk to their loved ones in person. Thousands of users of the two Facebook-owned services have reported a huge outage that has left some unable to access their profiles for several hours. The problem first appeared this morning in mainland Europe and parts of south-east Asia, but has since spread to users in the United States, with Facebook still yet to address or comment on ongoing disruptions. Twitter users have posted a string of hilarious responses to the outage, with one person writing 'my heart is breaking'. Another asked: 'Does this mean that I actually have to work now?' Users began reporting issues with the two platforms around 10:30am GMT (5:30am ET) this morning. Despite hitting three continents, the UK has been largely spared from the fault. Since this morning, more than 1,000 people have reported problems with Instagram on DownDetector, a website that tracks outage reports. Around 900 Facebook users have reported issues with the social media site to DownDetector. Visitors to Facebook's website are met with a statement which says: 'Sorry, something went wrong. 'We're working on it and we'll get it fixed as soon as we can.' Instagram users were left seeing a page reading: 'Oops, an error occurred.' January 2018 An issue started just before 6pm GMT (1pm ET) with thousands of users reporting a total blackout on the site. A live outage map showed outage hot-spots across the United States, with the northeast hit particularly hard. Facebook was also down for users along the West Coast, in Mexico, and in parts of South America. Parts of Europe also appeared to be affected by the outage, with reports that Facebook is down coming primarily from the UK and Germany. October 2017 Both Facebook and Instagram went down for thousands of users. Some of those attempting to go onto the sites were shown a blank page, with nothing loading. Others reported they could only load certain parts of the websites or apps of the two Facebook-owned services. Some reported the sites worked fine until they try to post an update or image, at which point they shut down. The issue was widespread, with reports of outage popping up in Brazil, Japan, India and parts of Europe - though the outage has not affected everyone in these regions. It remains unclear whether the outage is the result of an internal issue at Facebook or whether it's been caused by outside influences. Users have taken to Twitter to vent their frustrations at the the outages. User @eliinkaarlssonn tweeted: 'Facebook and Instagram is down?? does this mean that i actually have to work now?' Posting a picture of a Facebook error screen, user @profinblack wrote: 'This just happened. People be panicking in 3... 2... 1... #FacebookDown'.
966640973458624512	2018-02-22 11:49:02	https://t.co/TE6hbGwHb3	Woman who complained of severe bloating discovers SURGICAL SPONGES had been left inside her stomach https://t.co/TE6hbGwHb3	 Surgical sponges were left inside a woman up to nine years after her c-section, a report reveals. The unnamed woman, 42, believed to be from Chiba in Japan, went to her doctor complaining of bloating that had lasted three years. A scan revealed two gauze sponges had become attached to her large intestine and the tissue that connects the stomach to other parts of the abdomen. Scientists believe the sponges were left behind after one of the patient's two Caesarean sections, which took place nine and six years ago. Due to the sponges not being attached to her uterus, the patient would have been able to conceive a second time without problems. Following the removal of the sponges, the patient's symptoms have improved. She was discharged five days after her surgery. In the US, up to 6,000 surgical instruments are left inside patients' bodies every year. Of which, around 70 per cent are sponges and the remainder items such as clamps. Surgeon did not take responsibility According to Dr Takeshi Kondo, a general medicine physician at Chiba University Hospital and a lead author of the report, the patient met with the surgeon who performed her c-sections, who stated there is insufficient evidence to support him being responsible for her symptoms. The patient had undergone no other abdominal or pelvic procedures. Dr Kondo added many Japanese hospitals perform routine screening of patients' abdomens before closing wounds to ensure no items are left behind. The report was published in the New England Journal of Medicine. How serious are surgical instruments left in the body? Surgical items left in the bodies of patients can cause sepsis and even death. In less severe cases, people may experience pain, discomfort and bloating. Dr Atul Gawande, a surgeon at Brigham and Women's Hospital, said: 'In two-thirds of these cases, there [are] serious consequences. 'In one case, a small sponge was left inside the brain of a patient that we studied, and the patient ended up having an infection and ultimately died.' Such mistakes are considered so shockingly bad they are often referred to as 'never events', which also covers operating on the wrong patient or part of the body. What is being done to reduce the risk? In 2004, the Joint Commission, a US-based nonprofit organisation, published the Universal Protocol, which provides guidelines on how to reduce such never events. These recommendations include ensuring all medical equipment is accounted for at the end of every procedure, however, this can be challenging considering up to 100 sponges may be used in a single major operation. Errors also often occur in stressful situations, when changes to the operation procedure happen suddenly or if there are a lot of distractions. Dr Ana McKee, executive vice president and chief medical officer of the Joint Commission, told CNN: 'If there's music going on or side conversations or someone is on the phone, that does not meet the spirit of the Universal Protocol.' Many hospitals in the US have switched to sponges and surgical tools with barcodes on them so they can be electronically tracked. Brain surgery may 'spread' Alzheimer's disease, research suggested in February 2017. Amyloid proteins, which have previously been associated with the condition, may be transmitted on poorly cleaned surgical instruments used during such procedures, a study implies. After analysing four people aged 30-to-57 with brain bleeds caused by the build-up of amyloid plaques, researchers discovered they all underwent brain surgery when they were younger. This may explain why the amyloid protein, which normally only affects people over 65, accumulated in the younger patients, the scientists add. Previous studies suggest tiny amounts of amyloid proteins can 'stick' to steel wires and be transmitted into animals' brains. Past findings also show abnormal proteins responsible for the degenerative brain disorder Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease can be transmitted between patients during certain medical procedures. The researchers add, however, the build-up of amyloid proteins does not necessarily indicate Alzheimer's disease, with none of the study's participants showing signs of early-onset dementia. A separate investigation by the same researchers revealed four men with a history of head trauma who underwent brain surgery as children also had these amyloid build-ups. Lead author Professor Sebastian Brandner, from University College London, said: 'We have found new evidence that amyloid beta pathology may be transmissible.' 
966635700971081728	2018-02-22 11:28:04	https://t.co/6PeyHUwodJ	Police FAKE family's murder to trick man who thought he had hired a hitman to kill his rich parents and sister https://t.co/6PeyHUwodJ	 A 22-year-old man was hoodwinked by police into believing he had hired a contract killer to murder his wealthy parents and ten-year-old sister so he could immediately claim his inheritance. Detectives found out about the sickening plot and staged the killing in the family home. An officer played the role of the hired assassin in the Russian resort of Sochi, a host city for this year's FIFA World Cup. The son had instructed the 'contract killer' in how and where his family should be murdered. He even drew a floor plan, and indicated where security cameras were placed, and how to avoid guard dogs. He agreed a fee with the undercover policeman for killing all three of his relatives. He demanded to see pictures of his slain parents. The man's mother and father - 'devastated' about their son's murderous intent - played dead in the police mock-up and photographs of them, with blood gushing from 'fatal' knife wounds, were taken. The 'assassin' arranged a meeting in a Mercedes and showed the photographs of his 'slain parents' to the man. No pictures were released of the man's sister and it is unclear if she took part in the police set-up. After seeing the pictures, the man expressed 'delight' and agreed to pay the promised £38,000 fee to the man he believed was a contract killer as soon as he had collected his inheritance. Instead the son - who has not been named - was detained by armed police as a police video shows. He immediately confessed, according to police in Krasnodar region, who revealed that the son had twice plotted to kill them previously. 'He wanted to get rid of parents because they were not giving him money,' said a police source. 'Before looking for a killer he tried to get of his relatives twice. 'He looking on the internet to find out how to carry out the murders. 'The criminal wanted to put pills in the kettle to poison his parents but his father found out something was wrong. 'Then the son planned to break a thermometer in his parents' car so that they were poisoned with mercury vapours. 'But he got cold feet.' During interrogation the young man said: 'I had been planning it for several months. 'I'm so done with them, they didn't understand me, so I found a contract killer.' His parents 'cannot believe he could do this', said police. His father runs a major education institution in Sochi. The family have a large house and car as well as savings which would have gone to their son. The man faces 15 years in jail if convicted of preparing the contract killings of his family. 
966630918587895808	2018-02-22 11:09:04	https://t.co/I7vLkXQXDs	Russia sends new stealth fighters for combat trials in Syria https://t.co/I7vLkXQXDs	 Vladimir Putin has sent his fearsome new state-of-the-art Su-57 stealth fighters for combat trials in the Syrian war zone. Two of the fifth generation Sukhoi warplanes were spotted landing at Russia's Khmeimim Air Base, south-east of the city of Latakia. The aircraft made its maiden flight in December last year and there was surprise at its deployment in Syria during its testing phase. Putin has backed Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad in his battle against rebels and jihadists in the country. Assad's forces have launched a devastating bombing raid on rebel-held positions in eastern Ghouta in recent days, killing more than 300. Earlier this month deputy Russian defence minister Yuri Borisov said: 'We are buying Su-57 jets for combat trials. The first stage of state trials has been concluded.' He said at the time: 'There has only been one flight. Everything seems normal, but as you might imagine, this is a whole range of trials. 'Many test flights must be carried out. As a rule, such testing requires two-three years.' The ultra-modern warplane is designed for 'air superiority and attack roles'. It is fitted with a revolutionary avionics system capable of autonomous calculations of the battlefield dynamics to assist the pilot. The fighter is also equipped with 'airborne active phased array radar', which allows it to 'see' air, ground and naval targets at distances far beyond most modern systems. Once in full service - expected next year - it will be capable of striking the enemy with a variety of modern weapons, including short, medium and long-range air-to-air, air-to-ground, and special anti-radar missiles. Built from composite materials, the 'super manoeuvrable' stealth fighter includes an in-flight refueling system. It comes weeks after it emerged that Russia is developing a new generation of shockproof military 'robo-balls' that have been battle-tested in Syria. The devices, called, Sphera are used for throwing into hard-to-access sites as a means of gathering video and audio intelligence. The cost £18,500 robo-balls are fitted with four video cameras allowing a 360 degree view to their controllers. They have diode lights as well as a microphone and transmitter working on radio signals. They can be thrown into trouble spots sending pictures and audio to receivers some 50 metres away. Syria 'is where these devices went through combat trials,' said a statement from makers Set-1. 'Their strengths have been noted during use.' The robo-balls are part of a range of new smart weaponry and intelligence-gathering gadgetry being developed for Putin's military machine, it has been reported. They can operate in temperatures ranging from minus 20 C to plus 45C, say the makers. They are seen as especially useful in street-by-street battles for control of urban war zones.
966628399363043328	2018-02-22 10:59:04	https://t.co/kvFqcE8blO	Woman died when electric brush ‘melted and fused to her face’ as she used it to dry her hair after the shower https://t.co/kvFqcE8blO	 A mother-of-one was electrocuted while using an electric hair-drying brush, moments after coming out of the shower. The appliance melted and fused to Camila Sales’s face as she used it to dry her wet hair. The victim, from Cascavel, north east Brazil, was found by her husband, Jhonatan, on Tuesday shaking on the kitchen floor and trying to speak, with her fingers still gripping the brush-shaped flat styler. The 22-year-old lost consciousness as she was rushed to hospital where doctors fought to save her life, but she succumbed to her injuries on the resuscitation table, medical staff said. According to the victim’s sister-in-law, Vania Ramos, the young woman had just received the gadget as a prize from the make-up company she worked for, to mark her record lipstick sales. An hour after getting the gift, the saleswoman decided to test the device and was barefoot on a newly laid concrete floor and still ‘dripping wet’ when she plugged it in and started to brush her damp hair. Ms Ramos said: 'Camila was excited because she had been looking forward to getting the prize for doing so well with her sales. She had the choice of a make-up bag and accessories or the hair-drying brush. 'She plugged it in and went to do her hair. The hairbrush didn’t explode and there was no flash or anything. But she received a huge electric shock. 'My brother heard her fall to the ground and found her shaking on the kitchen floor. He ripped out the plug and tried to pry her fingers open because they were still gripping the brush. 'The brush had melted and was plastered to her face. She tried to speak but her tongue was curled up, and she started to turn purple as she lost consciousness.' The victim, married for three-and-a-half-years with an 18-month-old son, was rushed to hospital by a passing motorist, hailed down by her husband. 'Doctors managed to resuscitate Camila and we thought she was going to make it,' said the relative. 'But they told us she wasn’t able to resist the damage done by the electric shock to her organs.' The young mother was buried the following day by her shocked family. An inquiry has been opened by police. The electric brush, along with other accessories found with the victim, have been given to investigators. Major retailers of hot brush stylers advise consumers not to use the electrical appliance on wet hair. Manual instructions warn it is ‘very damaging to apply high heat to wet hair and that ‘internal electrical components can be damaged’ if used in this way. This incident comes just days after 17-year-old Brazilian student Luiza Pinherio was electrocuted while playing on her phone as it charged. The teenager’s lifeless body was found by her grandmother lying on the floor in their house in Riacho Frio, north east Brazil on Sunday, with the headphones ‘melted in her ears’. She was rushed to hospital but doctors were unable to revive her.
966624904887054336	2018-02-22 10:45:11	https://t.co/rTYdGoJZ0v	North Korean cheerleader is caught on video accidentally clapping as American figure skaters take the ice https://t.co/rTYdGoJZ0v	 A North Korean cheerleader has been caught on video accidentally clapping for American figure skaters. The momentary lapse in discipline among North Korea's 'army of beauties' occurred during the pair skating short program on February 15 at the Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang. The North Korean cheer squad roared in perfectly synchronized applause and flag waving for the nation's figure skating duo Ryom Tae Ok and Kim Ju Sok. Later in the program, as American skaters Alexa Scimeca Knierim and Chris Knierim took the ice, the North Korean cheerleaders sat stony faced - save for one. Flanked by a minder and another cheerleader, the young beauty had a distracted half smile on her face as she clapped politely. Without turning, the cheerleader sitting next to her is seen in Japanese news footage jabbing the clapping woman sharply with an elbow. The clapper turns with a bewildered look, as the second cheerleader mutters something to her under her breath. Realizing her mistake, the first cheerleader drops her hands instantly to her lap. Ryom and Kim were the only North Koreans to qualify for the Games, and had been the nation's best hope for a medal. The pair ended up ranked 13th out of 16 teams. The country's other athletes were given wildcard entries, part of South Korea's diplomatic efforts to re-engage with the North. The North Korean cheerleaders, outnumbering the nation's athletic team by 10 to one, have been a fixture wherever North Korea's 22 athletes have competed. The young women's every move has been shadowed by sinister masked guards as they are shuttled from venue to venue. The guards are unarmed, having had to give up their guns under Olympic rules, but they are highly trained in martial arts and are members of elite units in their native North Korea. North Korea's decision to send the cheering troupe has been seen in some quarters as a propaganda victory, and there is no doubt the cheerleaders have generated fascination across the globe. 
966624109831577600	2018-02-22 10:42:01	https://t.co/ZSxRxCvoWB	Suicide attacker throws grenade into the US embassy in Montenegro and then kills himself https://t.co/ZSxRxCvoWB	 A suicide attacker blew himself up after throwing an explosive device into the U.S. embassy compound in Podgorica, the Montenegrin government has said. It said in a tweet the device was thrown by an unknown person and was probably a hand grenade. So far the authorities have no idea as to the motive of the attack. Undersecretary of State Steve Goldstein told CNN that the grenade appeared to have gone off as it was thrown into the air, and the man was found dead 100 feet from the embassy's wall. It is thought that he was killed by a separate explosive device. A U.S. State Department spokesperson confirmed 'a small explosion near the Embassy compound' saying officials were 'working closely with police to identify the assailant(s)'. The embassy on its Twitter account said that it had cancelled all visa services for Thursday, adding that access for U.S. citizens 'will be available today on an emergency basis'. In a security alert embassy staff warned people to stay away from the mission on Thursday, A guard at the sports center who asked not to be named said he 'heard two explosions, one after another'. 'Police came very quickly and the body of a man was taken away,' he told AFP. Officials said there were no other injuries or damage to the embassy, and security officers were continuing a full sweep of the area. Montenegro, a small Adriatic state of some 660,000 people, joined NATO last May. The decision to become a member provoked violent protests by the pro-Russian opposition in 2015. The NATO decision was also not popular among some Muslims in the country - jihadists are known to have traveled from Montenegro to Iraq and Syria. The heavily-secured embassy building is located on the outskirts of Podgorica's city centre, near the secret police headquarters and the Moraca river. In October 2016, authorities said they had thwarted a plot by pro-Russian militants to storm parliament and oust the pro-Western government on the eve of general elections. Authorities alleged that 'Russian state bodies' were involved in the conspiracy, which they say was aimed at preventing Montenegro from joining NATO. In October 2011, the US embassy in Sarajevo in neighboring Bosnia was the target of a militant attack. An Islamist, Mevlid Jasarevic opened fire with an automatic rifle at the embassy building, wounding a police officer. He was also injured in the exchange of fire and arrested. Jasarevic was later sentenced to 15 years' imprisonment. According to figures published in November by a regional think-tank, about 1,000 people from the Western Balkans have gone to join jihadists fighting in Syria and Iraq since 2012. Twenty-three of those were from Montenegro, whose population is predominantly Orthodox Christian. Last month, a court in Montenegro for the first time sentenced one of its citizens for having fought in Syria. Hamid Beharovic, 39, was found guilty of having fought for the Islamic State group between April 2015 and May 2016. He was given a six-month jail term. Montenegro hit the headlines last May when Prime Minister Dusko Markovich was shoved aside by President Trump during a group photo for a NATO summit in Brussels. 
966622818581479424	2018-02-22 10:36:53	https://t.co/6WmmLgYMdp	Porsche axes all diesel cars from its range due to 'falling demand' for the fuel type https://t.co/6WmmLgYMdp	 Porsche has confirmed it has axed all diesel engine options from its range of cars with immediate effect. The German car maker said the decision was made due to a 'cultural shift' by the brand's customers which means that 'demand for diesel models is falling'. It means Porsche customers will no longer have the option of a new diesel-powered Macan, Panamera or Cayenne as the German manufacturer switches full attention to petrol and hybrid models. Porsche is the first manufacturer to pull all diesels from its range since the Dieselgate scandal and the introduction of stricter type-approval fuel economy tests that were enforced from September. The two latest oil-burning examples it offered, the Macan S Diesel and Panamera S Diesel - which was only released in November 2016, are now no longer available to new-car buyers. Diesel has only been an option for Porsche customers in recent years when the brand started offering the fuel type nine years ago for its ever blossoming range. In fact, without the arrival of high-performance SUVs to dovetail the sale of its more traditional sports cars, Porsche may never have offered diesel engines at all. The decision comes just months after the Stuttgart-based manufacturer confirmed that there would be no diesel variant of the new-for-2018 third-generation Cayenne from launch in August - though it could still get a cleaner diesel, it said. And fanning the flames of a complete move away from the under-fire fuel, Porsche confirmed in a statement that the Macan S Diesel had been 'taken out of the production programme' too, meaning it will only sell petrol-powered 4x4s for the foreseeable future. According to Auto Express, the diesel Macan had been stricken from the range because a new software update was required in order for the car to conform with the new Worldwide Harmonised Light Vehicles Test Procedure (WLTP) standards that have been compulsory for all new cars since the end of 2017. Aman Johal, director of Your Lawyers, the firm that's spearheading legal action on behalf of 10,000 UK drivers who bought VW cars fitted with emission-cheating devices, said the talk of declining sales contradicted previous comments by VW when it 'boasted excellent sales in January'. He argued that Porsche's decision was due to the fact the car maker couldn't make its diesel cars legal. 'We deserve greater transparency here, as consumers of these cars and as people who have to endure the serious side-effects of Volkswagen's NOx-emitting diesel engines,' he said. 'Now, more than ever, the public needs to scrutinise any statement or decision that comes from the Volkswagen family, and understand the depth of its deception. 'Action must be taken against the manufacturing giant so there is justice for anyone who bought or leased vehicles with defeat device software.' With the Macan due to be updated in April and subject to the updated test measures, Porsche has removed the S Diesel model ahead of the refresh. It claimed that the diesel variant only made up a fraction of the model's 97,000 global sales last year. The Panamera 4S Diesel has also been stripped from order forms for the same reason, with diesel examples making up 15 per cent of all models sold in 2017 - of which 50 per cent were the Panamera 4 E-Hybrid. Explaining the decision, a statement from Porsche said: 'Diesel engines traditionally play a subordinate role at Porsche. 'Porsche does not develop or build diesel engines itself. 'Currently, the demand for diesel models is falling, whereas interest in hybrid and petrol models is increasing significantly.' However, the statement suggest that Porsche isn't done with diesel for good. 'This decision means that Porsche currently does not offer any vehicles with diesel engines,' the statement continued. 'However, it does not mean a diesel exit at Porsche. 'As announced, the new Cayenne is set to feature a diesel powertrain. The exact time of the market launch it not yet clear.' This might suggest that Porsche is playing the waiting game to understand what the state of play is with diesel after sales of the fuel type fell in the UK and across Europe on the back of additional taxation. Government backlash against diesel has been rife since Porsche's parent group - VW - was found to have fitted some of its vehicles with emissions cheating devices. Last year, alongside Audi and Volkswagen, Porsche issued a voluntary software update for owners of vehicles fitted embroiled in the Dieselgate scandal. Porsche confirmed that the software update would have 'no negative impact on the durability of the engine or the exhaust treatment system', and manufacturer specifications regarding fuel consumption, maximum engine performance, maximum torque and CO2 emissions would remain unchanged. Like almost every other mass-producing car maker, Porsche is already looking to step up its electrification efforts, which will be spearheaded by the launch of the new pure-electric Mission E supercar due in 2019. There is also talk of a hybrid next-generation 911 in the pipeline.
966620839721492480	2018-02-22 10:29:01	https://t.co/6etdJAut5P	Emotional pictures show train worker and her son are finally reunited on a platform - before bidding goodbye again https://t.co/6etdJAut5P	 This is the touching moment a train worker and her young son were finally able to see each other after a long separation. The long-awaited reunion lasted just four minutes on a platform in China, but Zeng Xinyi and her child Xiao Ran cherished every second. They held and kissed each other before Ms Zeng had to go back to her train. The mother broke down in tears as soon as the train's door shut. Ms Zeng, a conductor, and her husband, a chef, both work for the Chinese railway system in Fujian Province. As they have to work rotating shifts on different long-distance train routes, it is hard for them to take care of their young son. Therefore, they decided to take their child to Ji'an in Jiangxi Province to be looked after by his grandparents. The family of three rarely see each other in a year. When the couple are off, they have to take the train for eight hours just to spend a day with little Xiao Ran, according to Fuzhou Railway System which the couple work for. On February 12 - days before the Lunar New Year - little Xiao Ran was told that his mother's train would pass the Ji'an Train Station, which is his home station, on the next day. The train would travel from Chongqing in south-west China to Xiamen in south-east China on a 31-hour journey and would stop in Ji'an for four minutes. The boy insisted his grandparents take him to the Ji'an Train Station so he could meet his mother during a short stopover. He had not be able to spend the Lunar New Year with his parents for three years due to their busy work. The next morning, the boy got up earlier than usual, brushed his teeth and got dressed by himself. Then he took the bus for some 50 minutes with his grandparents to get to the train station. Xiao Ran is said to be especially nervous as the train was arriving at 12:17pm. As soon as the train stopped, Xiao Ran ran towards his mother who was stepping off the carriages. Four minutes passed quickly and Ms Zeng had to return to her post. A teary Ms Zeng waved at her young son through the glass window. Xiao Ran waved back at his mother until he could no longer see the train. Xiao Ran is one of the millions of children in China who live apart from their parents due to the parents' work. These children see their mother and father just a few time a year and are usually looked after by their grandparents. Among these children, more than nine million are 'left behind' in the countryside by their parents who work and live in the city. In most cases, these so-called 'left-behind' children see their mother and father only once a year around the Lunar New Year.
966615820423106560	2018-02-22 10:09:05	https://t.co/p1iiAcyV8r	Scooter rider somersaults over rail crossing barrier moments before train is about to pass in Vietnam https://t.co/p1iiAcyV8r	 A daredevil scooter rider pitched head-first over a level crossing barrier when he sped straight into the metal obstacle, just before a train was due to pass by. Video footage has emerged showing the person trying to defy the odds – and spectacularly failing – at an intersection in the Vietnamese city of Biên Hòa. Amazingly, he managed to escape injury, and was able to stand up after the incident. The clip initially shows officials manually pulling the lengthy barrier across the wide intersection, just in time to prevent an approaching group of riders from driving over the track. However, one helmetless driver darts around one barrier, then another parallel to it, narrowly missing an official, to cross the intersection. As they exchange words over the foolhardy manoeuvre, a second rider speeds right up to the barrier, fails to stop, and plummets headfirst over the top. The vehicle flips completely over it, landing right onto the tracks, to the astonishment of those nearby. After seeing the driver lying stunned on the line, and aware that a train is on its way, an official dashes across to him, then stops, and yells at other motorists to come to his aid. Two other men rush to the fallen rider’s side, hauling the bike off the tracks, as others leap into action to drag the toppled barrier off the line. Among those reacting to the video was one viewer who, after spending a year living in Vietnam, said that scooter riders had constantly brushed or hit him on the pavement. Another said the footage ‘looks like a comedy skit’, while one person commented that scooter riders in Vietnam ‘don’t have any sense of self-preservation’.
966610786218074112	2018-02-22 09:49:04	https://t.co/4THoMTE1DW	China reveals designs for ‘hypersonic heavy bomber’ that could fly between Beijing and New York in just TWO HOURS https://t.co/4THoMTE1DW	 Plans for a 'hypersonic heavy bomber' that could fly between Beijing and New York in just two hours have been unveiled by Chinese researchers. The aircraft would travel at hypersonic speeds, meaning it would soar around the Earth at more than 3,700mph (6,000km/h), or five times the speed of sound. China's military could load the plane, which features two sets of wings, with 'anything from flowers to bombs', according to one expert. The aircraft was designed by scientists at the Chinese Academy of Sciences in Beijing. 'It will take only a couple of hours to travel from Beijing to New York at hypersonic speed,' the researchers, led by Dr Cui Kai, wrote in their paper. 'This could provide more convenient and efficient transportation than present subsonic airplanes for long-distance journeys in future.' It currently takes a normal passenger jet 14 hours to fly between the two cities – a distance of around 6,800 miles (11,000 kilometres). The new vehicle features two sets of wings that utilise one another to reduce turbulence and drag. Computer models of the aircraft show the design could hit speeds of Mach 5 to Mach 7, meaning five or seven times the speed of sound. Hypersonic aircraft are those capable of a hitting speeds five times the speed of sound or more. The vehicles could be used to deliver missiles, including nuclear weapons, to targets around the world in a fraction of the time achieved by current craft. Hypersonic vehicles travel so rapidly and unpredictably they could provide an almost-immediate threat to nations across the globe. Once developed, the gap between identifying a military threat and launching an attack on it will drop from hours to minutes, even at long distances. Since 2013, China has conducted seven successful test flights of its hypersonic glider DF-ZF. The vehicle will be capable of speeds of between Mach 5 and Mach 10, or five to 10 times the speed of sound. US officials tested tested HTV-2 in 2011, an unmanned aircraft capable of Mach 20, but the hypersonic flight lasted just a few minutes before the vehicle crashed. The design's dual wing sets mean it forms the shape of a capital 'I', which the scientists dub a 'hypersonic I-shaped aerodynamic configuration' (HIAC). Following the paper's release, a Chinese military aircraft designer, who declined to be named, told the South China Morning Post the plans could be a 'game changer'. He added that the hypersonic vehicle could be used to transport anything from flowers to bombs, and that passengers could be tourists or military personnel. 'We're talking about something like a hypersonic heavy bomber,' he said. 'It's a crazy design, but somehow they've managed to make it work. It could lead to a huge step forward in hypersonic technology.' Hypersonic aircraft are those capable of a hitting speeds five times the speed of sound or more. The vehicles could be used to deliver missiles, including nuclear weapons, to targets around the world in a fraction of the time achieved by current craft. Hypersonic vehicles travel so rapidly and unpredictably they could provide an almost-immediate threat to nations across the globe. Since 2013, China has conducted seven successful test flights of its hypersonic glider DF-ZF. The vehicle will be capable of speeds of between Mach 5 and Mach 10, or five to 10 times the speed of sound. The model was briefly shown during a State-run TV special covering the country's JF-12 hypersonic wind tunnel. The TV clip, aired on October 8 via State broadcaster China Central Television (CCTV), showed an arrowhead-shaped model inside the Beijing-based wind tunnel. Its design looks like official Chinese mock-ups of the DF-ZF, which was codenamed the WU-14 by the Pentagon before its official name was released by Beijing. Chinese officials have confirmed several test flights of hypersonic glide vehicles since 2013, but have kept the details top secret. 
966607622857285634	2018-02-22 09:36:30	https://t.co/fGW6vhDcei	The cat with two faces: Pet has an even split of grey and black fur https://t.co/fGW6vhDcei	 This adorable cat was born with a flawless split of grey and black fur divided almost perfectly down the middle of her face. The 11-month-old, called Narnia De La Grace, was born in France with both light grey and black fur on her head, separated evenly in a remarkably straight line. His owner Stéphanie Jimenez, a breeder of British longhair and shorthair cats, kept the animal as a pet because of its incredible markings. She said the tabby homecat was part of a 'blue eyes' breeding project she is part of that was started by Sophie Guittonneau from the Aerlin cattery. Stéphanie said: 'Narnia has this special marking and blue eyes. That's why he is absolutely unique in the world. 'He is a little bit shy when he is in a new place, but a very soft and friendly cat. He doesn't know he is so special, but I have a very strong link with him, he is my little baby.' These stunning pictures were taken in January at the Paris Animal Show, by the studio Arioko. 
966604376415657985	2018-02-22 09:23:36	https://t.co/e8O0TGCt3D	Harrowing moment cameraman finds his family screaming under rubble after deadly Assad bombing raid https://t.co/e8O0TGCt3D	 This is the harrowing moment a cameraman found his family screaming beneath rubble after a devastating airstrike in a rebel-held town in Syria. Video shows the man desperately trying to rescue his pregnant aunt, four cousins and grandmother from the ruins of a building in Eastern Ghouta after the area was hammered by Bashar al-Assad's forces. The cameraman was capturing footage of the dictator's deadly bombing campaign when he heard their haunting cries for help. A trapped woman with a bloodied face can be seen crying out in agony as rescuers scramble to free her. The face of a badly injured little boy can also be seen. It comes as UN chief Antonio Guterres described conditions in the area as 'hell on earth'. The footage, shown in an ITN report, then shows him sprinting away towards a medical clinic with an injured child in his arms. But the report revealed that 22 hospitals have been specifically in just 72 hours. International pressure mounted today to end civilian suffering in the a rebel-held enclave near Damascus where Syrian jets have been raining bombs in a blitz that has killed more than 300. United Nations chief Antonio Guterres described the death and devastation that has engulfed Eastern Ghouta since Sunday as 'hell on earth', and joined France in calling for an immediate humanitarian truce. German Chancellor Angela Merkel called for an end to the 'massacre' after fresh air killed another 13 people. Condemning the Syrian regime for targeting 'its own people', Merkel said: 'The killing of children, the destruction of hospitals - all that amounts to a massacre that must be condemned and which must be countered with a clear no'. The UN Security Council is expected to vote, probably on Thursday, on a draft resolution demanding a 30-day ceasefire to allow deliveries of aid and medical evacuations. The push for a vote came after the Red Cross demanded access to the area, saying the situation was so dire that its teams should be allowed access to Eastern Ghouta to help overwhelmed doctors and nurses. Fresh air raids on several parts of the enclave killed at least 50 civilians, including eight children, and wounded 350 on Wednesday. Many of the region's hospitals have also been targeted, leaving many out of service. 'The fighting appears likely to cause much more suffering in the days and weeks ahead, and our teams need to be allowed to enter Eastern Ghouta to aid the wounded,' said Marianne Gasser, the International Committee of the Red Cross's head of delegation in Syria. Syrian warplanes have this month intensified their strikes on the area, which lies just east of Damascus and is home to around 400,000 civilians. 'Wounded victims are dying only because they cannot be treated in time,' Gasser said. According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, around 1,500 people have been wounded since Sunday in the one of the bloodiest episodes of the seven-year war. Many of Wednesday's victims were killed when barrel bombs - crude, improvised munitions that usually cause indiscriminate damage - were dropped on the town of Kfar Batna. The hospital in Douma, the largest town in Eastern Ghouta, is still functioning but the influx of wounded is such that doctors and nurses cannot save everyone. The UN and an NGO said at least seven hospitals were bombed on Monday and Tuesday. 'The regime claims that it's targeting armed groups and terrorists, but the truth is that it only targets civilians,' said Doctor Ahmad Abdulghani, at the Dar al-Shifa hospital in Hammuriyeh, heavily damaged by a strike. 'This is a hospital that treats the sick and civilians, why target it?' Observatory head Rami Abdel Rahman said at least 76 children were among the 320 people killed in strikes since Sunday. Syrian state news agency SANA said 18 people were wounded in Damascus by rebel shelling. Sweden and Kuwait drafted a UN resolution pushing for a month-long ceasefire, requesting a vote 'as soon as possible,' the Swedish mission said. Guterres told the UN Security Council he was 'deeply saddened by the terrible suffering' of civilians in Eastern Ghouta where he said people 'live in hell on earth'. French President Emmanuel Macron accused Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's regime of using terrorism as a 'pretext' to attack civilians. Russia, which is Assad's main backer but denies direct involvement in the Ghouta strikes, earlier called for a Security Council meeting on the crisis, which Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia described as a 'complex situation'. 'There are terrorists there who the Syrian army is fighting,' Nebenzia said. But US Ambassador Nikki Haley said it was 'simply preposterous to claim that these attacks on civilians have anything to do with fighting terrorism'. 'It's time to take immediate action in the hopes of saving the lives of the men, women, and children who are under attack by the barbaric Assad regime,' she said, urging council members to support the draft resolution. Anti-regime groups, mostly Islamist factions as well as Al-Qaeda's former Syrian affiliate, have controlled the area since 2012. With the ISIS 'caliphate' now wiped of the map, the regime looks bent on completing its reconquest. Ghouta, on the outskirts of the capital, is a key target. In recent days, government forces have been massing around Eastern Ghouta, apparently preparing for a ground offensive. 'We have long feared Eastern Ghouta will see a repeat of the terrible scenes observed by the world during the fall of east Aleppo and these fears seem to be well founded,' said Mark Schnellbaecher, the regional head of the International Rescue Committee. The battle that saw government forces wrest back the country's second city from rebel forces in 2016 caused extensive destruction and suffering that drew comparisons with the World War II era devastation in Stalingrad and the Warsaw ghetto. 'We don't dare go outside,' said Khadija, 53, hiding in a basement in the town of Douma. Shivering as she gathered several children around her in the darkened room, she said: 'There are planes above us and missiles landing around us: where should we go with our children?' The regime is also seeking to restore its grip on other areas in the north, including the province of Idlib, the last one that remains largely outside its control. On Tuesday, regime forces deployed inside the region of Afrin, a Kurdish enclave along Syria's northern border with Turkey. The move came after Kurdish forces asked Damascus to protect it from a month-old offensive by Ankara. They quickly came under shelling by Turkish forces, who said they had fired 'warning shots' at the 'pro-regime terrorist groups'. 
966600720999960576	2018-02-22 09:09:05	https://t.co/J5x9cPL9Nv	Peace at last for the dog who slept beside his master's grave every night for ELEVEN YEARS https://t.co/J5x9cPL9Nv	 A loyal dog called Capitan has died after sleeping at his master's graveside every night for 11 years. The black Alsatian was some four years old when Miguel Guzman, who had bought the dog as a present for his son, Damian, passed away in 2006 in Villa Carlos Paz, near Cordoba, Argentina's second city. The dog disappeared not long afterwards and the family thought he had found a new home or had been killed. But several months later, on one of their visits to the cemetery during 2007, there was Capitan. To their astonishment, neighbours told them how they started to feed him when they realised he slept by the grave each night. And so the grieving hound continued his sad vigil until dying himself a few days ago at about 15 years of age, the daily newspaper La Voz reported. What amazed the family the most was that the cemetery was a long way from where they live and Capitan had never accompanied them there before he disappeared. Six years ago, Mr Guzman's widow Veronica, reflecting on the pet's graveside vigil, told Argentina's Cordoba newspaper: 'We searched for him but he had vanished. We thought he must have got run over and died. 'The following Sunday we went to the cemetery and Damian recognised his pet. Capitan came up to us, barking and wailing, as if he were crying.' She added: 'We had never taken him to the cemetery so it is a mystery how he managed to find the place. 'We went back the next Sunday, and he was there again. This time, he followed us home and spent a bit of time with us, but then went back to the cemetery before it started getting dark. 'I don't think he wanted to leave Miguel on his own at night.' The cemetery's director Hector Baccega added: 'He turned up here one day, all on his own, and started wandering all around the cemetery until he eventually found the tomb of his master. 'During the day he sometimes has a walk around the cemetery, but always rushes back to the grave. And every day, at six o'clock sharp, he lies down on top of the grave stays there all night.' Staff at the cemetery fed and took care of the faithful pooch. Mr Guzman's son Damian said he had tried to bring Capitan home several times, but he always went straight back to the cemetery. Poignantly, he added: 'I think he's going to be there until he dies too. He's looking after my dad.' The story is similar to that of Hachiko, an Akita who is said to have waited at a Tokyo train station for its master to return each day for nine years from May 1925, following owner Hidesaburo Ueno's death at work. 
966598197996122112	2018-02-22 08:59:03	https://t.co/wUUDylNcp2	76 girls among 111 feared kidnapped in latest Boko Haram school raid are rescued by Nigerian military https://t.co/wUUDylNcp2	 More than 100 girls are still missing three days after suspected Boko Haram extremists attacked their school in northern Nigeria, parents have said. The announcement came after government officials in Yobe state acknowledged that some 50 young women remained unaccounted for in the Monday evening attack on the village of Dapchi. There have been a number of conflicting reports, in part because of limited access to the area. One parent, Bashir Manzo, said parents compiled a list of 101 missing children and presented it to the governor. The state governor, Ibrahim Gaidam, 'told us the girls have not been found and we should continue to pray for their safe return,' another parent, Rabiu Sani, told the AP. Boko Haram horrified the world when it abducted 276 girls from a boarding school in Chibok almost four years ago. While some escaped and many others were released as part of negotiations, about 100 remain with their captors. The extremist group has kidnapped thousands of people over the years. Boko Haram fighters invaded Dapchi on Monday evening, forcing residents, including students of Government Girls Secondary school, to flee into the bushes. Police and the state ministry of education initially denied claims that students were seized. Student Aishatu Abdullahi was among those who escaped on foot and spent the night hiding in an abandoned house. 'They were shooting guns and everyone was confused,' she told reporters. 'We saw some people pushing some of the students to enter their vehicles.' Nigeria's government has repeatedly claimed in the past year that Boko Haram has been defeated, but the group continues to carry out deadly suicide bombings and other attacks. This latest attack poses a challenge for President Muhamamdu Buhari ahead of next year's elections. 'I share the anguish of all the parents and guardians of the girls that remain unaccounted for,' Buhari tweeted on Wednesday evening. 'I would like to assure them that we are doing all in our power to ensure the safe return of all the girls.' The Dapchi attack calls into question how far pledges to improve security at schools have been implemented nearly four years after Chibok. The Chibok abduction in April 2014 brought sustained international attention to the insurgency for the first time, largely via the hashtag #BringBackOurGirls. A total of 276 girls were seized; 57 escaped in the immediate aftermath; and since May last year, 107 have either escaped or been released as part of a government-brokered deal. Last month the group, led by Abubakar Shekau, released a new video of the kidnapped schoolgirls claiming they do not want to return to their parents Security analysts suggested government ransom payments to secure the release of the Chibok girls could have given the under-pressure group an incentive for financing. 
966596775112003584	2018-02-22 08:53:24	https://t.co/KyxJgB2tT3	Man has 4lb brain tumour removed by surgeons in mammoth 7-hour surgery https://t.co/KyxJgB2tT3	 Indian surgeons claim to have removed the world's largest brain tumour from a 31-year-old man that had left him blind. Santlal Pal, a cloth seller, had a 4.1lbs (1.9kg) mass pulled out by a team of experts in Mumbai in a mammoth operation. The grueling procedure, which took place at the BYL Nair Charitable Hospital, lasted seven hours, local reports state. Medics claim the biggest brain tumour that was successfully removed before this weighed just 3.1lbs (1.4kg). Mr Pal had complained of a progressive swelling of his scalp, headaches and a loss of vision in both eyes. It is believed he had endured the agonising symptoms, which are tell-tale of a brain tumour, since he was just one. By the time he was admitted to hospital he was blind and his scalp has swelled to appear as if he had two heads mounted on top of each other. Scans revealed the tumour had invaded into the brain on both sides of the midline through skull bone and revealed the blood supply of the tumour. But in a seven-hour operation, surgeons successfully removed the massive tumour along with skull bone which had invaded into the brain. Mr Pal needed a transfusion of 11 units of blood and then spent three days on life support afterwards but has since made a good recovery. However, it is unsure whether Mr Pal's vision has been restored. It is also unclear what type of brain tumour he was suffering from. Professor Trimurti Nadkarni who led the surgery said: 'Such large tumours are rare and are a surgical challenge. 'There was a heavy blood loss and this required great team skill in perioperative monitoring for a successful result. 'The weight of a similar case reported earlier has been 1.4kg. 'The patient has made good recovery and is now ambulatory and on full diet. He feels relieved of 'a large burden on his head.' Glioblastoma is considered the most aggressive tumour that can form in the brain. Senator John McCain was diagnosed with one in July 2017. Patients have a 10 per cent chance of surviving five years after their diagnosis, according to figures. The average lifespan is between 14 and 16 months. Three adults per every 100,000 will be struck down with a glioblastoma, says The American Association of Neurological Surgeons (AANS). It is most commonly found in men aged 50 to 60, and there is no link between developing glioblastoma and having a previous history with other cancers. WHAT IS THE TUMOUR MADE OF? The tumour is made up of a mass of cells growing quickly in the brain, and in most cases patients have no family history of the disease. It won't spread to other organs, however, once it is diagnosed, it is nearly impossible to target, surgeons claim. Unlike other types of brain cancer which are more specifically located, glioblastoma can occur in any part of the brain. WHAT TREATMENT IS AVAILABLE? Because the tumour likely already spread deep into the brain by the time it is diagnosed, the cancerous tissue is incredibly difficult to remove. Surgeon will only ever remove the tumour, or part of the tumour, if it won't do any damage to the surrounding brain tissue. Dr Babcar Cisse, a neurosurgeon at the Weill Cornell Brain and Spine Center, told Daily Mail Online in July 2017: 'By the time a glioblastoma is diagnosed, microfibers can spread to the rest of the brain which an MRI would not spot. 'So even if the main tumor is removed and the patient receives radiation and chemotherapy, it will come back.' GRADING A GLIOBLASTOMA Brain tumours are graded from between one to four, depending on how fast they grow and how aggressive they are. Malignant tumours are either given a high-grade three or four, while benign ones are given a lower grade one or two. Glioblastoma is often referred to as a grade four astrocytoma - another form of brain tumour, says the AANS. SYMPTOMS Patients typically complain of symptoms such as confused vision, trouble with memory, dizziness and headaches. The symptoms are somewhat nonspecific, and vary from person to person, and may not persist. The disease is therefore impossible to diagnose based on symptoms alone.
966577992888651776	2018-02-22 07:38:46	https://t.co/GVFuV5YAKc	Forget butts - BELLY BUTTONS are the new plastic surgery craze https://t.co/GVFuV5YAKc	 People are nipping and tucking just about everything nowadays. There's been a huge surge in the plastic surgery in recent years, with men and women spending $16 billion to adjust their appearance in 2016 alone. Now, plastic surgeons say umbilicoplasty, or belly button surgery, is the latest trend. Speaking with Daily Mail Online, experts say more and more people are requesting navels like Emily Ratajkowski and Jessica Simpson. Dr Matthew Schulman, a board-certified plastic surgeon, said the number of belly button revisions he's performed has doubled over the past five and six years. He currently performs 12 to 15 of these procedures per month, and attributes this uptick to social media as well as people becoming increasingly aware that they can actually do something about their navels. 'We've become a much more image-oriented society,' Dr Schulman told Daily Mail Online. 'People are more aware of their bodies on Instagram... and they understand now that there's a way to make their belly button's look better.' According to RealSelf, there's been a 12 percent increase in people asking for navel surgery in the US compared to last year. That number is even higher in the UK, with 21 percent more people expressing interest in umbilicoplasty compared to 2017. The ideal belly button Experts say people are more likely to do something about their belly button right before the spring or summer season. 'The belly button is an important part of your anatomy from a cosmetic perspective,' Dr Thomas Sterry, a board-certified plastic surgeon. told Daily Mail Online. 'If you're at the beach ... and you got a bad belly button, it's hard to look sexy,' Dr Sterry added. Dr Schulman said the ideal belly button is an oval that's vertically-oriented because it makes the torso look longer and the abs leaner. 'When it comes to belly buttons people would more often bring Victoria Secret catalogs,' he said. His patient's have also brought in pictures of Jessica Simpson when she starred in the 2005 film The Dukes of Hazzard and model Emily Ratajkowski, who became a household name after starring in Robin Thicke's Blurred Lines music video in 2013. Meanwhile, many of Dr Schulman's patients have requested an innie belly button - a conclave navel - that's slightly hooded similar to the one Victoria Secret model Erin Heartherton sports. Dr David Shafer, a board certified plastic surgeon and RealSelf contributor, said that while belly buttons come in all shapes and sizes, an important factor is being 'midline' or centered. 'Believe it or not, some patients belly buttons are off center and they look to have it centered,' he told Daily Mail Online. Why do people get a belly button revision? Many patients come in to get their belly button piercing removed. 'I call this the "Britney Spears effect",' Dr Schulman said. 'All those people who got their belly buttons pierced in the 90s are now around 35 and their piercing looks funny' due to weight gain or pregnancy. The uptick in belly button revisions can also be attributed an increase in laparoscopic surgery, an abdominal or pelvic procedure performed through small incisions made around the belly button area, according to Dr Sterry. Dr Sterry, who performs at least 20 umbilicoplasties a year, nearly double the amount who used to perform five years ago, told Daily Mail Online many of his patients have had their belly buttons altered from previous surgery on their abdomen, like appendicitis. A number of patients come in because they're unsatisfied with their outies or umbilical hernia, a condition where intestine, fat, or fluid pushes through a weak spot in the abdomen causing the belly button to stick out like a little knot. How is the procedure performed? Umbilicoplasties can be performed using local anesthesia to numb the belly button area, combined with a sedative to make the patient drowsy. To turn an outie into an innie, Dr Schulman said he first makes a small incision around the rim of the belly button. Then he repairs the hernia using internal stitches, then revises the skin of the belly button to make it look like an innie. He said children as young as 11 years In order to remove a belly button piercing, Dr Schulman said he removes the skin 'hood' that develops along the top of the belly button. People who experience navel changes due to weight gain or pregnancy may also need a tummy tuck. 'We commonly do cosmetic repair on belly buttons when performing a tummy tuck,' he said. '[Belly button revision] is an isolated cosmetic surgery that's usually performed on patients who are usually younger,' he said. If someone is older and want a belly button revision, they may also need to have a tummy tuck too. An umbilicoplasty will typically take up to 30 to 40 minutes and patients often feel no pain afterward and usually 'require nothing more than a Tylenol.' He had advise people who've had their hernia repaired to avoid heavy lifting or exercise for about a week. Dr Shafer added that it takes a week or so for the swelling to resolve and any incision will take several weeks to months to heal. 'We offer our patients post-operative laser treatments to help speed up healing and improve the appearance of the incisions,' Dr Shafer told Daily Mail Online. 'In many cases we can hide the incisions inside of the belly button,' he added. 
966574004311031808	2018-02-22 07:22:55	https://t.co/wvLFWiUgar	Indonesian boy lays an EGG in front of baffled doctors https://t.co/wvLFWiUgar	 If you're eating breakfast now is your last chance to turn away. A teenage boy has claimed to have laid 20 eggs in the past two years, completely baffling doctors. Akmal, 14, from Gowa in Indonesia says he has been regularly laying eggs since 2016. Scroll down for video When cracked open Akmal's father claims the eggs laid by his son appear to be either all yolk or all white. The 14-year-old has been repeatedly hospitalised for his condition, and recently laid two eggs in front of doctors. His father Rusli said: 'In two years he laid 18 eggs and two today, so in total there have been 20. I cracked the first egg and its content was all yellow, no white.' But doctors are baffled by his condition, saying its 'impossible' for eggs to form inside the human body, the Daily Star reported. A spokesperson from the hospital said: 'Our suspicion is that the eggs were deliberately shoved into Akmal's rectum. But we did not see it directly.' Akmal's father denied this. He told local media: 'He never swallowed eggs whole, why would he do that?' Doctors have quarantined the teenager to study his condition at Syekh Yusuf Hospital in Gowa. 
966529771919364097	2018-02-22 04:27:09	https://t.co/xQOvj1k8Yv	Indonesian boy lays an EGG in front of baffled doctors https://t.co/xQOvj1k8Yv	 If you're eating breakfast now is your last chance to turn away. A teenage boy has claimed to have laid 20 eggs in the past two years, completely baffling doctors. Akmal, 14, from Gowa in Indonesia says he has been regularly laying eggs since 2016. Scroll down for video When cracked open Akmal's father claims the eggs laid by his son appear to be either all yolk or all white. The 14-year-old has been repeatedly hospitalised for his condition, and recently laid two eggs in front of doctors. His father Rusli said: 'In two years he laid 18 eggs and two today, so in total there have been 20. I cracked the first egg and its content was all yellow, no white.' But doctors are baffled by his condition, saying its 'impossible' for eggs to form inside the human body, the Daily Star reported. A spokesperson from the hospital said: 'Our suspicion is that the eggs were deliberately shoved into Akmal's rectum. But we did not see it directly.' Akmal's father denied this. He told local media: 'He never swallowed eggs whole, why would he do that?' Doctors have quarantined the teenager to study his condition at Syekh Yusuf Hospital in Gowa. 
966521201010069505	2018-02-22 03:53:06	https://t.co/VTA56DXX94	Jamaican women’s bobsled team make history with first ever Olympic appearance https://t.co/VTA56DXX94	 The Jamaican women's bobsledding team has made history by competing in its first ever Winter Olympic games - 30 years after the first time the men's team debut. The team, composed of pilot Jazmine Fenlator-Victorian and brakewoman Carrie Russell, made its debut yesterday at the PyeongChang winter games. The team completed its first run in 17th place at 51.29 seconds, and earned 19th place overall after the final two runs Wednesday, according to NBC. And though they didn't win a medal - the team inspired people around the world after not knowing if they were going to make it to the Games in the first place. As recently as last week, the team wasn't sure if they were going to be able to compete because they were without a sleigh. Just days before the competition, coach Sandra Kirasis left the team and took the sled with her. The two-time Olympic medalist said she secured the funding for the sled, so unless they paid her they could not use it. The Jamacian Bobsleigh federation refused to pay her, so she would not hand it over, leaving the team desperate for a solution just days before they were due to take the track. But Jamaican brewery Red Strip stepped in - offering funding for a new sled. 'No bobsled, no problem. If you need a new @Jambobsled put it on @RedStripe's tab,' RedStrip tweeted on February 15. The sled arrived and was named 'Mr Cool Bolt' after record-setting Jamaican runner Usain Bolt and the movie Cool Runnings, which is about the men's 1988 team. 'A lot of people know of bobsleigh because of the movie Cool Runnings and Jamaica making that launch in 1988 and really pushing bobsleigh with ppularity,' Fenlator-Victorian said. 'But we're also humbled and honored to be compared to those men that started and fought so hard to represent Jamaica.' 
966462233843765250	2018-02-21 23:58:47	https://t.co/J3HtRoLRcB	The beverages rotting you from the inside https://t.co/J3HtRoLRcB	 A new study has found that people who drink at least one soft drink a day may be at an increased risk of cancer 9 News is reporting. The Cancer Council of Victoria and the University of Melbourne studied and analysed 3000 cases of 11 different obesity related cancers spanning 10 years. Breast, liver and prostate cancer cases reported during 1990 to 1994 and 2003 to 2007 by the Melbourne Collaborative Cohort study discovered a correlation between drinking soft drinks and the risk of cancer. The study looks at cancer risk independent of obesity and other health factors. Cancer Council Victoria's Cancer Epidemiology and Intelligence Division's Associate Professor Allison Hodge said these results substantiate the calls to limit the consumption of sugar-sweetened soft drinks. 'Initially our hypothesis was that drinking soft drinks would cause obesity,' she said. 'Which would then cause an association with obesity-related cancers but we found that there was more beyond the affect of obesity.' Professor Hodge said the cancers were previously associated with obesity until the results indicated the risk was there for all soft drink consumers despite their size. Interestingly, the results showed that people who drink diet soft drink did not face the same risks, suggesting sugar could be the causal factor Professor Hodge said. 'We definitely would like to see these findings confirmed in other studies,' she said. 'And then also to understand something about the mechanism and whether sugar could be a driver of this association.' Cancer Council Victoria CEO Todd Harper said the results of the research should demonstrate to people that avoiding soft drink and switching to water was a smart and safe choice. 'Sugary drinks, including soft drinks, are already known to be a cause of obesity, which greatly increases the risk of 13 types of cancer,' he told 9 News. 'And cancer is just one of many chronic health conditions associated with sugary drink consumption. 'Including increased risk of type 2 diabetes, heart disease, and tooth decay.' 
966433052288339970	2018-02-21 22:02:49	https://t.co/tm4FtheTgB	At least 44 dead after a bus plunges off a mountain motorway in Peru https://t.co/tm4FtheTgB https://t.co/g1yB6AxNH0	 A double-decker bus veered off a mountain road and plunged into a ravine in southern Peru Wednesday, killing at least 44 people. The bus tumbled 260 feet down a jagged slope from the Pan-American highway - Peru's main motorway. Arequipa police chief General Walter Ortiz 'confirms 44 deaths,' the interior ministry said on its Twitter account, updating an earlier toll of 35. Ortiz said 45 people were registered as passengers on the bus, but the ministry said this did not match the number of people killed or injured. The bus operated by the Rey Latino line ran off the road near the mouth of the Ocona River on Peru's southern Pacific coast. However, interprovincial buses in Peru frequently pick-up and drop-off passengers en route, resulting in discrepancies in the original passenger list. Amid the confusion, the authorities did not specify the number of people injured. It was also not known if the driver was among them. The accident happened in darkness around 1:30 am. Rescue teams including firefighters and police 'have been working since dawn, coordinating the transfer and care of the injured,' Arequipa governor Yamila Osorio wrote on her Twitter account. 'The on-duty prosecutor is carrying out the removal of the corpses and experts from the police traffic accident investigation section are investigating the causes of the accident,' traffic police chief Colonel Jorge Castillo said. The injured were taken to hospital in the city of Camana, some 35 miles from the accident site near the town of Ocona. Rescuers used military helicopters to airlift 11 seriously injured passengers to the regional capital Arequipa, Civil Defense chief Jacqueline Choque said. The bus left the coastal town of Chala for Arequipa about four hours before the accident. Peru's President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski sent his condolences to the victims' families on Twitter. 'All procedures have been activated for the immediate support of the rescue and the transfer of the victims to the nearest health centers,' he said. It was the second major accident on Peru's roads this year. On January 2, a bus crashed into a ravine in the country's central coastal area, leaving 52 dead. Authorities attributed that accident to the driver of a truck that crossed into the bus's path from the opposite lane of the Pasamayo highway, which branches off the Pan-American highway. The toll from the Pasamayo crash matched that of an October 2013 accident in Cusco, southeast of Lima. Nearly 2,700 people died in traffic accidents in Peru in 2016, according to the latest available official figures. 
966427852710338568	2018-02-21 21:42:10	https://t.co/42beB4OrqR	Elephants have personalities, too! And they are a lot like humans https://t.co/42beB4OrqR	 Elephants can be pleasant, outgoing and attentive - exactly like humans. Researchers in Finland have now determined that elephants have differing personality traits, too. Specifically, elephants can be aggressive, sociable and attentive. These three personality trait categories define both male and female elephants, the experts say. The scientists who worked on the new report about elephant behavior were from Finland's University of Turku. They analyzed the behavior of more than 250 timber elephants in Myanmar for their study. Researcher Dr Martin Steltmann explained these elephants' routines, saying: 'The elephants work in the timber industry, pulling logs from one place to another. 'This is a very unique research environment and population, enabling us to study several hundreds of elephants.' Each of the animals works with a designated elephant rider called a mahout. The report said: 'This social relationship can last throughout the elephant's lifetime. Therefore, the mahouts know the behavior of their elephant very well and can give detailed information on their personalities.' Given these relationships between mahouts and their elephants, the riders were asked to evaluate the tendencies of the animals they worked with for the study. They filled out questionnaires about the elephants' personalities. The mahouts were asked to describe the frequency with which their elephants usually displayed 28 different traits. New research has proven that elephants' emotional characteristics are similar to those of humans. It turns out the animals have distinct personalities. They can be aggressive, attentive and outgoing. For the study scientists asked elephant riders, or mahouts, to answer questions about the behaviors of the animals they worked with each day. Dr Martin Steltmann, who worked on the new report, explained how his team defined the traits that categorize elephants. He said: 'Attentiveness is related to how an elephant acts in and perceives its environment. 'Sociability describes how an elephant seeks closeness to other elephants and humans and how popular they are as social partners. 'Aggressiveness shows how aggressively an elephant acts towards other elephants and how much it interferes in their social interaction.' Dr Steltmann's team is hopeful the new research can aid in elephant conservation efforts. These answers, which were collected from 2014 to 2017, were given on a four-point scale. Dr Steltmann said: 'We met elephants that were clearly more curious and braver than others. For example, they always tried to steal the water melons that were meant as rewards.' Another researcher named Mirkka Lahdenperä added: 'Elephants and humans have many similar characteristics in their life-history and behavior. 'Among other things, elephants have a very long lifespan and give birth to a single calf at a time, who in turn needs the care of the mother and other females for a long time after birth. 'Living in complex social environments could be a reason why both species have developed such complex personality structures.' Dr Steltmann emphasized that personality traits are not qualities unique to humans, explaining that they affect many species. He said: 'Personality studies on other species than humans have so far focused on primates, pets and zoo populations, or on species that have a relatively short lifespan. 'Beside humans, personality studies on other long-lived species living in their natural habitat are rare.' The researchers are hopeful their study will advance elephant protection initiatives and improve the well-being of Myanmar's timber elephant population. The report described the elephants studied for the analysis as 'semi-captive'.
966421044700614659	2018-02-21 21:15:06	https://t.co/5848HmiK5J	How to stop snoring while sleeping https://t.co/5848HmiK5J	 More than 45 per cent of healthy adults snore while sleeping, however the majority of those people would like to know how to stop snoring naturally and permanently. Getting someone to stop snoring can also prove to be a difficult task and can cause arguments, with some couples being forced to sleep in separate bedrooms. While snoring home remedies can work, research has revealed that 75 per cent of those who snore have obstructive sleep apnea, which could increase the risk of developing heart disease in future. Snoring can be minimized or stopped in a number of ways and some of the ways this can be done are listed below: Sleeping on your side stops the base of your tongue and soft palate from collapsing to the back wall of your throat that usually happens when you sleep on your back. This usually results in a vibrating sound when a person is asleep. If sleeping on your side is difficult, a body pillow or taping tennis balls to the back of your pyjamas can be a quick and cheap solution. Losing weight can help people who have recently gained weight and have started to snore as a result. Thin people do snore, but weight gain can occasionally squeeze the diameter of the throat, again causing it to collapse during sleep. Drinking alcohol four or five hours before sleeping can make snoring worse and louder as it can reduce the resting tone of the muscle in the back of your throat. Some people who do not usually snore can sometimes snore after drinking. Lack of sleep can also play a significant part in the increase of snoring as, when an overtired person goes into a deep sleep, muscles become floppier. Opening nasal passages can also help minimize snoring if you have a cold or if your nose is blocked for other reasons. A hot shower, a neti pot or nasal strips can help clear passages before bed. Replacing pillows can reduce allergens and dust mites that are present in the bedroom that may be contributing to snoring. Pets can also result in animal dander being breathed in which is another common irritant. Drinking water can stop the secretions in your nose and soft palate from becoming sticky when you are dehydrated, so ensuring you are having enough water each day can help stop snoring. If none of the natural or home remedies for snoring are effective, after discussing with a doctor, surgery may be occasionally offered. In the UK, snoring surgery is not widely available on the NHS because it may not work and snoring can come back afterwards. Sleep apnea, or obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) is a long-term condition and may require lifelong treatment for people who suffer from it. In most cases, this would mean losing weight, stopping smoking, limiting alcohol consumption and avoiding sedation and sleeping tablets, as well as sleeping on your side instead of your back. Occasionally, people with moderate to severe OSA may have to use a continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) device, which is a small pump that provides a continuous supply of compressed air through a mask that covers the nose and/or the mouth. Another treatment method is the mandibular advancement device (MAD) which is a dental appliance similar to a gum shield. It is worn over your teeth when you are asleep and aims to hold the jaw and tongue forward to increase the space at the back of the throat. Surgery may also be considered as a last resort in addition to soft palate implants that make part of the roof of the mouth stiffer and less likely to vibrate.
966404939227439104	2018-02-21 20:11:07	https://t.co/8oeAL7T6N4	Man has 4lb brain tumour removed by surgeons in mammoth 7-hour surgery https://t.co/8oeAL7T6N4	 Indian surgeons claim to have removed the world's largest brain tumour from a 31-year-old man that had left him blind. Santlal Pal, a cloth seller, had a 4.1lbs (1.9kg) mass pulled out by a team of experts in Mumbai in a mammoth operation. The grueling procedure, which took place at the BYL Nair Charitable Hospital, lasted seven hours, local reports state. Medics claim the biggest brain tumour that was successfully removed before this weighed just 3.1lbs (1.4kg). Mr Pal had complained of a progressive swelling of his scalp, headaches and a loss of vision in both eyes. It is believed he had endured the agonising symptoms, which are tell-tale of a brain tumour, since he was just one. By the time he was admitted to hospital he was blind and his scalp has swelled to appear as if he had two heads mounted on top of each other. Scans revealed the tumour had invaded into the brain on both sides of the midline through skull bone and revealed the blood supply of the tumour. But in a seven-hour operation, surgeons successfully removed the massive tumour along with skull bone which had invaded into the brain. Mr Pal needed a transfusion of 11 units of blood and then spent three days on life support afterwards but has since made a good recovery. However, it is unsure whether Mr Pal's vision has been restored. It is also unclear what type of brain tumour he was suffering from. Professor Trimurti Nadkarni who led the surgery said: 'Such large tumours are rare and are a surgical challenge. 'There was a heavy blood loss and this required great team skill in perioperative monitoring for a successful result. 'The weight of a similar case reported earlier has been 1.4kg. 'The patient has made good recovery and is now ambulatory and on full diet. He feels relieved of 'a large burden on his head.' Glioblastoma is considered the most aggressive tumour that can form in the brain. Senator John McCain was diagnosed with one in July 2017. Patients have a 10 per cent chance of surviving five years after their diagnosis, according to figures. The average lifespan is between 14 and 16 months. Three adults per every 100,000 will be struck down with a glioblastoma, says The American Association of Neurological Surgeons (AANS). It is most commonly found in men aged 50 to 60, and there is no link between developing glioblastoma and having a previous history with other cancers. WHAT IS THE TUMOUR MADE OF? The tumour is made up of a mass of cells growing quickly in the brain, and in most cases patients have no family history of the disease. It won't spread to other organs, however, once it is diagnosed, it is nearly impossible to target, surgeons claim. Unlike other types of brain cancer which are more specifically located, glioblastoma can occur in any part of the brain. WHAT TREATMENT IS AVAILABLE? Because the tumour likely already spread deep into the brain by the time it is diagnosed, the cancerous tissue is incredibly difficult to remove. Surgeon will only ever remove the tumour, or part of the tumour, if it won't do any damage to the surrounding brain tissue. Dr Babcar Cisse, a neurosurgeon at the Weill Cornell Brain and Spine Center, told Daily Mail Online in July 2017: 'By the time a glioblastoma is diagnosed, microfibers can spread to the rest of the brain which an MRI would not spot. 'So even if the main tumor is removed and the patient receives radiation and chemotherapy, it will come back.' GRADING A GLIOBLASTOMA Brain tumours are graded from between one to four, depending on how fast they grow and how aggressive they are. Malignant tumours are either given a high-grade three or four, while benign ones are given a lower grade one or two. Glioblastoma is often referred to as a grade four astrocytoma - another form of brain tumour, says the AANS. SYMPTOMS Patients typically complain of symptoms such as confused vision, trouble with memory, dizziness and headaches. The symptoms are somewhat nonspecific, and vary from person to person, and may not persist. The disease is therefore impossible to diagnose based on symptoms alone.
966401163607162880	2018-02-21 19:56:06	https://t.co/ZgA2Q5cMtQ	Spanish rapper is jailed for 3½ years for lyrics glorifying terrorism and insulting the crown https://t.co/ZgA2Q5cMtQ	 A rapper has been jailed for writing songs that prosecutors said glorified terrorism and insulted the Spanish crown. Josep Miquel Arenas, 24, from Mallorca, penned lyrics that called for political assassinations in the style of Basque separatist group ETA and said one regional politician 'deserved an atom bomb'. The singer, known as Valtonyc, appealed against an earlier conviction on the grounds of freedom of expression and artistic freedoms. He protested the controversial words were 'extreme, provocative, allegorical and symbolic'. But his three-and-a-half year prison sentence was upheld at the Supreme Court in Madrid on Tuesday. The tribunal declared Valtonyc's songs contained messages that praised 'not only the political objectives of but the violent means employed by' ETA and clandestine Leninist group GRAPO. Judges said reading the texts was enough 'to grasp the severity of the crime'. One song contained the line 'We want the deaths of these pigs', while another threatened the armed occupation of a royal palace in the Mallorcan capital of Palma. Street protests in Valtonyc's native Mallorca had called for his acquittal, but a second appeal is thought unlikely. 
966395573174784000	2018-02-21 19:33:54	https://t.co/XgglCmHdnr	Macron gets tough on migration with new rules that will speed up deportations and make it harder to apply for asylum https://t.co/XgglCmHdnr	 France has unveiled tough new measures aimed at locking up failed asylum seekers and other illegal migrants for longer and then deporting them as quickly as possible. It follows a massive increase in the number of foreigners coming into the country, including many who disappear into the black economy. President Emmanuel Macron’s draft bill cuts the length of time it takes to apply for asylum from the current year plus to six months. It also allows the authorities to detain those who are not allowed to stay in the country for up to 135 days until they are deported. At present, all have to be released within 45 days, meaning many failed asylum applicants simply carry on living rough in France for as long as they can. The time migrants have to mount appeals will also be halved to just 15 days, again ensuring they are deported as quickly as possible. Periods of administrative detention for those caught by police without any papers at all will also be increased from 16 to 24 hours. This aims to improve the checks made on potentially dangerous individuals, including terrorists or other types of criminals. The illegal crossing of French borders will also become an offence punishable by one year in jail, with migrants told they need to declare themselves to the authorities as soon as they arrive. Mr Macron has described the immigration system as ‘completely overwhelmed’, with more than 40 per cent of asylum seekers living on the street. The country received a record 100,000 asylum requests last year – up from around 85,000 in 2016 – and 30,000 were successful. There were just under 15000 forced expulsions in 2017. Thousands more migrants based themselves in France to work illegally in the black economy, or to plan their journeys to countries such as Britain from Channel ports including Calais. Mr Macron’s Interior Minister Gerard Collomb said: ‘This bill is balanced and will align our procedures with those existing in neighbouring countries’ while ‘stopping everybody coming our way.’ He added: ‘If we don’t take on this problem, we will not be able to guarantee the right to asylum in France anymore.’ But opponents said it was an unjust bill that was solely aimed at pleasing the millions of far-Right voters who supported Marine Le Pens’s National Front party during elections held last year. Jean-Michel Clement, an MP with Mr Macron’s own LREM party, said: ‘The most vulnerable will be punished’. Sonia Krimi, another Macron MP, accused the government of ‘playing with people's fears’, adding: ‘Not all foreigners in France are terrorists, not all foreigners cheat with social welfare.’ Staff at Ofpra, France’s refugee protection office, went on strike when the draft was presented by the government on Wednesday, with an Ofpra spokesman saying it was ‘an unequivocal departure from France’s tradition of providing asylum.’ And a statement released by migrant charity Cimade read: ‘We’re asking for the bill to be withdrawn. ‘We’re not even in favour of fighting for changes to the bill, because the philosophy behind it is just too repressive.’ Europe’s migrant crisis has had particularly negative effect on France, where a BVA poll last month showed 63 per cent of voters believing there are too many migrants immigrants in the country. President Macron’s draft bill still needs to pass through the French parliament before it becomes law, and it likely to be attacked and possibly watered down at every stage of the process 
966391080030785537	2018-02-21 19:16:02	https://t.co/yYTBZyogCe	South Koreans demand that two of their speed skaters are kicked out of the Olympics https://t.co/yYTBZyogCe	 Pressure is mounting for two South Korean speed skaters to be dumped from the national team after they were accused of 'bullying' a team-mate during a television interview. Hundreds of thousands of the country's fans have signed a petition calling for the banning of Kim Bo-reum and Park Ji-woo, who crossed the line almost four seconds ahead of the third Korean skater, Noh Seon-yeong, in the quarterfinals of the 500m pursuit heats on Monday. Television clips showed Noh in tears after the race, while Kim and Park appeared to ignore her and walk away, leaving just their Dutch coach, Bob de Jong, offering the stricken skater comfort at the PyeongChang Winter Olympics. She was blamed for the team's poor performance, with Kim saying in a live interview: 'The last skater couldn't keep up and we had a disappointing score'. Park added: 'I was very shocked when I crossed the finish line, because that's when I realised Noh was not with us.' In the pursuit heats, the clock only stops when the final skater has crossed the line and teams usually finish with all three skaters bunched together. Noh had been hoping to win gold to honour her late brother, former short track world champion Jin-kyu, who died of bone cancer in 2016. While her team-mates were being interviewed after the race, Noh walked out of the arena and declined to answer questions. Team pursuit results are decided when the last skater reaches the finish line, and 'that's the part where we did't do well', Kim said. Park said she was unaware that the skater was left behind in the heat, 'because it was too loud'. As of this afternoon, more than 500,000 people had signed a petition calling for both Park and Kim to be ousted from the national team. If a demand receives over 200,000 signatures within 30 days, the South Korean presidential office must address the issue. It has yet to give an answer. 'A sportsman who isn't a team player doesn't deserve to be part of the national team,' one petitioner wrote. Another said that it was, 'truly a shame to see the athletes bully one another, and they represent the Republic of Korea'. Public anger has yet to subside despite Kim since apologising for her remarks at Tuesday's news conference, where coach Baek Cheol-gi said it was Noh's choice to skate third on the final lap. However, Noh said in a later interview with local broadcaster SBS that she had never volunteered to be the third skater and had prepared to be in the middle. '[The three of us] practiced in different places and didn't really have a chance to see each other, let alone talk about the race,' she said. Noh and Kim declined to comment further after the race, while Park said 'I'm sorry'.
966386082223968256	2018-02-21 18:56:11	https://t.co/8yxaydyhDK	Hares are no longer turning white during the winter to camouflage with snow as global warming continues https://t.co/8yxaydyhDK	 Animals are losing their ability to blend in with their surroundings thanks to climate change, a new study suggests. Experts found that snowshoe hares in some parts of the US are not developing a white winter coat as expected, in response to lower levels of snowfall. Understanding animals' responses to the climate will become increasingly important as changes become more extreme in the future, researchers say. Animals in the extreme north, especially those adapted to survive harsh winters, are particularly vulnerable as these regions are experiencing the greatest changes. Agricultural scientists from Penn State University compared data from a study of snowshoe hares conducted in 2007 in the Yukon region of Canada with information collected from 70 Pennsylvania hares trapped in 2014 and 2015. Snowshoe hares are brown in the summer and develop a white coat in the winter to avoid predators. They found that the hares from the Eastern US had shorter, less-dense and less-white winter coats than their northern counterparts. Snowshoe hares got their name from their unusually large back feet which help them move in heavy snow. Having large back feet is not the only adaptation the small hare's have for life in the snow, their white winter coat helps them blend in with the snowy background. Researchers believe the changes are the result of the animals adapting to less snow caused by the warmer climate. 'We trapped three hares in January that were almost completely brown, and it's the first time that has been recorded in eastern North America,' lead researcher Laura Gigliotti said. The team also investigated how hares in Pennsylvania changed their behaviour with the temperatures of the winter months fluctuating. They found that the hares altered movement rates and resting-spot selection to cope with variable winter temperatures. Whilst this is a pointer that climate change is having a drastic impact on ecosystems and the survival of animals, it does provide some hope. If the hares are already responding to changes in their habitat, it is likely that they will continue to adapt as the climate alters. Researchers, right now, can only speculate over what time scale Pennsylvania snowshoe hares' adaptations to warmer winters have occurred. They also don't know whether genetic modifications are triggering the changes. But, in tandem, the adaptations may allow hares to survive warming long term. Ms Gigliotti added: 'Our results indicate that snowshoe hares may be able to adapt to future climate conditions. 'Unfortunately, we don't know if they can adapt as quickly as climate change is occurring.' The study was published in the Canadian Journal of Zoology. There are several ways in which animals can camouflage themselves against the surrounding environment. Countershading is a form of camouflage used by animals where one side of the animal is darker than another. Often, in the animal kingdom, an animal's back (dorsal side) is dark while its underside (ventral side) is light. In 2017, an immaculately preserved fossil of an armoured dinosaur was found that is believed to have used this form of camouflage. Despite being 18-foot-long and weighing nearly 3,000-pounds, the dinosaur was still huned enough for evolution to prefer camouflage over confrontation. Many animals can change their colour to blend in with their environment. Chamaeleons have two superposed thick layers of iridescent cells that have pigment and reflect light. There are tiny crystal in the upper layer of the skin of chameleons and depending on how relaxed they are, the nanocrystals become closer together or further apart. This movement alters the wavelength of light that is reflected and therefore appears a different colour to the eye. Animals such as squid and octopus change colour using specific cells called chromatophores, which change the colour of the skin. These chromatophores are specialist cells that are controlled by nerves which alters how much the pigment sac is changed and therefore a difference in colour. These changes can occur almost instantaneously and are controlled by nerves or chemicals in the body. Some mammals such as arctic foxes and Snowshoe hares change the colour of their pelt over time in line with the increased snowfall associated with winter. Snowshoe hares have a brown coat during the summer but develop a white pelt in the winter to avoid being easily spotted by predators. As well as colour change they can manipulate the texture of their skin in order to blend in with the terrain. The surface texture of an animals skin can also go a long way towards helping it blend in against its background, especially if the background is rough. Octopus and squid for example often live on rocky coral reefs or the sea floor where the texture is very uneven. By contracting their papillae - tiny muscles in the surface of their skin - they can mimic different textures. 
966381024677715972	2018-02-21 18:36:05	https://t.co/3NPVjrdaUu	Man is rescued by security guards after crawling into a LIONS’ ENCLOSURE on all fours at Indian zoo https://t.co/3NPVjrdaUu	 Startling footage shows a man being pulled alive from a lions' enclosure in India after breaking in while 'drunk'. Shot by an alarmed eye witness, the clip shows a trespasser crawling on all fours through the undergrowth. He can be seen making a beeline for a large cage at the back of the compound, before security guards swarm onto the scene and drag him to safety. Other guards reportedly distracted the occupant of the compound, a lioness called Gracy, while the rescue effort was going on. The flashpoint happened on Wednesday morning at Thiruvananthapuram Zoo, in the south-western state of Kerala, after Murugan Thonippadath, 45, scaled the five-foot iron fence. Mr Thonippadath, who has been described as mentally ill, had been reported missing from his home in the town of Ottapalam on Sunday. The zoo superintendent told TNM staff had done all they could. He said: “We have put up a 5 foot iron fence to ensure the safety of the visitors. And this comes before the actual lion enclosure. "Murugan had jumped the fence and then went into the enclosure. Security guards had to put their lives at risk to save Murugan. It was the timely action from the officials that saved him.” Police said no charges would be brought against Mr Thonipaddath and he had been taken to the general hospital in Thiruvananthapuram. 
966374894442369025	2018-02-21 18:11:43	https://t.co/yWmgBu99lK	Forget butts - BELLY BUTTONS are the new plastic surgery craze https://t.co/yWmgBu99lK	 People are nipping and tucking just about everything nowadays. There's been a huge surge in the plastic surgery in recent years, with men and women spending $16 billion to adjust their appearance in 2016 alone. Now, plastic surgeons say umbilicoplasty, or belly button surgery, is the latest trend. Speaking with Daily Mail Online, experts say more and more people are requesting navels like Emily Ratajkowski and Jessica Simpson. Dr Matthew Schulman, a board-certified plastic surgeon, said the number of belly button revisions he's performed has doubled over the past five and six years. He currently performs 12 to 15 of these procedures per month, and attributes this uptick to social media as well as people becoming increasingly aware that they can actually do something about their navels. 'We've become a much more image-oriented society,' Dr Schulman told Daily Mail Online. 'People are more aware of their bodies on Instagram... and they understand now that there's a way to make their belly button's look better.' According to RealSelf, there's been a 12 percent increase in people asking for navel surgery in the US compared to last year. That number is even higher in the UK, with 21 percent more people expressing interest in umbilicoplasty compared to 2017. The ideal belly button Experts say people are more likely to do something about their belly button right before the spring or summer season. 'The belly button is an important part of your anatomy from a cosmetic perspective,' Dr Thomas Sterry, a board-certified plastic surgeon. told Daily Mail Online. 'If you're at the beach ... and you got a bad belly button, it's hard to look sexy,' Dr Sterry added. Dr Schulman said the ideal belly button is an oval that's vertically-oriented because it makes the torso look longer and the abs leaner. 'When it comes to belly buttons people would more often bring Victoria Secret catalogs,' he said. His patient's have also brought in pictures of Jessica Simpson when she starred in the 2005 film The Dukes of Hazzard and model Emily Ratajkowski, who became a household name after starring in Robin Thicke's Blurred Lines music video in 2013. Meanwhile, many of Dr Schulman's patients have requested an innie belly button - a conclave navel - that's slightly hooded similar to the one Victoria Secret model Erin Heartherton sports. Dr David Shafer, a board certified plastic surgeon and RealSelf contributor, said that while belly buttons come in all shapes and sizes, an important factor is being 'midline' or centered. 'Believe it or not, some patients belly buttons are off center and they look to have it centered,' he told Daily Mail Online. Why do people get a belly button revision? Many patients come in to get their belly button piercing removed. 'I call this the "Britney Spears effect",' Dr Schulman said. 'All those people who got their belly buttons pierced in the 90s are now around 35 and their piercing looks funny' due to weight gain or pregnancy. The uptick in belly button revisions can also be attributed an increase in laparoscopic surgery, an abdominal or pelvic procedure performed through small incisions made around the belly button area, according to Dr Sterry. Dr Sterry, who performs at least 20 umbilicoplasties a year, nearly double the amount who used to perform five years ago, told Daily Mail Online many of his patients have had their belly buttons altered from previous surgery on their abdomen, like appendicitis. A number of patients come in because they're unsatisfied with their outies or umbilical hernia, a condition where intestine, fat, or fluid pushes through a weak spot in the abdomen causing the belly button to stick out like a little knot. How is the procedure performed? Umbilicoplasties can be performed using local anesthesia to numb the belly button area, combined with a sedative to make the patient drowsy. To turn an outie into an innie, Dr Schulman said he first makes a small incision around the rim of the belly button. Then he repairs the hernia using internal stitches, then revises the skin of the belly button to make it look like an innie. He said children as young as 11 years In order to remove a belly button piercing, Dr Schulman said he removes the skin 'hood' that develops along the top of the belly button. People who experience navel changes due to weight gain or pregnancy may also need a tummy tuck. 'We commonly do cosmetic repair on belly buttons when performing a tummy tuck,' he said. '[Belly button revision] is an isolated cosmetic surgery that's usually performed on patients who are usually younger,' he said. If someone is older and want a belly button revision, they may also need to have a tummy tuck too. An umbilicoplasty will typically take up to 30 to 40 minutes and patients often feel no pain afterward and usually 'require nothing more than a Tylenol.' He had advise people who've had their hernia repaired to avoid heavy lifting or exercise for about a week. Dr Shafer added that it takes a week or so for the swelling to resolve and any incision will take several weeks to months to heal. 'We offer our patients post-operative laser treatments to help speed up healing and improve the appearance of the incisions,' Dr Shafer told Daily Mail Online. 'In many cases we can hide the incisions inside of the belly button,' he added. 
966369205560987648	2018-02-21 17:49:07	https://t.co/keM7mBDiQ8	This is why you should listen to music in the gym https://t.co/keM7mBDiQ8	 Headphones are a standard sight in gyms today. And scientists have once again proven that listening to your favourite music could aid your exercise routine. Runners listening to 'Happy' by Pharrell Williams enjoy their workout 28 per cent more than those who do so in silence. The findings, made by Brunel University experts, explain why many adults create motivational playlists to listen to in the gym. Research has previously likened music to a legal, performance-enhancing drug that helps to cheat tiredness and spark feel-good vibes. And the new study, published in the journal Psychology of Sport and Exercise, backs up the widely-held theory. Lead author Marcelo Bigliassi said: 'We showed music has the potential to increase beta waves and elicit a more positive emotional state. 'This can be capitalised upon during other forms of exercise and render a given activity more pleasurable. 'People who struggle to engage in physical activity programmes should select appropriate pieces of music to exercise and see The Way It Makes You Feel.' The new study monitored electrical activity in the brains of 24 runners who were asked to run 400m at their own pace. Participants were hooked up to a portable electroencephalogram - often used to detect epilepsy - to measure brainwaves. This measured the electrical response in their brain in three situations, listening to six-minutes of music, a TED Radio Hours podcast or no sound at all. Researchers used psychological scales to measure how good the runners felt, what they focused their attention on, how alert they felt and how tired they were. They found music rearranges the electrical frequency of the brain, causing a drop in focus but enhancing enjoyment. Pharrell Williams' tune, which peaked at number one in the UK and US, boosted enjoyment by 13 per cent, on average, compared to the podcast scenario. The podcast didn’t affect how tired or happy the runners' felt, but it made them enjoy walking more than without a soundtrack. The brain mechanisms behind these effects appear to be linked to a boost in beta frequencies in the frontal and frontal-central regions of the cortex. Music streaming services, like Apple Music and Spotify, could be set to raise subscription prices, following the decision to increase royalties for songwriters and music publishers. Earlier this year, a federal copyright board raised the music streaming royalties for songwriters and music publishers by more than 40 per cent to narrow the financial divide separating them from recording labels. The decision stemmed from a long-running dispute that pitted songwriters against steadily growing music streaming services sold by Spotify, Apple, Google, Amazon and Pandora. The Copyright Royalty Board's decision will require those services to pay 15.1 per cent of their revenue to the songwriters and publishers, up from 10.5 per cent. The music publishers association hailed the ruling, stating that it represents 'the most favourable balance in the history of the industry'. None of the major companies affected by the new music streaming royalties have confirmed whether the shift will prod any of them to raise the prices paid by consumers. The popularity of music streaming services has soared in the past few years as more consumers have embraced paying a monthly or annual subscription fee for unlimited access to tens of millions of songs instead of incrementally buying a more limited amount of music on CDs or in a digital download. Those changing habits have pushed artists, songwriters and publishers to step up their efforts to get a larger cut of the royalties generated from music streaming - a format that didn't even exist when some performers signed their last record deals years ago. The Copyright Royalty Board drew up the new rates for songwriters and publishers after hearing evidence during a trial held in 2017.
966365035621699586	2018-02-21 17:32:33	https://t.co/QIE50Q8HVZ	Why too much screen time could be adding DECADES to your appearance https://t.co/QIE50Q8HVZ	 From social media anxiety to the risk of cancer, it's not secret that overusing your phone can lead to a long list of health problems. But according to a leading skin expert, too much screen time could also be wreaking havoc on your complexion - specifically on the neck area. Dermatologist Dr. Justine Hextall has urged women to avoid unsightly 'necklace lines' - deep wrinkles that form underneath the chin - by taking proper care of their skin and spending less time on their mobiles. Speaking on behalf of The Harley Medical Group, Dr. Justine explained: 'When you're constantly looking down at your phone or tablet, you're causing so called necklace lines - horizontal wrinkles on your neck and décolletage. 'The neck and décolletage are highly visible parts of our body, and one of the most biggest indicators of aging skin.' She added: Most of us take special care of the skin on the face but often forget the neck and below. The skin structure of the neck and décolletage is much thinner and more fragile than the face and therefore can be prone to sagging.' Along with UV exposure, smoking, excessive alcohol and city living, Dr. Justine cites mobile phones as one of the biggest lifestyle factors ruining our skin - but insists a few simple changes can help combat the problem. She explained: 'Simple changes in your everyday routine can help combat the problem. Treat your neck as you do your face and start with cleansing. 'I recommend a gentle wash, preferably mildly acidic, matching the skin's natural pH. When skin is rinsed it should feel calm and hydrated not tight.' Dr. Justine recommends daily sun protection, along with physical blocks such as zinc oxide, which can help reflect light away from skin when applied from your hairline down to your neck. . Cut down on phone screen time . Wash with mildly acidic products . Use anti-oxidant creams and serums . Collagen-boosting treatments Sagging skin can also be tackled through radiofrequency, micro-needling and ultrasound treatments such as Ultherapy, all of which can help to boost collagen production. But Dr. Justine warns against using creams that promise to tighten the area, adding: 'I am not aware of any cream that can truly firm skin after a few applications with lasting results. 'That said, serums and creams with anti-oxidants can protect skin and mitigate against the free radical damage from the effects of pollution and sun exposure, which both work to damage collagen exacerbating the sagging problem. 'So in effect, creams can protect against damage to the skin's collagen and elastin over time, if used regularly.'
966360903821266949	2018-02-21 17:16:08	https://t.co/Km5S89l9Sd	Japanese millionaire who won custody of 13 surrogate children in Thailand 'wants 1,000 babies https://t.co/Km5S89l9Sd	 The Japanese millionaire heir who won custody of 13 children he fathered through surrogate mothers in Thailand had a dream of having '1,000 babies'. Mitsutoki Shigeta, 28, had hatched a plan to produce a big family, after which he would run in an election and win by letting his children vote for him, Japanese media reports. Shigeta caused a 'baby factory' scandal in 2014 after Thai police found nine infants living with their nannies in an upmarket Bangkok apartment. A DNA test found that Shigeta was the biological father of the nine children, as well as four more babies born by surrogates in Thailand. Mariam Kukunashvili, founder of the Thai clinic that recruited some of the surrogate mothers, said in 2014 that Shigeta told her 'he wanted 10 to 15 babies a year and that he wanted to continue the baby-making process until he's dead.' He would achieve this by freezing his 'high-quality sperm' and keeping it in his own home. Ms Kukunashvili said Shigeta also told her that he wanted to run in an election and win by using his big family for voting. Shigeta later sued Thailand's Ministry of Social Development and Human Security for custody of the children, and won this week after the Thai surrogates signed away their rights. As he comes from a wealthy family, he has ample money and has prepared nurses and nannies to care for the children in Japan, the court ruling stated. 'For the happiness and opportunities which the 13 children will receive from their biological father, who does not have a history of bad behaviour, the court rules that all 13 born from surrogacy to be legal children of the plaintiff,' Bangkok's Central Juvenile Court said in a statement. Shigeta is the oldest son of Yasumitsu Shigeta, founder of Japanese telecom and insurance company Hikari Tsushin. As a major shareholder in the company, thee 28-year-old earns millions of dollars a year in dividends. The Shigeta case threw the spotlight on Thailand's then unregulated rent-a-womb industry, and helped push authorities to bar foreigners from paying for Thai surrogates in 2015. Surrogacy agencies quickly migrated to neighbouring Cambodia, who followed suit and barred the industry in 2016. In recent months there have been signs the industry has shifted to Laos, an opaque communist country with no restrictions on surrogacy. Some surrogacy agencies are now offering services to carry out the embryo transfer in Laos and then provide pregnancy care for the surrogate in Thailand, a wealthier country with vastly superior medical facilities.
966357070504235009	2018-02-21 17:00:54	https://t.co/fz8atJC6Qi	Moldovan model who gave birth three weeks ago is stabbed to death by her dentist husband https://t.co/fz8atJC6Qi	 A Moldovan model who gave birth three weeks ago has been murdered by her dentist husband who then jumped to his death from a high rise block of flats. Anastasia Cecati, 31, a well-known model, singer and actress in the country, is said to have rowed with Alexei Mitachi, 34, before he knifed her to death at an apartment in the capital Chisinau. Mitachi, a renowned dental professional who treated some of the nation's rich and famous, then plunged to his death from the seventh-floor flat. Emergency services found Cecati's body in a pool of blood. The couple's 20-day-old baby daughter was discovered in another room and taken to hospital. Cecati's career, which started when she was 16, had taken off in recent years and she went on to model for the likes of GQ, Playboy and Maxim. She also had a role in a television series called 'Las Fierbinti', had appeared in the video of 'Crash and Burn' by DJ Basshunter and earned second place in neighbouring Romania's Euro Sexy contest. After a spell in Bucharest, she is reported to have left for Dubai, where she worked on television projects and released music, local media reported. She met Mitachi last year at his private dental clinic and the pair married after a whirlwind romance. The same year, the dentist had split from his first wife Elena with whom he had a four-year-old child. However, the relationship quickly deteriorated and local media reported that they were no longer living together after a series of blazing rows. On the day of the murder-suicide, he had gone to the flat to visit their baby. Police later found Mitachi lying motionless on the ground beneath the apartment complex before making the grim discovery of Cecati's body inside the flat. Cecati, also known as Anastasia Cia, had worked on several television projects and had recently launched a line of evening dresses. She was passionate about yoga, travelling and sport. Fans left dozens of tributes and messages of condolence on her Instagram page. Elena Precrasnaia wrote on Instagram: 'A terrible tragedy for her parents... a beautiful girl, a young mother.' Another fan wrote: 'I will always miss you my beloved friend. You were a woman with the purest heart.' Ramona Gabor, who local media said was a good friend of Anastasia, wrote: 'So beautiful, always there to help and give advice! My heart broke the news that you are no longer among us.'
966347530031304705	2018-02-21 16:22:59	https://t.co/PF775Wbs2v	Binge-watching a TV show doubles the risk of a fatal blood clot, reveals analysis https://t.co/PF775Wbs2v	 Binge-watching your favourite series on Netflix almost doubles the chance of fatal blood clots, an analysis suggests. Those who answered they 'very often' sit down in front of the TV screen face a 1.7 times higher risk of venous thromboembolism (VTE). This is the umbrella term for deep vein thrombosis, a clot in the legs, and pulmonary embolism, when the clot travels to the lungs. Prolonged sitting can in some cases lead to blood clots because normal circulation of blood through the legs and feet is impaired. However, researchers discovered exercising may not even counter the damaging effects of sitting down for such long periods of time. University of Minnesota scientists found the risk of VTE remained high, even when weight and exercise levels were taken into account. The conclusion adds to the growing array of evidence highlighting the dangers of watching TV, the most common sedentary behaviour around the world. It was derived from data of 15,150 adults over 24 years. Participants were asked in 1987 about their health status, whether they exercised or smoked and whether they were overweight or not. By Dr Martin Scurr A key risk factor is inactivity; air travel actually poses no greater threat than sitting for a long period of time with your legs hanging down, in a car or train for example. In this position, the blood flows more sluggishly through the deep veins, making it more likely to pool and clot. For anyone travelling for more than two hours, the advice is to wear compression stockings, which squeeze the legs tightly so superficial veins are pressed almost flat, allowing blood to flow more quickly through deep veins. Moving about during a journey is essential, as using the leg muscles increases blood flow in the veins — when flying, aim to squeeze down the aisle at least once every two hours. Drinking plenty of water is also important as dehydration makes the blood more likely to clot (alcohol is forbidden as it can make you more dehydrated). They stayed in close contact with the researchers, who counted 691 incidences of VTEs among the group of participants in 2011. The study placed patients into four groups depending on how often they said they watched television. They were: never or seldom, sometimes, often or very often. Researchers, led by Dr Yasuhiko Kubota, then calculated their risk of VTE, which is most common in adults over the age of 60. Figures estimate up to 300,000 people in the US suffer from VTE each year, while blood clots strike one in every 1,000 adults annually in the UK. It can be caused by long airplane flights, because legs can be stuck in the same position for hours at a time, and medical treatments. Dr Kubota said: 'Avoiding frequent TV viewing, increasing physical activity and controlling body weight might be beneficial to prevent VTE.' 'Even individuals who regularly engage in physical activity should not ignore the potential harms of prolonged sedentary behaviors such as TV viewing.' The findings, published in Journal of Thrombosis and Thrombolysis, follow a similar study by Australian researchers last September. They found binge-watching your favourite series could lead you to an early grave from dementia, Parkinson's disease or diabetes. Perched on a sofa to watch two hour-long episodes each day increases the risk of an inflammatory-related death by 54 per cent. 
966342737787269126	2018-02-21 16:03:57	https://t.co/zPi3Xab5ZV	The incredible Spotify scam that created a millionaire revealed https://t.co/zPi3Xab5ZV	 A scam artist netted millions without breaking any laws thanks to an incredible scam on Spotify, an exposé has revealed. The unknown operator, based in Bulgaria, uploaded music clips for which they legally owned the copyright to the streaming service. They then set up thousands of accounts to continuously play back these tracks, likely using software bots to automate the process, to hack Spotify's pay-out system. By raking in the royalties generated each time the songs were played they were able to earn a vast amount of money over four months, industry sources have said. Altogether, over the four months, a pair of playlists may have generated revenues of more than £2.2 million ($3million). The ploy was only discovered when the scam proved so successful that the high volume of traffic for the lists came to the attention of major record labels. Scroll down for video In an in-depth report for Music Business Worldwide (MBW), journalist Tim Ingham first revealed the bogus activity. It was uncovered after two suspicious playlists, called Soulful Music and Music From The Heart, were noticed at the top of Spotify's global playlist charts. Each week, the music streaming service sends confidential figures to industry insiders that rank playlists by the amount of money they have earned. In late September 2017, both spurious lists had climbed higher than any other playlist created by a major label, sparking interest from the industry. They spotted a number of suspicious red-flags, which rang alarm bells over the playlists' authenticity. This included the short duration of the tracks and the obscure artists behind them, as well as the low number of subscribers yet high numbers of listens. Digging further they found evidence of a money-making scheme with a potential payout of up to $415,000 (£300,000) each month for the top ranked playlist alone. Quoting an anonymous source, MBW said: 'Spotify was sharing this weekly detailed data with the major labels, Merlin and other rights-holders for months before it was flagged up. 'All the while, it looks pretty plain that somebody was using purchased library music to extract hundreds of thousands, perhaps millions, of dollars, out of a royalty pool that would have otherwise gone to them and their artists. 'You can’t completely blame Spotify for this, because every one of these accounts was presumably attached to verifiable income.' Only plays by Spotify Premium paid for accounts are included in the total number of plays and the music clips themselves are thought have been bought and paid for. All this means the scam, while underhand, probably doesn't break any laws. It does beg the question, however, how many other users of the service are making money by manipulating Spotify's pay-out system. In a statement, a spokesman for Spotify said: 'We take the artificial manipulation of streaming activity on our service extremely seriously. 'Spotify has multiple detection measures in place monitoring consumption on the service to detect, investigate and deal with such activity. 'We are continuing to invest heavily in refining those processes and improving methods of detection and removal, and reducing the impact of this unacceptable activity on legitimate creators, rights holders and our users.' An unknown operator, based in Bulgaria, uploaded music clips for which they owned the copyright to Spotify. Two suspicious playlists, called Soulful Music and Music From The Heart, were spotted at the top of the music streaming service's global playlist charts. The playlists were created in May, 2017. As of September 23, Soulful Music had climbed to position 35 globally and 11 in the US. Music From The Heart meanwhile made it to number 84 globally and 22 in the US. When industry insiders looked into both, they found that the songs they contained were linked to a company or individual in Bulgaria. Most were just over the 30 second limit set by Spotify to trigger monetisation, with an average length of 43 seconds. If a song is played for less than 30 seconds, it doesn't generate any revenue. Just shy of 1,800 people were following Soulful Music at its peak, which is extremely low for a chart-topping playlist. It contained 467 tracks, which is considerably higher than similar high performing curated lists. Spotify's analytics revealed that around 1,200 Premium account listeners were playing Soulful Music each month. This means the scammer would have had to set up these accounts manually, at a cost of $9.99 (£9.99) each, or around $12,000 (£12,000) per month, assuming they paid for full price subscriptions. According to calculations made by MBW, however, the payout of the scam would be $288,000 (£207,000) per month if carried out manually. Letting 43 second tracks run continuously on one account for the 86,400 seconds in a day would generate 60,000 track listens in a 30 day month. Across 1,200 accounts, this would account for 72,000 listens per month. At $0.004 per play, a conservative estimate of Spotify's average payout per listen, this soon mounts up. The figure rises to $415,000 (£298,000) if bots were used to automate the process and skip tracks just after the 30 second mark.
966338255061954560	2018-02-21 15:46:08	https://t.co/dVjQKH9DK3	Toddler has a chopstick lodged in his BRAIN after falling onto it while running around at home https://t.co/dVjQKH9DK3	 A toddler in China has had a chopstick removed from his skull after it got lodged there through his mouth. The boy, known by his nickname Yang Yang, accidentally fell onto the chopstick during lunch time on February 18 at his home in Hengyang, Hunan Province. Surgeons carried out an emergency operation overnight in order to save the child, according to a local report. Yang Yang, who was not yet two years old, was running around his home while holding the chopstick, according to his father Mr Li. The child got tripped by a threshold and the chopstick speared into his mouth, Mr Li told Hunan Television Station. The boy's mother told the station that Yang Yang's grandmother was following behind Yang Yang trying to feed him food. Yang Yang was rushed to a local hospital. Local doctors told his family members that they must take the boy to the Central South University's Second Xiangya Hospital, which is in the provincial capital Changsha. Doctors from the Central South University's Second Xiangya Hospital immediately examined the boy after receiving him at around 6pm. They found that the chopstick had gone so deep into his skull that it was resting in his brain. Emergency surgery was planned and a team of interdepartmental experts was formed. Neurosurgeons Huang Wei, Xiang Jun and chief of neuro Zhou Yangpo operated on the child, but the surgery proved most difficult for the anaesthesiologists, reports said. The experts were unable to put the boy under because the mask used to induce the safest form of anaesthesia was obstructed by the protruding chopstick. The doctors therefore decided to cut a section of the stick off in order to fit the mask over the boy's face. The neurosurgeons opened the boy's skull from the back of his head, accessing his posterior cranial fossa to find the tip of the chopstick. The wooden stick was then slowly removed from the boy's oral cavity, which caused bleeding from his wounds. The operation which began in the evening ended in the early hours of the following morning, but it was a success. The toddler has since regained consciousness in the facility's ICU. The hospital expects him to be discharged in the coming days. 
966335740467728385	2018-02-21 15:36:08	https://t.co/LIMBBZteP6	Wife divorces her husband in Dubai because he charged her £100 every time she asked him for a lift https://t.co/LIMBBZteP6	 A woman is divorcing her husband in Dubai because he charged her almost £100 every time she asked for a lift. She was the household's sole breadwinner and paid the bills because her unemployed husband couldn't hold down a job, the Al Bayan newspaper reported. Since she doesn't yet have her own car, she relied on her husband for rides after work. But she was stunned when she asked him to drive her somewhere and he asked her to pay for it. Believing it to be a one-off, she paid him – but was horrified when he demanded 500 dirhams (£97.63) for every ride. He told her it was because the time he spent chauffeuring her was keeping him from his friends, she said. She decided to stop asking for rides from him and filed for divorce last month. 
966330704010338304	2018-02-21 15:16:08	https://t.co/H7LB1M1Uxz	Wine destroys bacteria that causes cavities and gum disease https://t.co/H7LB1M1Uxz	 Drinking wine may protect teeth by destroying bacteria that cause cavities and gum disease, new research suggests. Despite many dentists warning booze's acidic content can damage teeth, a study released today suggests antioxidants in wine significantly prevent bacteria that cause plaque, cavities and periodontal disease from sticking to gums. When these bacteria enter the bloodstream, they can trigger a chain reaction that has been linked to heart disease and cancer. The latest discovery could lead to the development of 'wine-inspired' toothpastes and mouthwashes that contain such antioxidants, according to the Spanish researchers. Gum disease affects around three in every four adults in the UK, with symptoms including sore, bleeding gums during brushing. An occasional glass of wine does not benefit your heart, according to a review of 45 studies released in May 2017. Previous investigations have suggested moderate drinkers have lower heart disease rates than teetotallers, leading to the widespread myth that the occasional indulgence boosts our heart health. Yet, alcohol abstainers in these past studies may have been former drinkers who quit or cut down due to an existing health concern, and are therefore less healthy than moderate drinkers irrespective of their alcohol consumption, the review found. Healthy older people may also be more inclined to enjoy an occasional alcoholic drink than those with existing health problems, the research adds. This gives the false illusion of an association between moderate drinking and better health, the researchers said. Lead author Dr Tim Stockwell, director of the Center for Addictions Research at the University of Victoria in British Columbia, Canada, said: 'The notion that one or two drinks a day is doing us good may just be wishful thinking.' The researchers followed more than 9,100 adults from the UK aged between 23 and 55 years old. They found that moderate drinkers - defined as those who had up to two alcoholic beverages a day - had a lower risk of heart disease than nondrinkers. Yet, this was not the case when the researchers analysed the drinking habits of younger people - aged 55 or less - and followed them to an older age when they are more at-risk of heart disease anyway. The researchers argue that while past studies suggest nondrinkers are less healthy than those who drink moderately, this is likely due to our health influencing our drinking habits, resulting in people with poor health choosing to abstain. Antioxidants in red wine boost dental health Study author Dr Victoria Moreno-Arribas, from the Spanish National Research Council in Madrid, said: 'Oral cells normally constitute a physical barrier that prevents infections. 'But bacterial adhesion to host tissues constitutes a key step in the infectious process.' Results further suggest antioxidants in red wine are more effective than commercially-available grape-seed and red-wine extracts at preventing plaque-causing bacteria from sticking to lab-grown cells in modeled gum tissue. When digested in the mouth, these antioxidants are thought to produce molecules that may benefit oral health. Combining the antioxidants with the oral probiotic Streptococcus dentisani further boosts dental health. 'Mouthwashes and chewing gums have been proposed' Speaking of how the experiment was carried out, Dr Moreno-Arribas added: 'We tested concentrations in the range normally found in wine - 50 and 10 µg/ml. 'Working with cells that model gum tissue we found the two wine polyphenols - caffeic and p-coumaric acids - were generally better than the total wine extracts at cutting back on the bacteria's ability to stick to the cells. 'Delivery methods for these compounds to treat oral disorders should be optimised. 'Mouthwashes and chewing gums have been proposed as interesting matrices for the application of dietary polyphenols in the management of oral health.' The findings were published in the Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry. Two-and-a-half glasses of wine a day 'cleans' the brain This comes after research released earlier this month suggested a couple of glasses of wine a day not only clears the mind but cleans it too. Mice exposed to the equivalent of around two-and-a-half glasses a day are more efficient at removing waste products from the brain that are associated with dementia, a study found today. The animals, who were given a compound of alcohol known as ethanol, also perform as well as 'teetotal' rodents on cognitive and motor tests, the research adds. Lead author Dr Maiken Nedergaard from the University of Rochester, said: 'Prolonged intake of excessive amounts of ethanol is known to have adverse effects on the central nervous system. 'However, in this study we have shown for the first time that low doses of alcohol are potentially beneficial to brain, namely it improves the brain's ability to remove waste.' The researchers did not mention whether red or white wine is most effective at 'cleaning' the brain but add other types of alcohol, including beer, would likely have the same impact.
966327778269454336	2018-02-21 15:04:30	https://t.co/tn8GL9cPHd	This is what the world would look like without people https://t.co/tn8GL9cPHd	 With smashed windows, grime-covered interiors and exteriors coated in vines - these buildings appear to come from some post-apocalyptic disaster movie. In fact photographer Johnny Joo captured these images across modern day America in places that humans deserted many years ago. His images show how houses, shopping malls a former US armory and even a Ferris Wheel are slowly swallowed back up by the natural world. One particularly haunting shot shows the inside of a misty greenhouse looking like something out of Jurassic Park. Johnny, 27, said: 'I think it's incredible, and beautiful how powerful and unforgiving nature is to the structures that get left behind. 'My favourite image is the one of the greenhouse - I'd been visiting since I was 12, I believe before it was even abandoned, and then more often between the age of 15 to 25. 'I was able to see the changes nature was making in the space, and how it was taking over so quickly. Trees grew up through the glass. It was peaceful there, and I loved to spend evenings there enjoying the sun. 'The asylum was one of the largest places I had ever explored - over 20 buildings abandoned and being taken over by nature just like that one. It was something incredible to experience. I spent well over 12 hours there. 'I really like how much it shows nature's strength to regrow, reclaim and live on even through all that we are doing to it.'
966323143358009344	2018-02-21 14:46:05	https://t.co/cYalznvWlX	'Fish zombie' and gruesome sea cucumbers are among a Russian fisherman's latest horrifying catches https://t.co/cYalznvWlX	 They may look like something out of 'Alien', but these terrifying sea creatures live far closer to home than the monsters in Ridley Scott's 1979 film. The mysterious deep-sea beasts were captured by a fisherman off northwest Russia, in an area that scientists describe as the ocean's 'twilight zone'. Roman Fedortsov has become an online celebrity for the incredible sea creatures that end up in his nets, with the trawlerman frequently posting snaps of his bizarre catches to the internet. The latest additions to his collection include a weird shark-like creature with bright red bug eyes which the fisherman dubbed 'fish zombie'. Mr Fedortsov, from the city of Murmansk in north-western Russia's Arkhangelsk Oblast region, added: 'By the way, very famous and delicious fish.' The startling image made a big impression on the trawlerman's 280,000 followers on Instagram. User Abraham_multimedia commented: 'Spooky red eyes!!!' Nannahbear' wrote: 'Who hit the poor thing, lol!' Mr Fedortsov fishes in the Barents Sea - a shallow sea that opens onto the Arctic Ocean. His nets drop down to the ocean's 'twilight zone' -the mysterious ecosystem of the deep ocean of which we've explored less than 0.05 per cent. The zone is the area between 660 to 3,300 feet (200 to 1,000 metres) below the surface known as the Mesopelagic zone that has produced a range of weird and wonderful creatures rarely seen by humans. Mr Fedortsov is in charge of fish processing on his boat, meaning he gets to a range of strange marine creatures, and he regularly posts photos of the more unusual species found in the nets. He works for around three months at a time on expeditions and has sailed around the world, including to African and Atlantic waters. Mr Fedortsov said: 'Followers get an idea that every time we pull up a net it is full of extraordinary fish. In reality it is not true. It happens rarely. 'I think all fish are beautiful in their own way. I can't say that some are ugly or monstrous.' Mr Fedortsov is clearly proud of his collection but is as mystified by many of the creatures as anyone, often asking his followers to help with identifying them. The middle zone of Earth's oceans is known as the 'twilight zone' and receives only faint, filtered sunlight during the daytime. Also known as the mesopelagic zone, it typically between 660 to 3,300 feet (200 to 1,000 metres) below the surface. Because seawater absorbs sunlight, the region lacks enough light for photosynthesis to take place, so no plants live in the zone. Animals in the region are adapted to life in near-darkness, cold water and high pressure. Many of the animals in this zone have large eyes, helping them see at dark and murky depths. Most are small, dark and thin to help camouflage them, and many have large teeth and jaws. While deep-sea creatures tend to have an alien-like appearance to begin with, it's also known that changes in pressure can affect the appearance of some when they're brought to the surface. Thousands of feet below the sea, they are subjected to extremely high pressures. While some are able to withstand dramatic vertical migrations, the lower pressures of the world above are known to cause metabolic problems for others, and can even alter their shape. This effect can be seen most famously in the case of the blobfish – a creature voted the world's 'ugliest animal.' Among the many creatures brought to light is the frilled shark – an elusive eel-like shark with rows of terrifying teeth. The frilled shark is often called a living 'relic' due to its primitive features. He also tweeted an image of a wolf fish and a bearded sea devil - one of the world's most rarely seen fish. He found a longhorn cowfish, recognisable by its long horns that protrude from the front of its head and a cookiecutter shark, which is part of the 'sleeper shark' family. Another strange creature was identified as an Angler fish. An odd fleshy protrusion coming from the fish's head acts as a lure for prey. The fisherman has also revealed photos of the bizarre chimaera, a fish commonly known as the 'ghost shark.' Chimaera are known for their winged fins and long, whip-like tails – and an image captured by Fedortsov reveals their haunting green eyes. But, these glow only when exposed to light. In the darkness of the sea, ghost sharks appear to have sunken, 'dead' eyes. Like sharks and rays, chimaeras have a skeleton made of cartilage. While he may be better versed in deep sea creatures than most people, some catches had even Fedortsov stumped. With one photo of a bizarre, alien-like creature with a massive jaw and sharp teeth, the fisherman wrote, 'We're still arguing about this one. What is it?' On Twitter, many have chimed in with their thoughts, with some arguing that the specimen in question is a stoplight loosejaw, a deep-sea dragonfish from the genus Malacosteus. And, not all of the catches are fish. One picture reveals a massive orange 'sea spider' – a marine arthropod with long, spindly legs that's roughly the size of a human hand. Creatures of a similar appearance were recently discovered in the Arctic and Southern Oceans, where they've been observed at a staggering leg-span of nearly 25 centimetres. These sea 'spiders' are actually pycnogonids, a type of primitive marine arthropod, and they grow to massive sizes in a phenomenon known as polar gigantism — but scientists don't know why. A terrifying fish with massive teeth is also among the many remarkable catches. According to Fedortsov, the creature is a black scabbardfish. Another bizarre fish, with bulging red eyes and drooping red lips, was identified as a type of grenadier. These are also known as rattails, and can be found deep below the surface from the Arctic to the Antarctic. 
966320500141064192	2018-02-21 14:35:35	https://t.co/aQ1nbnJYAm	Parents who were told their baby had died seven years ago discover the child is ALIVE https://t.co/aQ1nbnJYAm	 A mother and father who were told their baby had died in hospital seven years ago have discovered the child is alive and living in an orphanage. The parents, from Volgograd in south-west Russia, were told in 2011 by doctors that the severely ill baby would not live longer than a week. They signed a waiver to leave the newborn in the hospital's care and went home. When they had a change of heart a few days later, and returned for the child, the couple were told that the baby had died. The grieving parents got on with their life - but the truth began to unravel because of an incredible coincidence. After an administrative mix-up, a bailiff was sent to recover £3,000 for the cost of care for the child on behalf of the orphanage. As the parents were not at home, the bailiff seized the mother's bank account. The next day, the woman showed up at the reception of the Volgograd administration of the Federal Bailiff Service to find out why she could not access her money. When officials showed her the documents from the orphanage, the mother fainted. A spokesperson for the bailiff service said: 'It became clear that the married couple had been assured for all this time that the child was dead. 'The parents, so unexpectedly aware of the 'resurrection' of their baby, immediately appealed to the court for the restoration of parental rights.' In November 2017, justice triumphed and the child was legally reunited with her parents earlier this year. The bailiff service said it was a 'truly, amazing story with a happy ending'. It is not known whether the couple intend to pursue legal proceedings against the hospital.
966316378658656256	2018-02-21 14:19:12	https://t.co/rVp831JRZu	Seven teenage boys filmed themselves overdosing on a 'Russian designer pill bought on the Dark Web' https://t.co/rVp831JRZu	 The schoolboys hospitalised after taking drugs on their lunch break filmed themselves swallowing Russian anti-anxiety pills and posted the footage to Snapchat, it has been reported. Five year 10 boys are fighting for their lives and two are stable after a mass overdose at $11,000-a-year Saint Stephen's College in Upper Coomera, Queensland on Wednesday. Students said one of the boys filmed the group taking depressant drug phenibut, which was made illegal in Australia this month, and sent the video to friends on Snapchat. Scroll down for video The video showed the label of the drug and the dosage the boys were taking, reported the Courier Mail. Headmaster Jamie Dorrington, who has visited the boys at Gold Coast University Hospital, asked parents to tell their children not to share the video as police seized students' mobile phones. He wrote in an email: 'If your child receives any messages or film footage or audio files relating to today's incident they MUST NOT forward to any other person. 'This is not a request from my office but from the Queensland Police Service.' Made in Russia in the 1960s, phenibut is a central nervous system depressant used to treat anxiety and insomnia. It is marketed in the US as a dietary supplement designed to 'help keep you calm'. Daily Mail Australia found it selling online for as little as $20, as police investigate if the boys bought it on the dark web. Medics are waiting for toxicology results expected on Thursday before officially revealing which drug the boys took. 'It would appear this was an overdose. We believe they have swallowed the drug,' Pat Berry of Queensland Ambulance Service said. He warned teenagers not to take drugs, adding: 'It's just Russian roulette. There really is no such thing as a recreational drug.' On Wednesday afternoon police investigating where the drugs came from set up two crime scenes at places in the school where the drugs were taken. The teenagers were 'giddy and nauseous' and 'unaware of their surroundings' when paramedics arrived around 1pm. They were all conscious when they were taken to hospital where their parents now keep vigil in the Intensive Care Unit. The hospital refused to provide an update on the boys' condition when contacted by Daily Mail Australia late Wednesday night. Six are aged 15 and one is 14. 'We are making some inquiries as to whether or not they have actually purchased it off the internet themselves,' Inspector Tony Wormald said. 'There is that possibility but it is early days in the investigation. It is a very sobering update really. It's very serious.' 'There are several students that are actually helping us with the lines of inquiry we have got,' Inspector Wormald added. 'The taking of illicit drugs seems to be very prevalent at the moment.' Phenibut is a central nervous system depressant used to treat anxiety and insomnia. It was first made in Russia in the 1960s and is marketed in the US as a dietary supplement designed to 'help keep you calm'. On February 1 Australia became the first country to make it illegal due to health concerns. It is said to be highly addictive with side effects including headaches and depression. Before the ban, it was easy to buy online without a prescription as a nutritional supplement in powder. Police are trying to find out who supplied the drugs and warn they will face 'serious charges.' Paramedics were called to the school, which teaches students from Kindergarten to Year 12, at 12.48pm. Upset parent Claudia Stoessel told the Gold Coast Bulletin: 'I just got here and saw all the police and the ambulances and I didn't even get told anything.' 'It gave me a heart attack because my son is 14 and people were saying it was a 14 year old, it was so scary.' It comes just weeks after the school's senior vice-captain Brittany Hills was found dead under a bridge at Paradise Point after a suspected suicide. One mother told the Courier Mail: 'We are still mourning one student. I don't think anyone could cope with losing another.' Headmaster Jamie Dorrington said in a statement this afternoon: 'A number of students attended the Health Centre today, seven students have been taken to hospital. All the student's parents went with them. 'It is likely the students have ingested some kind of substance. While this is obviously of concern to me, it does allow me to reassure you that their illness was not due to anything contagious. 'The Queensland Ambulance Service has just been with the Executive staff and noted that the school's response was exactly as they would have liked it to have been. Students all received appropriate care as soon as we were alerted to the problem. 'I have been advised by Queensland Ambulance that if students were to exhibit any symptoms it would have occurred by now.'
966303541261414401	2018-02-21 13:28:11	https://t.co/PggosaIDn4	Incredible moment giraffe gives birth in South Africa before her calf takes his first wobbly steps https://t.co/PggosaIDn4	 A lucky wildlife photographer has captured the moment a giraffe gave birth right in front of her. The male calf's hesitant first steps were caught on camera by Ayesha Cantor as she drove around the Kragga Kamma safari park in South Africa. The gangly newborn got off to a shaky start, briefly finding his feet before tumbling over backwards. But a nudge from his mum helped him onto his feet after more than an hour. After a lengthy gestation period of 16 months, the six-foot mammal needed time to acclimatise - and some encouragement from his worn-out mum. Giraffe pregnancies do not usually last longer than 15 months. Mrs Cantor, who co-owns the game reserve in Port Elizabeth, said "the excitement of it all made me shake like mad". "As it was an overcast morning, I thought to do a drive around the park," she said. "I noticed a giraffe far off with its tail at an unusual angle, so I went closer to investigate. I was so chuffed to see a pair of tiny trotters dangling from mum to be. "It seemed to take a bit longer than usual for this particular giraffe to stand on his own. "But after considerable patience and encouragement from mum it was up and at the milk bar." She said she never tired of seeing giraffes coming into the world. "Seeing a live birth never gets old. Each one is different and so very special. "Giraffe breed easily but calf mortalities are high due them being so vulnerable during the birthing process. "The actual birth can take a few hours and then it also takes an hour or so for the calf to properly get up on it's feet. Even then it won't easily outrun a predator." The broader outlook for the world's tallest animal is increasingly bleak. Latest estimates from the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) say giraffe numbers across Africa have plummeted by 40 per cent in the last three decades, leaving just 18,000 giraffes in the world's second-largest continent. The IUCN has upgraded the giraffe from 'least concern' to 'vulnerable' on its red list of threatened species amid concerns over habitat loss, human population growth and illegal hunting. 
966298084656472064	2018-02-21 13:06:30	https://t.co/AtGWqTVQ2C	Taiwanese driver cheats death by ONE SECOND as boulder suddenly falls from a cliff onto a busy motorway https://t.co/AtGWqTVQ2C	 A driver in Taiwan had a near brush with death yesterday after a huge rock suddenly fell some 100 feet from a cliff onto a major motorway. Terrifying dashcam footage provided by the driver shows how the boulder plunged down and landed inches from his car without warning. The driver, who wished to be known by his surname Tsai, said when was viewing the footage after his journey, he was shocked to see how he had dodged death by just one second. Mr Tsai, 38, said he was driving on the Hualian Motorway yesterday afternoon when the rock fell. He had gone to Hualian city to see friends during the Lunar New Year. He was on his way back to his home in Taipei. Mr Tsai was driving his new £19,000 car, a Taiwan-made Luxgen, which he bought three months ago. Mr Tsai told MailOnline he had been driving quite slowly as he had wanted to enjoy the scenery along the way. 'When I was about to enter a tunnel a dump truck suddenly cut in front of me, and I let it pass,' the driver said. 'I saw some loose rock falling from the truck, so I slowed down. 'But shortly after I left the tunnel, the boulder fell.' Mr Tsai uploaded his footage onto Facebook account '17newsgo' yesterday, and it has since been widely shared. After Mr Tsai reached home, he was wondering how he had avoided the boulder, so he watched the dashcam footage. 'If I had driven faster by one second, I could have been dead,' he said. The viral video has caught the attention of the Directorate General of Highways, Taiwan's motorway authority. One spokesperson told Apple Daily they had identify the location of the incident and had sent officers over for an emergency investigation. The same spokesperson said officers found out the boulder had fallen from around 30 metres high (98 feet). It's thought that the cliff along the motorway could have be loosened by rain as well as the earthquake earlier this month. On February 6, a magnitude 6.4 earthquake struck the Hualian area killing 17 people. The Directorate General of Highways said they would monitor the section of the motorway today and send more officers over tomorrow for further investigation. 
966292745177522177	2018-02-21 12:45:17	https://t.co/K5VVW5Tj87	Revealed: Why your tourist toilet habits are bad for locals – and the environment https://t.co/K5VVW5Tj87	 While many prospective holidaymakers actively seek a change in cuisine or climate when choosing their destination, standardised sanitation usually remains a must. You might think that the preference for a porcelain toilet is harmless, but in reality it can put a serious strain on both the local population and the environment. Here Brendan Canavan, a senior lecturer in marketing at the University of Huddersfield writing for the Conversation, argues that many of the most pervasive problems associated with tourism can be seen through the toilet bowl. Research suggests that in some locations up to 40 per cent of water is consumed by tourists. Tourists tend to splash out far more per day on average than local residents, who are often out-competed by industry for water access. Using limited freshwater supplies to flush tourists’ toilets means less for residents’ drinking, cleaning and cooking needs. Environmentally, the sheer volume of incoming tourists can come at a high price. Local sewage facilities often struggle to cope with the influx of human waste. Many small islands with limited infrastructure, such as Barbados, have no choice but to pump raw sewage straight into the sea, putting vast swathes of the Caribbean’s coral reefs at risk. This defecatory deluge also depletes limited water reserves. In Cape Town, hotels are having to abruptly limit guests’ water usage as the city suffers drought. In Bali, fast-growing tourism demand is linked to rapid depletion of the island’s water resources. These economic and environmental harms often stem from a misplaced sense of cultural superiority that accompanies us to the bathroom. The internet is awash with travellers’ toilet horror stories, written with apparently little social sensitivity or willingness to compromise. Those fortunate enough to be able to travel might want to remind themselves of UN estimates for 2017, which suggest that 61 per cent of the global population – roughly 4.5 billion people – lack access to a toilet or latrine that disposes of waste safely. Westerners tend to judge other cultures harshly, when really they should be judging global inequality, poverty and politics. Perhaps some judgement should be reserved for people in rich countries themselves, where bathroom norms aren’t exactly perfect. For example, squatting rather than sitting is better for the colon. Rather than a sight to be avoided, a glance at one’s waste before flushing can in fact be a quick and easy health check. Embarrassment about bodily functions is inhibiting when holidays are meant to be liberating. Different sanitation solutions suit different situations. The World Bank and the WWF have both worked to celebrate toilet innovations across the world that challenge preconceptions and improve sustainability. For instance, urine-diverting privies in Bolivia are an integral link in a chain that converts waste into fertiliser for growing crops. Cranfield University is developing the Nano Membrane Toilet, which converts waste into clean water and energy, without the need for external power or water. Some Western tourist locations are already rethinking their taste in toilets. Composting toilets introduced in various Scottish nature reserves have proved highly popular with visitors. Melbourne Zoo and other attractions have implemented water conservation and recycling measures in restrooms, including waterless urinals. The increasing use of such practices by authorities and businesses will only help to challenge harmful expectations when people travel further afield. There are also simple changes that tourists can make when going to the bathroom that will have a positive impact on the environment and local communities, and possibly even lead to more interesting holiday experiences. Remember that different ecological settings require different bathroom styles. Always avoid flushing wipes and other non-biodegradables. In water stressed areas, be conscious of your water usage. Don’t demand what local people don’t have. The threat of extreme drought has forced Cape Town luxury hotels to ask guests to limit the length of showers, turn off the tap while brushing their teeth, and let it mellow if its yellow, but actions like these could benefit locals in tourist destinations across the developing world. Support small businesses. Their toilets may not always be gleaming, but the experience might be more memorable. While luxury tourism in developing countries rarely benefits those in need, going local is one way to contribute. Lastly, nurture your sense of adventure. If you want to live like a local, you should defecate like one. Pack your hand sanitiser and spare toilet roll, and immerse yourself in local culture. Get ready to try out new facilities, not just whatever commode is à la mode. There are toilet attractions dotted all over the globe that are well worth a visit. For example, why not try the Haewoojae Museum in South Korea, solely dedicated to celebrating the lavatory. We shouldn’t expect all toilets to look the same. Tourism is about challenging expectations, exploring alternatives and expanding horizons. For the sake of the environment and the vulnerable, it is high time that we became more open-minded and adventurous with our toilette when travelling. After all, when in Rome, wipe as the Romans wiped (using a wet sponge on a stick, apparently). 
966288621220360199	2018-02-21 12:28:54	https://t.co/8oQC1of2zk	Taiwan zoo artificially inseminates female panda after she failed to mate with her partner https://t.co/8oQC1of2zk	 There was panda-monium at a Taiwanese zoo when two confused giant pandas failed to do the deed during a crucial 72-hour mating window. Out-of-practice male panda, Tuan Tuan was attempting to mate with Yuan Yuan at Taipei Zoo. But, to be fair, he has waited for over 11 months for the chance to breed. Tuan Tuan was let loose with Yuan Yuan after breeders at the zoo, one of the largest in Asia, pinpointed yesterday as the height of her oestrus - when female giant pandas come on heat and are ready to mate, just once a year. However, a confused Tuan Tuan appeared a little too keen, and failed to realise he was focusing on the wrong end of his hapless partner. Female giant pandas (Ailuropoda melanoleuca) - notorious for being uninterested in sex - are only on heat for between 24 and 72 hours every spring, and Tuan Tuan failed to make the most of this small window. As a result of his clumsy efforts, researchers at the zoo separated the pair late yesterday afternoon, and began trying to artificially inseminate Yuan Yuan with Tuan Tuan's sperm. The procedure was repeated this morning, in a bid to increase Yuan Yuan's chances of mothering what would only be her second cub. According to World Wide Fund For Nature, there are over 1,800 giant pandas living in the wild. In 2013, artificial insemination helped Yuan Yuan conceive and give birth to her only cub Yuan Zai, a female who is now four years old. Breeders chose not to let the pair try for another in 2014, so the mum could look after her cub. However, mating efforts both natural and artificial have proven fruitless since 2015. Tuan Tuan and Yuan Yuan - whose combined names mean 'reunion' - were both born in 2004 at the famous Wolong National Nature Reserve in south-western China's Sichuan Province. Following cross-strait discussions between the two Taiwanese administrations, the pandas were finally accepted as gifts by former China-friendly president Ma Ying-jeou in 2008. The bears' names were decided by a vote by the general public in mainland China. 
966283700425121792	2018-02-21 12:09:21	https://t.co/Odb0SW336B	North Korea's 'Reaper' hacking group is stepping up its cyber warfare capabilities https://t.co/Odb0SW336B	 North Korea's Reaper hacking group is stepping up its cyber warfare capabilities and is an 'advanced persistent threat, a leading US cybersecurity firm has warned. FireEye identified the Pyongyang-linked group it dubbed 'APT37' - standing for 'advanced persistent threat' - in a report on Tuesday. It's the first time that FireEye had used the designation for a North Korean-based group. Analysts say the isolated and impoverished, but nuclear-armed North has stepped up hacking operations partly to raise money for the cash-strapped regime, which is subject to multiple sanctions over its atomic weapons and ballistic missile programmes. FireEye said the cyber espionage group, previously known only for targeting South Korea's government and private sector, has become more sophisticated. Scroll down for video Last year, it hit further afield including in Japan and the Middle East, the security researchers said. Cyber attacks linked by experts to North Korea have targeted aerospace, telecommunications and financial companies in recent years, disrupting networks and businesses around the world. But North Korea rejects accusations it has been involved in hacking. FireEye said the state-connected Reaper hacking organisation, which it dubbed APT37, had previously operated in the shadows of Lazarus Group, a better-known North Korean spying and cybercrime group widely blamed for the 2014 Sony Pictures and 2017 global WannaCry attacks. APT37 had spied on South Korean targets since at least 2012, but has been observed to have expanded its scope and sophistication to hit targets in Japan, Vietnam and the Middle East only in the last year, FireEye said in a report. John Hultquist, FireEye's director of intelligence analysis, said the reappraisal came after researchers found that the spy group showed itself capable of rapidly exploiting multiple 'zero-day' bugs - previously unknown software glitches that leave security firms no time to defend against attacks. 'Our concern is that their (international) brief may be expanding, along with their sophistication,' Hultquist said. 'We believe this is a big thing'. APT37 has focused on covert intelligence gathering for North Korea, rather than destructive attacks or financial cyber crime, as Lazarus Group and other similar hacking groups have been shown to engage in order to raise funds for the regime, it said. The group appears to be connected to attack groups previously described as ScarCruft by security researchers at Kaspersky and Group123 by Cisco's Talos unit, FireEye said. 'We assess with high confidence that this activity is carried out on behalf of the North Korean government given malware development artefacts and targeting that aligns with North Korean state interests,' the security report said. APT37 concentrated mainly on South Korean government, military, defence industrial organisations and the media sector, as well as targetting North Korean defectors and human rights groups, from 2014 until 2017, according to the report. But since last year, its focus has expanded to include an organisation in Japan associated with the United Nations missions on human rights and sanctions against the regime and the director of a Vietnamese trade and transport firm. Its spy targets included a Middle Eastern financial company as well as an unnamed mobile network operator, which FireEye said had provided mobile phone service in North Korea until business dealings with the government fell apart. FireEye declined to name the firm involved, but Egypt's Orascom provided 3G phone service in the country via a joint venture from 2002 to 2015, until the North Korean regime seized control of the venture, according to media reports. Asked for comment, a spokeswoman for Orascom said she had no immediate knowledge of the matter and was looking into it. 
966279676791607296	2018-02-21 11:53:22	https://t.co/YgMT0glKl7	Escaped baby elephant barges through a hedge into an Indian farmyard petrifying a little boy https://t.co/YgMT0glKl7	 This is the hilarious moment a baby elephant surprised two dogs and a child by barging into their farmyard. Hemant, five, was playing with his dogs Jimmy and Roshy in their house in southern India on Sunday morning when his pets suddenly started barking relentlessly at the hedge. When the boy went to see why they were barking, he found a baffled baby elephant bursting straight into his garden in Kodagu, Karnataka. As Hemant and Jimmy fled back to the safety of their house, Roshy bravely faced the giant and tried to chase away the bumbling beast after it crashes into the yard in a fashion similar to the clumsy march of Colonel Hathi's elephant patrol in The Jungle Book. But the elephant - not about to be faced down by a dog - charged at the hound before turning and leaving of its own accord. After roaming the village for about two hours, the elephant returned to its habitat without attacking or hurting any residents. The incident occurred just a mile away from a nearby forest habitat for elephants and was captured in the surveillance camera installed at the porch. Hemant's father Shyam became aware of the bizarre encounter when he was informed by his son. The village has coffee plantations in its surroundings and inhabitants often come across wild elephants, who are believed to be in hundred, feeding off their crops. 
966274939182616576	2018-02-21 11:34:32	https://t.co/znREgOchBd	TripAdvisor names the best beaches in the world for 2018 https://t.co/znREgOchBd	 A beach in the Caribbean nation of the Turks and Caicos has been named as the best in the world by TripAdvisor. Grace Bay in Providenciales came out on top of the Travellers' Choice Beach awards beating competition from beaches in Brazil, Cuba and Spain. The top-rated beach in the UK is Bournemouth beach, the No1 in the USA is Clearwater Beach in Florida while Manly Beach is deemed to be the best in Australia. Taking the crown for the best beach in Europe is La Concha Beach in San Sebastian, Spain. TripAdvisor announces the Travellers' Choice beach awards every year and they are based on the quality and quantity of traveller reviews and ratings gathered over a 12-month period. Scroll down to see the full list of the top 25 beaches according to the review website. 1. Grace Bay, Providenciales, Turks and Caicos 2. Baia do Sancho, Fernando de Noronha, Brazil 3. Varadero Beach, Cuba 4. Eagle Beach, Aruba, Caribbean 5. Seven Mile Beach, Cayman Islands 6. La Concha Beach, San Sebastian, Spain 7. Clearwater Beach, Florida, USA 8. Seven Mile Beach, Negril, Jamaica 9. Bavaro Beach, Dominican Republic 10. Playa Norte, Isla Mujeres, Mexico 11. Elafonissi Beach, Crete, Greece 12. Falesia Beach, Albufeira, Portugal 13. Fig Tree Bay, Protaras, Cyprus 14. Bournemouth Beach, Dorset, UK 15. Anse Lazio, Praslin Island, Seychelles 16. Manly Beach, Sydney, Australia 17. Santa Monica State Beach, California, USA 18. Agonda Beach, Goa, India 19. Kleopatra Beach, Alanya, Turkey 20. Galapagos Islands 21. Spiaggia dei Conigli, Lampedusa, Italy 22. Sharm El Luli, Egypt 23. Nungwi Beach, Zanzibar, Tanzania 24. Punta Uva Beach, Costa Rica 25. White Beach, Malay, Philippines Best beaches in the UK 1. Bournemouth Beach, Bournemouth, Dorset 2. Luskentyre, Isle of Harris, Scotland 3. Rhossili Bay, Rhossili, Wales 4. Brighton Beach, Brighton, East Sussex 5. Weymouth Beach, Weymouth, Dorset 6. St. Brelade’s Bay Beach, St Brelade, Jersey 7. Hengistbury Head, Bournemouth, Dorset 8. Three Cliffs Bay, Swansea, Wales 9. Fistral Beach, Newquay, Cornwall 10. Barafundle Beach, Stackpole, Wales Best beaches in Europe 1. La Concha Beach, San Sebastian, Donostia, Spain 2. Elafonissi Beach, Elafonissi, Greece 3. Falesia Beach, Olhos de Agua, Portugal 4. Fig Tree Bay, Protaras, Cyprus 5. Bournemouth Beach, Bournemouth, Dorset 6. Kleopatra Beach, Alanya, Turkey 7. Spiaggia dei Conigli, Lampedusa, Sicily, Italy 8. Balos Beach and Lagoon, Kissamos, Crete, Greece 9. Playa de Ses Illetes, Formentera, Spain 10. Playa de Las Canteras, Las Palmas de Gran Canaria Source: TripAdvisor 
966270297904214016	2018-02-21 11:16:06	https://t.co/DQOTEEGATS	Anorexic schoolgirl's weight dropped to just over four stone after developing the eating disorder aged 11 https://t.co/DQOTEEGATS	 An anorexic schoolgirl has revealed how she saw her weight drop to just over four stone, after she was bullied at school for not being 'pretty enough'. Victoria Olavarrieta Garza, 16, from Aguascalientes, central Mexico, was diagnosed with an eating disorder at the age of just 11. The teenager said that she believed that if she stopped eating she would become prettier and fit in more at school. She began surviving on just 150 calories a day, as well as walking for at least three hours on a daily basis. At her lowest point, Victoria weighed just 4st 5lbs and was wearing dresses designed for six-year-olds. However, she has now managed to recover over the past two years and is now a healthy UK size eight to 10. Describing how she felt while in the grips of her eating disorder, Victoria said: 'I felt empty, alone, desperate, tired and trapped. 'I felt as though I was already dead even though I was alive. If you have anorexia you stop living, you only breathe.' Victoria explained how her eating disorder was triggered when she was bullied by a classmate. She continued: 'It started in primary school, when a girl bullied me, she told me I was not pretty enough, so I stopped eating because I thought that if I lost a couple pounds I would become pretty.' However, she managed to recover from the disorder with the help of her mother and doctors. 'The fear of being trapped in the claws of anorexia for my whole life made me decide to overcome it,' she said. 'Having been on the verge of death, made me understand what really matters in this life, and it definitely is not how much you weigh, or if you fit in, or if you are popular or not, but how happy you are and how much love you give to yourself and others. 'While I was recovering my doctors did not tell me my weight and my mum got rid of the weighing scales that I had at home, and I do not know my weight, it is not something that is important to me now.' Victoria says she now never counts calories or denies herself junk food if she is craving it. She says she is at peace with her body, and wants to share her story in order to help others. 'Eating disorders are really tricky, even though you want to be okay, your eating disorder´s voice appears and it is a constant battle inside your head, but once you learn to ignore it, the anorexia loses its power,' she said. 'No matter how much weight you lose, your eating disorder is going to tell you it is not enough, and I know that recovery may seem the scariest thing you will ever face, but it is so much more scarier to live your whole life trapped like this. 'Give yourself a chance of life, your life does not have to be perfect to be incredible. My friends and family are very proud and usually tell me they admire me.' 
966265752461377536	2018-02-21 10:58:02	https://t.co/LNh7BCNNoV	Terrifying moment a diver is ATTACKED by a moray eel after interrupting its mating ritual https://t.co/LNh7BCNNoV	 An underwater photographer got a little bit too close for comfort while diving at a coral reef in South Africa, and was attacked by a large moray eel. Bartosz Lukasik caught the moment he was chased by the furious fish in Sodwana Bay, South Africa on camera. Mr Lukasik, from Poland, had been filming the eel and its mate, when one suddenly turned on him and chased him for nearly 50ft. While moray eels do not commonly attack divers, they can lash out of they feel like their burrow is threatened. Mr Lukasik, who is an experienced diver and underwater photographer, says he is not entirely sure why this particular eel attacked. His theory is that one of the moray eels attacked him as he interrupted a mating ritual. He says: 'Throughout my years of underwater filming, I have filmed the same species of eel close-up many times and this has never happened before. 'My guess is that because there were two of them in one place I might have interrupted their mating ritual or courtship which made one of them pretty angry. 'These eels are usually completely harmless. I have filmed them from a very close distance many times, for example with cleaning shrimps cleaning the inside of their mouth, and I never had any issues whatsoever. 'Thankfully nobody was injured in this situation. I swam away very quickly, the eel chased me for about 10 to 15 metres but in the end, everyone was fine. 'I certainly didn't expect this situation nor did I want to provoke it. I take great care in not interfering with marine life when filming it and always try to keep enough distance from it so that both me and the subject feel comfortable and not threatened in their environment. 'This is the first time for me so since then I approach big eels with much more caution and try to read their behaviour far in advance. 'I guess this situation with the eel taught me a lesson that wild ocean animals can be unpredictable and even when you think you know a lot about their behaviour, it can happen that you misread certain signs resulting in a situation such as this and you should always treat these animals with even more respect in the future.'
966260984083075072	2018-02-21 10:39:05	https://t.co/Sq3TRQ7Bje	China cracks down on 'funeral strippers' as families are told not to hire erotic dancers to draw mourners https://t.co/Sq3TRQ7Bje	 Families in China have been told not to hire strip dancers to give erotic shows at their relative's funerals. The unusual trend, mostly seen in rural villages, has come into being because many families hope scantily-clad showgirls could help make the ceremony more successful - by drawing more mourners. Now the Chinese government is hoping to give a send-off to the 'obscene, pornographic, and vulgar' phenomenon after trying to stop it for over a decade. Apparently, funeral strippers are most common in four provinces in China, namely Henan, Anhui, Jiangsu and Hebei. In a document released in January, China's Ministry of Culture named and shamed the four places and vowed to crack down on stripteases spotted at funerals, weddings and temple fairs. China has had the tradition of entertaining mourners at funerals for more than 100 years, but funeral striptease only emerged in the 1990s, according to Chinese newspaper Global Times. One expert said the phenomenon could be attributed, to some degrees, to Chinese people's worship to reproduction. Huang Jianxing, professor of Fujian Normal University Sociology and History Department, told the Global Times: 'In some local cultures, dancing with erotic elements can be used to convey the deceased's wishes of being blessed with many children.' By staging a funeral striptease, a family would be able to attract more attendees to the funeral, which could give the appearance that the deceased had many offspring. Such titillating show are usually performed by grassroots dancing troupes, which make money solely by performing at funerals, weddings and temple fairs, according to a report by China's Xinhua News Agency in 2015. The price for one show is around 2,000 yuan (£225) and one troupe could perform 20 to 30 shows per month, according to the same report. The Chinese authority has tried - and failed - to put a stop to funeral strip shows since 2005. Police have in recent years started arresting those who perform or arrange funeral strip shows. Despite the governmental interventions, the trend seems to carry on thriving. Some claim that the trend spread to mainland China from Taiwan, where the custom is even more popular. American Marc L. Moskowitz anthropologist explored in his 2011 documentary, Dancing for the Dead, how Taiwan families hired strippers to perform along with the funeral procession - a phenomenon first spotted by local media in 1980. In Taiwan, which shares a similar culture with mainland China, funeral strippers usually dance on a truck which has been converted and has a stage on it. The vehicle is known as the Electric Flower Cars. Reports from Taiwan about women hiring strippers for their late husband or sons hiring strippers for their late father can often be read. 
966259812421066752	2018-02-21 10:34:26	https://t.co/iGtzaepKab	Seven women are caught with gold bars hidden in their rectums at Japanese airport https://t.co/iGtzaepKab	 A group of South Korean tourists went to painful lengths to avoid tax - by hiding blocks of gold up their rectums. Seven would-be smugglers, all women in their 50s and 60s, were caught out at customs at Chubu International Airport, Japan, last month when X-rays revealed each of them was carrying at least five metal objects in her abdomen, The Asahi Shimbun reported. Each block weighed in at some 200 grams. The women, who had flown from Incheon International Airport in South Korea, will get the gold back if they stump up a fine for smuggling and attempting to avoid paying consumption tax. Gold smuggling in Japan has rocketed since 'consumption tax' - which covers transactions in goods and services - was bumped up by three per cent in 2014, according to government officials. Between July 2016 and June 2017, nationwide tax evasion rose by 40 per cent, totalling 870 million yen (£5.794 million) in just twelve months. Customs officials reported 467 cases of attempted smuggling and tax evasion in that time, or a 60 per cent increase. But staff at Chubu Airport, in Tokoname, admitted this was an unusual case. Three-quarters of gold smuggling cases reported in Japan involve the precious metal being stowed among accessories or inside luggage handles. But it is not the first time air passengers have resorted to desperate measures to dodge the Japanese consumption levy. Six people were arrested at the same airport last month after five gold bars valued at 22.8 million yen (£151,000) were discovered in the toilet of a plane bound for Tokyo. 
966255934258499584	2018-02-21 10:19:01	https://t.co/FyYO801P2v	Woman is gang-raped with iron rods until her intestines spill out in latest horrific Indian sex attack https://t.co/FyYO801P2v	 An Indian woman is fighting for her life after she was brutally gang-raped with metal poles and left to die in a forest by an unknown number of assailants. The woman was subjected to such horrific sexual violence that her intestines 'spilled out', local news reports. She was then left to die under a bridge near a village in South Dinajpur, West Bengal state. The woman, whose age is disputed in Indian media and reported as everything from 19 to 30, said she had been returning from a village fair when she was attacked by two local men. The abhorrent sexual assault took place on Saturday evening, but she was not found until Sunday afternoon. A passers-by spotted her by the bridge and called emergency services. 'I noticed the woman lying in an unconscious state. I sprinkled water on her face and she stirred. At that time, I noticed her intestine was coming out from her private parts,' the witness said in their police complaint cited by Hindustan Times. 'The woman told me a resident of Dehaband village, and some other persons abducted her and gang-raped her in a secluded place. 'It seems after raping the girl the accused assaulted her with some weapon as a result of which her intestine came out.' The woman was rushed to hospital and is currently in a critical condition following surgery, NDTV reports. Two men, one of whom was identified by the victim as her assailant, have been arrested. 
966250900946915329	2018-02-21 09:59:01	https://t.co/dLo4fcx5IW	Fitness model left paralysed after breaking her back doing a SIT-UP https://t.co/dLo4fcx5IW	 An Instagram fitness model was left paralysed from the neck down after falling on her head while doing an inverted sit-up at the gym. Marcelle Mancuso, 23, from Brazil, broke a vertebrae after slipping off a bench while performing the common abdominal exercise. Doctors warned her she could be a tetraplegic for life and fitted her with a titanium plate held by six screws into her spine. But after months of physiotherapy Miss Mancuso, who has 4,700 followers on Instagram, gradually regained movement in one toe or finger at a time. Now, the law graduate has made a miracle recovery. She is back at the gym and even started doing inverted sit-ups again. Speaking for the first time about her ordeal, Miss Mancuso said: 'It was just another normal day of training. 'I went to perform the abdominal inverted sit up, and was upside down. 'I was attached to the equipment with a strap, which broke and the personal trainer could not hold me. 'I hit the back of my head on the floor, and immediately lost all body movements with the blow. 'My diagnosis was tetraplegia - no movement in my arms or legs. The doctors did not know if I would walk again or if I would stay on a bed forever. 'I was afraid, but my faith always spoke louder and I thanked God for being alive. My parents were desperate with fear of losing me but I was always very determined.' Extreme determination She added: 'I gave my best every day in physical therapy. I thought if my movements did not come back it would not be my fault, it would be destiny. 'I was willing to fight until the last minute. Gradually my movement came back. The doctors were surprised by my recovery. Paralysis can be temporary, despite widespread beliefs that it is permanent and those who are given the diagnosis will never walk again. The term paralysis just refers to the inability to move some, or all parts, of the body, according to the NHS. It can come and go. There are several forms of paralysis, including paraplegia (both legs), tetraplegia/quadriplegia (both arms and legs), hemiplegia (one side of the body) and monoplegia (one arm or leg). Known causes include strokes, Bell's palsy, serious head or spinal cord injuries or multiple sclerosis. Physiotherapy can help victims regain strength and muscle mass, and help some patients to regain movement. However, recovery depends on several factors, including how severe the damage to the spinal cord is. It can take up to two years for victims to regain feeling. Medication is given to relieve sufferers of any pain they may feel. 'One day when I was in the doctor's office thanking the doctor who operated on me, he said: "Do not thank me, thank the guy from the top - this is his work" - meaning God.' Miss Mancuso - who does bodybuilding, running and Muay Thai - injured her neck while doing a training session at a gym in Sao Jose do Rio Preto in January 2016. What is an inverted sit-up? An inverted sit-up involves performing an abdominal crunch on a gym bench which is raised at the end. The strap holding her legs onto the elevated end of the bench came loose and she slipped head-first onto the floor. She broke the fifth vertebrae in the neck section of her spine, knocked another one out of place, and squashed a third, compressing her spinal cord. 'I lost all the movements from the neck down when I hit my head on the floor,' she recalled. 'I could move my eyes. I had to keep calm and began to pray.' Miss Mancuso was rushed to hospital where surgeons had to graft bone to her smashed vertebrae and fitted a metal plate in her spine. They did not know if it would result in her regaining her ability to walk, but after three days she was able to wiggle her fingers and toes. In a week she could stand up with help, a month after the accident she took her first steps with a walking frame, and it took three months for her to walk tiny distances on her own. She said: 'After four months I started to improve my leg strength and five months after the accident I stopped having fainting and dizziness while walking. 'After six months I managed to walk and my legs did not sway any more.' Back at the gym Miss Mancuso is now back at the gym and said she's more active than ever. 'It sometimes feels like it was a nightmare I have woken up from,' she said. 'I have a normal life today and thank God all the time for it! 'I learned to value the simplest things in life, such as getting out of bed and being able to brush my teeth without the help. 'I want to help and inspire so many people who are going through difficult times. 'While you're alive, you have a chance. Life can be incredible from various perspectives, it just depends on us and the love we carry in our hearts.'
966246124364484608	2018-02-21 09:40:02	https://t.co/Lzt7JPyPAv	Furious wife hacks off her husband's penis and testicles and flushes them down the TOILET https://t.co/Lzt7JPyPAv	 A woman hacked off her husband's penis and testicles and flushed them down the toilet after accusing him of having an affair. Azad Singh was left in a serious condition in hospital after bleeding profusely following the attack at the family home in Joginder Nagar, northern India. Police say Sukhwant Kaur waited until her husband was asleep before beating him unconscious with a rod and then taking a knife to his genitals. The mother-of-two launched the attack believing Azad was having an affair, according to investigators. Jalandhar Assistant Commissioner of Police, Satinder Kumar, said: 'The woman first hit her husband with a rod when he was sleeping which left him unconscious. 'Thereafter, she chopped off his private parts with a knife and then disposed them in a toilet.' Mr Singh was taken to a hospital where police say he was in a serious condition. His father lodged a complaint and the matter is still being investigated. 
966239402929328128	2018-02-21 09:13:20	https://t.co/WRjUvPOPJ7	ISIS calls on fanatics to 'burn America', attack London and target Russian leaders in new propaganda https://t.co/WRjUvPOPJ7	 ISIS has urged fanatics to 'burn America', attack London and target Russian political and religious leaders in new propaganda. One chilling poster warning of attacks in London shows a militant in front of an image of Big Ben and the Houses of Parliament. A second calls on extremists to 'break the cross' and shows Russian President Vladimir Putin and Patriarch Kirill of the Russian Orthodox Church in crosshairs. The same poster encourages supporters to 'burn America', according to the respected SITE Intelligence group which monitors terror activity. In the past, ISIS has threatened attacks in Russia over the Kremlin's backing of Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad. The propaganda material, released by pro-ISIS groups, comes days after the terror group claimed responsibility for an attack on an Orthodox church in Russia. Khalil Khalilov screamed 'Allahu akbar' as he opened fire with a hunting rifle killing five women before he was shot dead by police in Kizlyar, a town in the mainly Muslim region of Dagestan. It is not the first time ISIS has used an image of Big Ben in threats to attack London. In November, the landmark was shown burning with a large crack across its side and an ISIS flag flying from the top. Running down the side of the image was a message, reading: 'We will destroy your country, as you destroyed our country'. The other showed a bloody knife over an image of Queen Elizabeth II, with the message; 'Under observation... soon'. ISIS revved up its propaganda machine ahead of the Christmas holidays, producing a series of graphic posters threatening attacks on Christmas shoppers in Europe and the United States. it coinciding with the terror group losing huge swathes of territory across its so-called caliphate in Syria and Iraq. 
966234060866629632	2018-02-21 08:52:06	https://t.co/pV0CEKuFnY	More than 250 innocent civilians are killed in two days of air strikes by Syria and Russia https://t.co/pV0CEKuFnY	 Syrian and Russian air strikes on a rebel-held enclave on the outskirts of the capital Damascus, have killed more than 100 civilians for the second day in a row. Air strikes, rockets and artillery fire have been battering Eastern Ghouta enclave in apparent preparation for a government ground assault. At least 250 civilians have been killed since the escalation began on Sunday, among them dozens of children, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said. Bombardment on Tuesday killed 106 civilians, including 19 children, the Britain-based war monitor said. Yesterday, distressing images showing the corpses of around 20 young victims wrapped in blood-stained sheets on the floor of what looks like a medical facility emerged. It was the second straight day that the civilian death toll topped 100, after 127 were killed Monday in Eastern Ghouta's bloodiest day in four years. The United Nations said bombs had hit six hospitals in the area on Monday and another was put out of service on Tuesday. 'The Arbin hospital was hit twice today and is now out of service,' said Mousa Naffa, country director in Jordan for the Syrian American Medical Society (SAMS), which supported the clinic. At least three were out of service and two were only partially functioning, said the UN's regional humanitarian coordinator for Syria, Panos Moumtzis. 'It's beyond imagination what is happening in East Ghouta today,' he said. 'The untold suffering is intolerable and residents have no idea whether they will live or die. This nightmare in East Ghouta must end and must end now.' Hours before the Arbin hospital was bombed, a doctor there spoke of the casualties they had been treating. 'February 19 was... one of the worst days that we've ever had in the history of this crisis,' Abu al-Yasar told AFP. He described treating a one-year-old with blue skin and a faint pulse, rescued from under the rubble. 'I opened his mouth to put in a breathing tube and I found it packed with dirt,' said Abu al-Yasar. He pulled out the dirt as fast as possible, put in the breathing tube and managed to save the baby. 'This is just one story from among hundreds of wounded.' The bloodshed prompted the UN children's agency UNICEF to issue a largely blank statement saying 'we no longer have the words to describe children's suffering.' Syria's main opposition group condemned the government onslaught as a 'bloodbath' and a 'war crime', saying it may pull out of UN-backed peace talks in protest. UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres was 'deeply alarmed by the escalating situation in Eastern Ghouta and its devastating impact on civilians,' said spokesman Stephane Dujarric. US State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert criticised the 'siege and starve tactics' of the Assad regime and said: 'The cessation of violence must begin now.' Eastern Ghouta is home to more than 400,000 people living under crippling government siege, with little access to food or medical resources. The area is included in a 'de-escalation deal' with the Syrian government, however, this agreement does not cover rebel groups who are also jihadists. One of these groups is a former al-Qaeda affiliate, which has a small presence in Eastern Ghoutha. Other rebel groups say the Syrian government and Russia are using the jihadist presence as a pretext to continue their bombardment ahead of a ground assault to re-take the area. Eastern Ghouta is mostly held by two hardline rebel groups that often fire rockets and mortar rounds into residential neighbourhoods of east Damascus. On Tuesday, at least nine people were killed and 49 wounded by rebel fire on the capital, state media reported. Al-Watan newspaper, which is close to the government, said the bombing campaign 'comes ahead of a vast operation on Ghouta, which may start on the ground at any moment.' The army already waged a ferocious five-day air assault on Eastern Ghouta earlier this month that left around 250 civilians dead and hundreds wounded. Elsewhere, in a major development in Syria's complex seven-year war, Damascus also sent pro-regime fighters to the northern Afrin region, where they came under fire by Turkish forces attacking the Kurdish-controlled enclave. Syria's conflict erupted in 2011 with protests against Assad, but the ensuing war has carved the country into various zones of control among rebels, jihadists, the regime, and Kurds. Turkey has been waging an air and ground offensive against the Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG) militia in the Afrin enclave for the past month but on Tuesday the stakes were ratcheted up. Hundreds of Syrian pro-government forces entered the region for the first time since 2012 to face off against Turkey alongside Kurdish forces that Ankara views as an offshoot of its own internal insurgency. But they quickly came under shelling by Turkish forces, who said they had fired 'warning shots' at the 'pro-regime terrorist groups'. In a statement, YPG spokesman Nuri Mahmud said the Kurdish forces had called on the Damascus government to help fend off Turkey's assault. 'The Syrian government responded to the invitation, answered the call of duty and sent military units today, February 20, to take up positions on the borders, and participate in defending the territorial unity of Syria and its borders,' the statement said. The YPG has controlled Afrin since government forces withdrew from Kurdish-majority northern areas in 2012. 
966228254288949248	2018-02-21 08:29:02	https://t.co/Qe7TH0nAt5	Baffled shoppers reveal the most ridiculous gendered products https://t.co/Qe7TH0nAt5	 Baffled shoppers have taken to Twitter to share products that have inexplicably been packaged as 'masculine' or 'feminine'. Revealed in a series of tweets shared on Bored Panda, items from toothpaste to milk, dog biscuits and even cotton wool have been given stereotypically gendered makeovers by retailers hoping to appeal to a particular sex. The marketing has enraged many shoppers from around the world, who questioned why the items needed to be gendered in the first place. One tweet shows a box of Kleenex emblazoned with the words 'man size', and is hilariously captioned 'Man size Kleenex for my male tears'. The pictures were shared with the viral #everydaysexism hashtag, with many Twitter users sharing their own experiences... 
966218919165026304	2018-02-21 07:51:56	https://t.co/ZXZSA7VrMM	Heavy drinking can treble the risk of getting dementia https://t.co/ZXZSA7VrMM	 Drinking too much can treble the risk of developing dementia, a major study shows. Academics for the first time have established alcohol as the single biggest way that people can raise their dementia risk. Their study of 32million patients, of whom 1.1million had dementia, found a particularly strong link between alcohol and the early-onset form of the condition. An astonishing 39 per cent of patients diagnosed with dementia before the age of 65 had signs of brain damage linked to alcohol, the scientists found. For those diagnosed at a later age the risk was smaller, with 3 per cent of cases linked to alcohol. But overall, people who drink to ‘chronic’ levels were 3.35 times more likely to develop dementia at any age compared to more moderate drinkers. The French researchers analysed hospital records, meaning patients had to have been diagnosed with an alcohol problem to have been defined as chronic drinkers. But the findings may also apply to drinkers who breach the World Health Organisation limit for chronic consumption. For men, the limit is 7.5 units a day or about three pints of beer, while for women it is five units a day or four small glasses of wine. The paper is the first major study to look at the link between alcohol and dementia, the Lancet Public Health journal reports. Genetics remains the main cause of dementia in the overwhelming majority of cases, but experts are increasingly aware that lifestyle choices can raise the risk. The study, by the Translational Health Economics Network in Paris, reveals alcohol is the biggest lifestyle risk, trumping smoking, obesity and high blood pressure. Lead researcher Dr Michael Schwarzinger called on governments to introduce tough measures to reduce the risk. He said: ‘A variety of measures are needed, such as reducing availability, increasing taxation, and banning advertising and marketing of alcohol, alongside early detection and treatment of alcohol use disorders.’ The academics said alcohol attacks the brain in a number of ways, leading to permanent structural and functional damage. It also raises the risk of head injuries, stroke and heart problems, which in turn can lead to increased dementia risk. More than 850,000 Britons are thought to have dementia, with rates expected to soar in the coming years as the population ages. Professor Robert Howard, expert in old age psychiatry at University College London, said: ‘What is most surprising is that it has taken us so long to recognise that alcohol misuse and dependence are such potent risk factors for the development of dementia. ‘Surprisingly, we’ve not traditionally considered alcohol and its misuse as an important risk factor and we were clearly wrong not to have done so. This has huge public health implications for the prevention of dementia, for which we have no current cures or significant treatments.’ Dr David Llewellyn, of the University of Exeter, praised the ‘thought-provoking’ study but stressed other factors may be at play, adding: ‘Reducing heavy drinking may not reduce dementia risk or delay its onset.’ The findings come after researchers warned last month that heavy drinking had become one of the biggest causes of severe illness among the middle-aged. Alcohol is now the sixth most common cause of disability among people in their 50s and 60s, up from 16th in 1990. Dr Tony Rao, of King’s College London, said a middle-class culture of drinking wine at home was driving the problem. He said: ‘The baby boomers grew up in a post-war world where there were much more liberal attitudes to alcohol and less attention paid to health risks. That has now transplanted itself into later life.’ Dr Doug Brown, of the Alzheimer’s Society, said last night: ‘The study doesn’t change the advice to stick to no more than 14 units a week. Anyone concerned about heavy drinking should visit their GP to discuss ways of cutting down and the support on offer.’ Dr Sara Imarisio, of Alzheimer’s Research UK, added: ‘Previous research has indicated even moderate drinking may have a negative impact on brain health and people shouldn’t be under the impression that only drinking to the point of hospitalisation carries a risk.’ 
966115770299281409	2018-02-21 01:02:03	https://t.co/WAqADaSCx2	Songbirds can duet like the Sinatras, with up to 30 melodies which they take on male and female 'parts' https://t.co/WAqADaSCx2	 To the untutored ear, the trills and tweets of songbirds may just be pretty background noise. But some, it seems, have duetting skills similar to Frank and Nancy Sinatra. Researchers who studied cranebrake wrens in Costa Rica found that a parent and child take it in turn to sing the lines of their songs, learning not to interrupt each other. The young tropical birds learn from their parents so they can impress potential mates later in life. Singing in perfect harmony may also help to deter interlopers from their territory. The study, led by researchers from University of Miami with help from St Andrews University, found that the canebrake wrens sing highly complex alternating duets, with juveniles copying the ‘phrases’ of a same-sex parent before trying it out with the opposite-sex parent. The researchers recorded interactions between adult and young canebrake wrens. Over a period of about 25 days the juvenile wrens learned to reduce their interruptions by about 20 per cent, according to the study published in the journal Royal Society Open Science. Esmerelda Quiros-Guerrero, from the British university, said: ‘We showed that juveniles learn how to coordinate and what to sing by singing with their parents. Whenever their parents also sing they follow the duet code much more strictly, versus when they’re singing on their own.’ Among British songbirds, only the males sing. 
966085587408171009	2018-02-20 23:02:07	https://t.co/PqjBhGNk0l	Teenager spends $1k a month to become a ‘sexy’ human Barbie https://t.co/PqjBhGNk0l	 A teenager has revealed how she spends £1,000-a-month on cosmetic procedures to transform herself into a real-life Barbie doll. Gabriela Jirackova, 18, from Prague, Czech Republic, relies on her parents' money to pay for the lip fillers, hair extensions, and permanent make-up that give her the living doll look - and claims all the additions make her feel 'sexier'. The teenager, who started the transformation when she was just 16, recently went under the knife for the first time to have her natural C-cup breasts augmented to a G-cup in a procedure costing £3,200 ($4,500). She said she now has more operations planned including butt implants, rib removals and even bigger breast implants to create her dream body. Gabriela is inspired by other high profile 'living dolls' and by actual Barbies, and boasts a collection of some 300 different dolls. Scroll down for video She said: 'I was inspired by other real-life Barbies and also my Barbie dolls. I had plenty of them as a kid. When I saw the real-life Barbies I thought that it was something for me. I have always wanted to stand out and thought this would suit me. 'I don't believe in a natural look. I think there is hardly anything natural today. 'I spend three and a half hours everyday getting ready. This lifestyle isn't easy at all. Maintaining my image is difficult in all its aspects, financially, physically and mentally too. 'There is a great pressure on me from the media, my fans, the haters, from everybody.' Gabriela, who is inspired by well-known 'living dolls' like Pixee Fox and Lolo Ferrari, explained her journey started with 'little adjustments' like her hair before escalating to the dramatic boob job surgery. Despite looking nothing like she did before, Gabriela insists she has never suffered from low self-esteem. Gabriela undergoes regular cosmetic procedures to keep her coveted 'plastic' look in place. These include: Hair extensions and dyeing False eyelash extensions Lip fillers False nails Eyebrow microblading Permanent make-up to colour her eyebrows and lashes Surgical procedures: £3,200 ($4,500) boob job She also has plans to undergo: Rib removal Another boob job Butt implants 'I have always been content,' she said. 'The fact that I like artificial beauty doesn't mean that I have ever had low self-esteem. 'My mum is happy to see that I am following my dream and that what I do makes me happy, but she is not keen on plastic surgeries.' Mother Romana Jirackova, 53, who helps pay for her treatments, said: 'She'd been slowly preparing us for it but we hadn't realised how serious she was. 'I am worried about her health no doubt about that, but how far she will go with it is her choice and I respect it. 'I think that she is naturally pretty and even if she has some cosmetic procedures done I would respect that. 'She'll always be pretty, it's always going to be her. What's important is that she is going to be happy and fulfill her dream.' Gabriela had her first boob job in September last year and says she is now ready to flaunt her latest assets. Gabriela said: 'I feel sexier now. I don't know if I look more like Barbie, but I feel sexier. I'm definitely happier with bigger breasts.' Through social media, Gabriela's look has caught the attention of like-minded so-called 'body tuners' such as her friend Klara Lima. Klara said: 'I find it fascinating, how such a young person can bear so much pressure as Gabriel and more importantly how quickly she is progressing.' Even though not everyone is in favour of her lavish lifestyle and raunchy outfits, Gabriela insists that she is a positive role model and has never forced her fans to replicate her Barbie image. Gabriela said: 'Many mothers condemn me for being a bad influence on their children and that I'm setting a bad example. 'I believe I'm a much better example than the majority of other celebrities, who do drugs, change their partners, or even get involved in scandals. Those kids watch all of that and their parents don't mind. 'On the contrary I have been always encouraging others to do what they want to do themselves and what they want to become. That's the message I always spread.' Gabriela now dreams of living in the US and said she is committed to the extreme Barbie-look for life. She added: 'I think I will definitely get there one day. I want to live in LA and become famous for my Barbie image. 'I still want to undergo more cosmetic procedures. I must say I am more pleased with myself after each procedure, but I am not there yet. 'When one chooses to do this, it takes several years maybe even their whole life. One can't say I want to change it after a week, so I want to stick with my chosen path. 'I will definitely continue my lifestyle as this is not a short-term thing.' 
966079577155096577	2018-02-20 22:38:14	https://t.co/djR0WJqAce	Low-carb diets are NOT better than low-fat for losing weight, Stanford study declareshttps://t.co/djR0WJqAce	 Trendy low-carb diets are no better for weight loss than those that cut out fat, new research claims. Many celebrities, including Kim Kardashian, Megan Fox and Mick Jagger, have found weight loss success by eating a low-carb, high-fat diet, dubbed the keto diet. But a new study found that people who cutting either carbs or fats shaved off about 13 pounds of excess weight in about the same proportion. Although no diet is better than another, researchers say the fundamental strategy for weight loss is consuming less sugar, less refined flour and eating more vegetables. 'We've all heard stories of a friend who went on one diet - it worked great - and then another friend tried the same diet, and it didn't work at all,' said Dr Christopher Gardner, a professor at Stanford University School of Medicine. 'It's because we're all very different, and we're just starting to understand the reasons for this diversity. Maybe we shouldn't be asking what's the best diet, but what's the best diet for whom?' For the study, researchers led by Gardner recruited 609 men and women between the ages of 18 and 50 and placed them into one of two dietary groups: low-carbohydrate or low-fat. They monitored the progress of the subjects for 12 months by measuring weight, body composition, baseline insulin levels and how many grams of fat or carbohydrate they consumed daily. Bad Carbs: Good carbs: In the initial eight weeks of the study, participants were told to limit their daily carbohydrate or fat intake to just 20 grams, which is about what can be found in a 1.5 slices of whole wheat bread or in a generous handful of nuts, respectively. After that they added back five to 15 grams of fat or carbs gradually, aiming to reach a balance they believed they could maintain for the rest of their lives. They were also urged to consume healthy low-fat and low-carb diets, as opposed to bacon, which is low in carbs, or soda, which is low in fat. 'We made sure to tell everybody, regardless of which diet they were on, to go to the farmer's market, and don't buy processed convenience food crap,' Dr Gardner said. By the end of the study, participants in the two groups had lost, on average, 13 pounds. The findings, published in JAMA today, also showed variations with participants losing up to 60 pounds in a year while others actually gained weight. Researchers also homed in on genetics to discover if biology would encourage an individual's body to favor a low-carbohydrate diet or a low-fat diet, but they found no associations between gene patterns and a propensity to succeed on either diet. 'This study closes the door on some questions - but it opens the door to others. We have gobs of data that we can use in secondary, exploratory studies,' Dr Gardner said said. He added that the best way to lose weight is to eat less sugar, consume more vegetables, and go for whole food, whether that is a wheatberry salad or grass-fed beef. 'On both sides, we heard from people who had lost the most weight that we had helped them change their relationship to food, and that now they were more thoughtful about how they ate,' said Gardner.
966075330053267456	2018-02-20 22:21:22	https://t.co/FHHLNEQ0nT	Nocturnal animals follow the stars and Milky Way to find their way at night, new research reveals https://t.co/FHHLNEQ0nT	 Nocturnal animals rely on the Milky Way to navigate, research has found. A new report from Sweden's Lund University concludes that many animals that are active at night depend on individual stars or light from our galaxy to be mobile after the sun goes down. Specifically, migrating birds, dung beetles, moths, frogs and seals, among others, rely on light from outer space. One researcher who worked on the new report also believes a slew of other animals that have not yet been studied depend on the stars. The new report details the advantages that nocturnal animals have because of the hours of the day that they spend awake. The analysis said: 'Fewer parasites are active and the same goes for predators. What is more, there are not as many competitors for food as there are during the day. 'For animals that migrate or search for food over vast distances in particular, the cooler hours of the night are preferable to the heat of the sun.' One of the most crucial capabilities of nocturnal animals is that of being able to maintain a strong sense of direction. 'Migrating birds that take off at sunset rely on their magnetic compass but also the star compass when they use individual stars for orientation,' the report said. But not all nocturnal animals use individual stars for guidance, dung beetles among them. 'Instead they travel through the night with the help of the light from the Milky Way, which contrasts to the surrounding dark sky,' the report explained. An animal's ability to pick out individual stars comes down to the kind of eyes - either 'camera eyes' or 'compound eyes' - it has. Researcher James Foster explained: 'Animals with camera eyes, the type of eyes that we humans possess, can discern individual stars. Nocturnal animals rest during the day and are active at night. This means they hunt, mate and perform other necessary survival activities without the help of the sun. Many nocturnal animals have built-in bodily functions that help them survive during nighttime hours when it might be difficult to see. For example, some nocturnal animals' eyes are larger, which gives them the ability to function satisfactorily even in the dark. Additionally, some nocturnal animals have extremely sensitive ears that can help them defend themselves in dark environments. Lastly, some have heightened senses of smell, touch and taste to help them perform better during the nighttime. Insects with compound eyes most likely cannot, but we believe that they can interpret the starry sky and the Milky Way as patterns of light.' Foster also explained that scientists still do not know much about nocturnal animals' abilities. Specifically, they do not know what happens when nocturnal migrating birds are changing location. Foster said: 'We still know very little about how nocturnal animals experience and interpret the night sky. 'For example, no one has yet determined whether, and how, migrating birds change their point of reference in the night sky when they pass the equator.' But Foster expects that this will soon change. 'I think emerging technologies, such as highly-sensitive cameras, will allow us to discover many more species that also use the starry skies to guide them during the darkest hours of the night,' he said.
966072733435138048	2018-02-20 22:11:03	https://t.co/168972cXvM	NASA shares stunning new image of the site where its spacecraft plunged into Saturn's atmosphere https://t.co/168972cXvM	 A dramatic image of Saturn shared today by NASA has revealed the site where Cassini plunged into the ringed planet’s atmosphere, as seen from the eyes of the doomed spacecraft itself. The remarkable photo is a mosaic of some of Cassini’s last images, captured just hours before it entered the harsh atmosphere where it soon burned to pieces. According to NASA, the mosaic shows Saturn in near-natural color, thanks to red, green, and blue spectral filters on the spacecraft’s wide-angle camera. Scroll down for video Cassini spent 13 years studying Saturn and its many moons – and, it snapped thousands upon thousands of images along the way. The latest photo shared by NASA is a haunting look at the ringed planet in Cassini’s final hours on Sept 14, 2017. On Sept 15, Cassini’s historic mission came to a dramatic end. A small white oval circling a region on the side of the planet shows just where the spacecraft would enter Saturn’s atmosphere for its planned death dive. ‘While this area was on the night side of the planet at the time, it would rotate into daylight by the time Cassini made its final dive into Saturn’s upper atmosphere, ending its remarkable 13-year exploration of Saturn,’ NASA explains. Two days before its fiery demise in Saturn’s atmosphere, Cassini captured one last mosaic of its subject, using its wide-angle camera to snap a total of 80 images in just two hours. NASA released the stunning ‘Farewell to Saturn' in November, more than two months after the mission ended, stitching together 42 of these observations for one final look at the remarkable planet – and, if you look closely, six moons can be seen lurking in the darkness beyond the rings. The Cassini data will be the subject of study for years to come, as scientists pore through more than a decade of observations. ‘Cassini’s scientific bounty has been truly spectacular – a vast array of new results leading to new insights and surprises, from the tiniest of ring particles to the opening of new landscapes on Titan and Enceladus, to the deep interior of Saturn itself,’ said Robert West, Cassini’s deputy imaging team leader at NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory. While numerous tributes to the spacecraft emerged in the weeks after its death dive, the Cassini team said the last mosaic is a ‘fitting farewell.’ Over the span of roughly two hours on September 13, Cassini captured a ‘lingering look’ at Saturn in red, green, and blue images. Cassini launched from Cape Canaveral, Florida in 1997, then spent seven years in transit followed by 13 years orbiting Saturn. In 2000 it spent six months studying Jupiter before reaching Saturn in 2004. In that time, it discovered six more moons around Saturn, three-dimensional structures towering above Saturn's rings, and a giant storm that raged across the planet for nearly a year. On 13 December 2004 it made its first flyby of Saturn's moons Titan and Dione. On 24 December it released the European Space Agency-built Huygens probe on Saturn's moon Titan to study its atmosphere and surface composition. There it discovered eerie hydrocarbon lakes made from ethane and methane. In 2008, Cassini completed its primary mission to explore the Saturn system and began its mission extension (the Cassini Equinox Mission). In 2010 it began its second mission (Cassini Solstice Mission) which lasted until it exploded in Saturn's atmosphere. In December 2011, Cassini obtained the highest resolution images of Saturn's moon Enceladus. In December of the following year it tracked the transit of Venus to test the feasibility of observing planets outside our solar system. In March 2013 Cassini made the last flyby of Saturn's moon Rhea and measured its internal structure and gravitational pull. In July of that year Cassini captured a black-lit Saturn to examine the rings in fine detail and also captured an image of Earth. In April of this year it completed its closest flyby of Titan and started its Grande Finale orbit which finished on September 15. 'The mission has changed the way we think of where life may have developed beyond our Earth,' said Andrew Coates, head of the Planetary Science Group at Mullard Space Science Laboratory at University College London. 'As well as Mars, outer planet moons like Enceladus, Europa and even Titan are now top contenders for life elsewhere,' he added. 'We've completely rewritten the textbooks about Saturn.' The imaging scientists then stitched 42 frames together to create the natural color view. In the breathtaking last look at Saturn, the planet appears bathed in a crescent of sunlight, seen as Cassini viewed it from roughly 698,000 miles (1.1 million kilometers) away. Each individual ring can be seen in stunning clarity, and an annotated version of the image reveals there are six moons, barely visible, hiding in the picture as well. According to NASA, Cassini’s ‘farewell’ mosaic includes a look at Enceladus, Epimetheus, Janus, Mimas, Pandora, and Prometheus. After 20 years in space, including a seven-year mission extension, Cassini’s dramatic finale was no surprise. The team carefully planned every aspect of its termination, to expend every last bit of its propellant and crash the spacecraft into Saturn itself – where it would burn up in the atmosphere, and ensure it didn’t accidentally contaminate the ‘pristine’ moons Enceladus and Titan, which have shown potential to support microbial life. But, for the scientists who have been a part of the entire journey, saying goodbye wasn’t easy. ‘It was all too easy to get used to receiving new images from the Saturn system on a daily basis, seeing new sights, watching things change,’ said Elizabeth Turtle, an imaging team associate at the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory, Laurel, Maryland. ‘It was hard to say goodbye, but how lucky we were to be able to see it all through Cassini’s eyes.’ Cassini’s observations have revealed unprecedented insight on the Saturn system, uncovering details on the features that have sparked intrigue since Voyager 1 made its closest approach to the planet in 1980 and captured an image that remains remarkable to this day. And, after 13 years at Saturn and countless discoveries, Cassini’s legacy is set to leave an impact. ‘For 37 years, Voyager 1’s last view of Saturn has been, for me, one of the most evocative images ever taken in the exploration of the solar system,’ said Carolyn Porco, former Voyager imaging team member and Cassini’s imaging team leader at the Space Science Institute in Boulder, Colorado. ‘In a similar vein, this “Farewell to Saturn” will forevermore serve as a reminder of the dramatic conclusion to the wondrous time humankind spent in intimate study of our sun’s most iconic planetary system.’
966070634542452736	2018-02-20 22:02:42	https://t.co/jpqQmZ6DrU	McDonald’s Shamrock Shakes: Everything you need to know https://t.co/jpqQmZ6DrU	 McDonald’s Shamrock Shakes, a perennial favorite in the weeks prior to St. Patrick’s Day, are set to once again hit restaurants in the United States, Canada and Ireland. Since their introduction, Shamrock Shakes have become one of the most popular seasonal treats the Golden Arches have to offer. But just what exactly is a Shamrock Shake? When do they come out? Here’s everything you need to know about Shamrock Shakes, including how much they cost, what they taste like, their calorie count and their recipe. Shamrock Shakes are seasonal mint-flavored milkshakes sold at McDonald’s during February and March in celebration of St. Patrick’s Day. The Shamrock Shake was invented in Chicago in 1970. The shake was originally lemon and lime-flavored before simply becoming a green-colored milkshake by 1973. Since then, it has become mint-flavored. They’re available in all McDonald’s restaurants in the United States and Ireland as well as select Canadian establishments. McDonald’s Shamrock Shakes will return to select restaurants on Wednesday, February 21. Shamrock Shakes cost $2.19 (£1.57) for a small size, $2.59 (£1.85) for medium size and $2.99 (£2.14) for large size. Shamrock Shakes are often described as tasting like a mixture of mint with hints of vanilla and lime. In 2017, McDonald’s introduced a number of variants to the Shamrock Shake, including Shamrock Mocha, Shamrock Hot Chocolate, Shamrock Chocolate Chip Frappe and the Shamrock Chocolate Shake. The number of calories in a Shamrock Shake varies by size. Small shakes have 460 calories, 120 of which are from fat. Medium shakes have 560 calories, of which 140 are fat. Large shakes, meanwhile, have 800 calories of which 200 are from fat. Make your friends green with envy by making your own Shamrock Shakes at home with a simple recipe. The ingredients for a Shamrock Shake consist of two cups of vanilla ice cream, two tablespoons of chocolate syrup, one and one-quarter cups of milk, two tablespoons of whipped cream, one-quarter teaspoon of mint extract, one-half teaspoon of green decorator sugar and nine drops of green food coloring. The ice cream, mint extract, milk and food coloring should be blended together until fully smooth before drizzling chocolate syrup along the walls of two tall glasses before pouring the shakes in. Top everything off with whipped cream and green decorator sugar.
966060169561034752	2018-02-20 21:21:07	https://t.co/os0ZgXtrVN	Weak iPhone X demand may have forced suppliers to slash production of its pricey OLED screens in HALF, report claims https://t.co/os0ZgXtrVN	 Apple may not be selling many iPhone X's after all. Samsung has slashed its organic LED panel production targets by more than half in the January to March quarter, the Nikkei Asian Review reported. The Korean tech giant, who supplies the OLED panels for Apple, now expects to produce 20 million or fewer iPhone X units versus its initial target of building panels for 45 million to 50 million iPhones. That's after Apple reportedly told suppliers in January that it had cut its iPhone production targets by 50% to 20 million. Samsung is Apple's sole supplier of OLED screens and manufactured them for the 10th anniversary iPhone X. The iPhone X's high-resolution OLED display, as well as its advanced cameras and sensors, are the three components that primarily drive up the cost of the £999 ($999) handset. Samsung has yet to decide if it will curb its production target for the April to June quarter, but it's possible that a 'further cutback' is in store, Nikkei noted. In the meantime, Samsung has scrambled to find new buyers of its leftover OLED panels. The company had expected other smartphone makers in and outside of China to be making devices that require OLED display, Nikkei noted, but it appears that many are still using cheaper LED screens instead. Additionally, Samsung faces heightened competition as other Chinese suppliers have developed cheaper OLED displays. Profits in Samsung's display unit, which manufactures the OLED screens, are expected to take a hit as a result of the production cut. The report is likely to confirm experts' fears that Apple is seeing weak demand for the iPhone X among consumers. Experts say the high price of the iPhone X – Apple's most expensive handset yet – and its 'lack of interesting innovations' could deter many buyers. According to Sinolink Securities analyst Zhang Bin, shipments could be as low as 35 million in the first quarter of this year – roughly 10 million less than previously estimated. Some analysts have also flagged disappointing demand. US-based JL Warren Capital is predicting shipments of just 25 million units. Chinese broker Sinolink Securities said it expects the model's price would dampen consumer enthusiasm for the product, adding that slow production rates could also hinder sales. During a trip to China in December of 2017, Apple CEO Tim Cook said he 'couldn't be happier' with the demand for the iPhone X in the country. Those concerns first started to bubble up last December, when analysts said Apple could cut iPhone X production in 2018 to 30 million down from its prior forecast 50 million units. Several experts cited the device's wallet-busting price tag and a 'lack of interesting innovations,' as catalysts behind the sluggish demand. That's in stark contrast to last year, when some believed Apple would experience an iPhone X 'super cycle,' triggered by a backlog of iPhone owners looking to upgrade to newer models. 
966057157929127936	2018-02-20 21:09:09	https://t.co/ziWeAnuoMe	Snapchat is launching a slew of new features after feedback over its redesign, including GIF stickers and 'Tabs' https://t.co/ziWeAnuoMe	 Snapchat is trying to make it easier for users to watch the Stories they care about most. The firm is adding a 'Tabs' feature to the app that will separate Snaps into Group Chats and active Stories. Tabs are also being added to Snapchat's Discover page, where it will separate content into sections from publishers, creators and the community. In addition to the new Tabs feature, Snapchat has added GIFs to the app that will let users include animated stickers on their photos and videos. Scroll down for video 'Tabs will make it easier for Snapchatters to keep up with the Stories they want, when they want them,' a Snapchat spokesperson said in a statement. Snapchat said the Tabs feature will arrive on iOS and Android devices 'in the coming weeks.' The move comes after Snapchat completely overhauled the app's design last November, by separating the app between 'social' and 'media' in an effort to make the app more personalized and easy to use. Roughly one million users have signed a petition urging Snapchat executives to revert the app to its old design, while celebrities including Kylie Jenner and Chrissy Teigen have also questioned the new Snapchat layout. Snapchat chief Evan Spiegel defended the redesign at Goldman Sachs' Internet and Technology Conference last week, saying that 'it will take time for people to adjust.' Late last week, rumors began to circulate that Snapchat was testing a Tabs feature. A Twitter user noticed that Snapchat was rolling out a new update that added sections to the friends page, as well as a new GIF feature. Snapchat confirmed on Tuesday that the GIF feature would be coming to the app, beginning at 9 AM ET. The GIFs are powered by Giphy, an online database and search engine that lets users discover new animated GIFs.Snapchat's GIF tool gives users access to 'GIPHY's endless library of animated GIFs added to the sticker drawer for you to use in your Snaps,' the company noted. To add GIFs to your Snap, start by taking a photo or video in the app. Snapchat has introduced several major new features in the last six months to increase its popularity, including: Then, tap the Sticker icon in the right-hand toolbar on your screen and search for what you want to add to your Snap. Users can add multiple GIFs to their Snap and add the animated stickers to videos by pressing and holding on the sticker to pin it to something in their Snap. Snapchat followed in Instagram's footsteps by adding a GIF feature. In January, Instagram added a GIF tool that was also powered by GIPHY. The two social media platforms have been piggybacking off of each others apps for a while now, ever since Instagram copycatted Snapchat's ephemeral Stories feature in 2016. Instagram later added filters that were similar to Snapchat's interactive lenses, while Snapchat introduced looping Snaps that took a page from Instagram's Boomerang tool, to name a few examples. In recent months, Snapchat has doubled down on its efforts to compete with Instagram - not only through the redesign, but with unique features like snippets of live TV broadcasts.
966052389710163968	2018-02-20 20:50:12	https://t.co/2hJchEeWVK	Has Kim's sister got an Un in the oven? North Korean leader's sibling is rumoured to be pregnant https://t.co/2hJchEeWVK	 The sister of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un revealed she is pregnant during her recent visit to South Korea for the Winter Olympics. Kim Yo-Jong was the first the first member of the North's ruling dynasty to set foot in the South since the end of the Korean War in 1953. According to local media reports, the 30-year-old told South Korean officials he was pregnant with her second child during her visit, which lasted from February 9-11, the Korea Herald reported. Scroll down for video: Kim, who came as her brother’s special envoy, appeared to be experiencing discomfort during the visit, prompting speculation that she may be pregnant. An unnamed government official was also quoted as saying Kim Jong-un sending his pregnant sister to the South shows the urgency with which Pyongyang is seeking relief from international sanctions. Every detail of her visit as the key member of a diplomatic delegation to the South's Winter Olympics was scrutinised, from the clothes she wore and her facial expression to the bag she was carrying and even her handwriting. Ms Kim is the the regime’s propaganda chief and an increasingly influential figure in North Korea. She was accompanied by Kim Yong-nam, North Korea’s ceremonial head of state, and had lunch with South Korean president Moon Jae-in. She shook hands several times with the President Moon several times over the course of her visit and cheered a unified ice hockey team with him. Ms Kim also delivered a personal invitation from her brother to attend a summit in North Korea. She also attended the opening ceremony of the games, sitting just a few feet away from US Vice-President Mike Pence. Kim Jong Un's increasingly influential sister has become one of his closest confidantes in a country where power has always been a family affair. Kim Yo Jong made history Friday as the first member of the North's ruling dynasty to set foot in the South since the end of the 1950-53 Korean War. Believed to be aged 30, Yo Jong is one of three children born to Kim Jong Il and his third known partner, former dancer Ko Yong Hui, making her a full sister of Kim Jong-Un. Like her brother, she received her primary educated in Berne, Switzerland in the 90s, and later returned to North Korea to study computer science in Pyongyang. The siblings' time together in Europe, during which they attended school under fake identities and were kept in semi-isolation under the protection of guards and party officials, has made them particularly close. Her existence was barely known to the wider world until their father's funeral, when she was seen standing right behind her brother on state television, looking tearful and ashen-faced. But she was rapidly ushered up the ladder after Kim Jong-Un took the helm and she is now one of the most powerful women in the isolated regime. 'She is one of a very few people who can talk freely about anything with the leader Kim,' said Yang Moo-jin, a professor at the University of North Korea Studies in Seoul. 'She must have far bigger capacity than any other North Korean official when it comes to decision-making and policy coordination with the leader,' he said, adding she is fluent in English and French. Yo Jong is currently an alternate member of the political bureau of the party's powerful central committee, and deeply involved in the party's propaganda operations - an important role. She was elected as a member of the Supreme People's Assembly - the country's rubberstamp parliament - at the age of just 27. In December 2014, Yo Jong reportedly married a man named Choe Song, son of Workers' Party's party secretary Choe Ryong Hae. The couple is said to have one child, born in 2015. 
966047323909509120	2018-02-20 20:30:04	https://t.co/kJhx4HdZSN	Russian Olympic team to investigate circumstances leading to Alexander Krushelnitsky's failed doping test https://t.co/kJhx4HdZSN	 The circumstances of Winter Olympics medal-winning Russia curler Alexander Krushelnitsky's positive test for meldonium are being investigated, the Olympic Athletes from Russia team has announced. On Monday the Court of Arbitration for Sport's anti-doping division launched proceedings against Krushelnitsky, who won mixed doubles bronze with his wife Anastasia Bryzgalov, with the 25-year-old's B sample also positive. The OAR delegation issued a statement on Tuesday which stated 'the circumstances of the case, do not provide any answers to the questions as to how and when meldonium could have gotten into the athlete's body'. Meldonium is commonly used to treat heart issues and diabetes. It is manufactured in Latvia and widely used in eastern Europe, but it not approved for use in the United States. It was developed to treat patients with heart conditions such as angina, chronic heart failure, cardiomyopathy and other cardiovascular disorders. Maria Sharapova received a 15-month ban after traces of the drug were found in a doping test in 2016. After a period of consulation, meldonium it was added to the World Anti-Doping Agency's banned list in January 2016. The drug can help to adjust the body’s use of energy and boost endurance. It was used to improve the stamina of Soviet troops fighting at high altitudes in Afghanistan in the 1980s. Krushelnitsky has also responded by saying he has never taken a banned substance with reports claiming he told authorities that he was spiked by a rival shortly before heading to South Korea. 'I am ready to openly state that I have never, never during the time that I practice sports, used forbidden drugs and any other dishonest ways of competing,' he said in a statement published on curling.ru. 'I am absolutely against doping and I have always tried to follow all anti-doping rules as closely as possible. My positive test for meldonium in this regard was, for me and for Nastia, not just a shock. This is a huge blow both to our reputation and career. ' Krushelnitsky added: 'I, more than anyone else, am interested in conducting an investigation as soon as possible to find out the reasons for what has happened.' The OAR said Krushelnitsky provided a clear drug sample on January 22 and that for meldonium, which increases blood flow, to be performance-enhancing it must be used regularly and over a prolonged period. Their statement added: 'According to the unbiased results of laboratory analysis of Alexander Krushelnitsky's samples detected concentration of the substance can be indicative of taking it once, which is not applied in medical practice and is absolutely useless and ineffective in the context of enhancing physical performance or sports results. 'No evidence of the systematic usage of meldonium is available in this particular case. 'Therefore, the ROC has initiated a comprehensive investigation of the circumstances which also includes the criminal investigation under the RF (Russian Federation) criminal law to establish the facts of the case in detail.' Meldonium was found to be used by more than 100 Russian athletes in 2016. Ex-world tennis No 1 Maria Sharapova served a 15-month ban for using the substance after it was added to the World Anti-Doping Agency's prohibited list. The positive test will ignite further debate about the involvement of Russian athletes at the Games. The ROC is under suspension by the International Olympic Committee following the systemic doping at the Sochi 2014 Olympics. In December the IOC determined that Russian athletes who proved they were clean would be allowed to compete as neutrals in the Games, in a team named the Olympic Athletes of Russia. The OAR are competing under the Olympic flag and the Olympic anthem is being played at any medal ceremonies they feature in. There are 168 athletes competing in the OAR team, who have so far won 11 medals, three silvers and eight bronzes - one of them won by Krushelnitsky and Bryzgalova in the first Olympic mixed doubles curling tournament. The OAR statement expressed 'sincere regret over the fact of the incident'. It added: 'We fully share and support the WADA (World Anti-Doping Agency) and the IOC's zero tolerance attitude to doping and take all the required measures so that the offenders bear the utmost responsibility for that. 'That's why we are committed to carry out the aforementioned investigation and to find the actual reasons of this doping case.' Earlier on Tuesday CAS' ADD announced a third anti-doping procedure of the Games. Slovenian ice hockey player Ziga Jeglic was found to have taken fenoterol, which opens up the airways to the lungs, in an in-competition test, CAS' ADD said, and has been thrown out of the Games. Japanese short track speedskater Kei Saito was the first anti-doping procedure announced at the Games.
966042323506298882	2018-02-20 20:10:12	https://t.co/ii4tdFeTKF	Skinny cocktails do not protect you from weight gain: Experts warn guilt-free drinks drive you to overeat https://t.co/ii4tdFeTKF	 Low-calorie cocktails may be no better for you than a piña colada. Since Bethenny Frankel launched Skinnygirl Cocktails in 2009, there has been a booming trend of supposedly guilt-free drinks promising all the fun of alcohol with the weight gain. It was so successful that Frankel sold off the business for an eye-watering $100 million in 2011, leading to her appointment on the TV show Shark Tank. However, nutritionists warn readers to do their research before assuming that slim-line liquor is compatible with staying slender or trying to get fit for summer. All alcohol - 'skinny' or not - slows down digestion and triggers the appetite, causing people to overeat, studies show. Ultimately 'booze is booze', dietitians told Daily Mail Online, and despite the low calorie count these 'diet' cocktails have the same impact on the waistline as your standard gin and tonic as we lead up to the summer slim-down. While a drink with fewer calories is better alternative to a high caloric drink diluted with milk, ice cream and mixers, alcohol still has the same effect. 'If you're going to drink you have to know that booze is booze,' Adrienne Daly, personal development based nutrition coach, told Daily Mail Online. A 2015 study found published in the journal Obesity found alcohol makes people's brain more sensitive to food aromas, making them crave food and devour more than they'd consume while sober. Thus, increasing the risk of weight gain. Another study published in the 2017 issue of Nature Communications found alcohol boosts the activity of Agrp neurons, which trigger feelings of intense hunger when stimulated. In other words, a cocktail, regardless of how many calories it has, can trick the brain into thinking it’s hungry, causing it to eat more. 'Low calorie drinks can provide a fraction of the calories of a high-calorie beverage, but they can still stimulate your appetite and light up areas of your brain that make you crave fat and treats like burgers, fries and dessert,' registered dietitian Julie Upton told Daily Mail Online. A year after the Skinnygirl brand expanded to include wine and vodkas in 2012, there was a 44 percent increase in restaurants using the phrase ‘skinny’ on their drink menus. Magarita: Mojito: Sangria: Other liquor brands have gave in to the trend. Smirnoff has launched Sorbet Light flavored vodkas with 78 calories per serving, compared to regular vodka’s 100 calories. Daly said many drinks marketed as skinny are often highly processed, and make up for these lower calories by adding sweeteners and chemicals. 'People are drinking processed drinks in the name of no sugar, she said. 'These chemicals cause you to desire more and more flavor.' The Skinnygirl margaritas are sweetened with agave nectar, a sweetener high in fructose - which a 2013 study published in the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) has linked to overeating. Daly isn't exactly sure which chemicals are in these drinks marketed as 'skinny', since listing ingredients or major food allergens on alcohol beverages are optional under the Federal Alcohol Administration Act. However, it was revealed in 2011 that Frankel's Skinnygirl Margarita contained low levels of the preservative sodium benzoate, which studies have shown can become toxic when used in products than contain vitamin C, like lemon or lime. This mixture creates benzene, a chemical that has been linked to leukemia and other cancers, according to the Center for Science in the Public Interest. Daly also said drinking these sort of cocktails will make people feel 'cheated' and 'craving more.' 'To drink light anything gives you permission to do more,' she added. Regardless of the amount of calories it contains, alcohol is metabolized more quickly in the liver because it's a toxin, Upton added. This slows down the fat burning process. A 1992 study published in the New England Journal of Medicine found alcohol temporarily inhibits lipid oxidation, or makes it more difficult for the body to burn fat that’s already there. Alcohol isn't digested like other foods when consumed. In fact, it forgoes the normal digestive process and goes directly into the bloodstream. On average, about 20 percent of alcohol enters the bloodstream through the stomach and 80 percent is absorbed into the bloodstream through the small intestine, according to Dr Tania Elliot, chief medical officer at EHE International. Then it goes to the liver where enzymes break it down. Alcohol, which is more quickly stored as fat than even excess calories from sugar (carbohydrate) or from protein, contributes to weight gain 'because of the liver's job in processing it; since the liver considers alcohol a toxin, it will go to work on it first, before fat, protein, or carbohydrate,' wrote registered dietitian Susan Burke March. Furthermore, a 2010 study published in the BMJ revealed drinking alcohol can slow digestion. This process, which occurs regardless of how many calories are in an alcoholic drink, slows down the burning of fat, which leads to weight gain. 'Your body can't store calories for alcohol the way that food calories are, so the alcohol metabolism gets prioritized over food, making the food more likely to tuck away into calories for fat storage,' Dr Elliot told Daily Mail Online. Daly said there are too many variables, such as digestion issues, stress, and anxiety, to determine how alcohol is going to be processed. However, experts say lower calorie drinks do have some benefits when consumed in moderation because contain fewer empty calories. ‘The benefits of a lower calorie alcoholic beverage is that it can help you save some calories,’ Upton said. ‘Many mixed drinks can have 400 or more calories per drink, so it’s not uncommon for people to drink more than 1,000 calories worth of alcoholic beverages without even realizing it.’ Daly adds said people should drink in moderation and obsess too much about how many calories a drink have. 'I go for a glass of champagne, it's cleaner and has low sugar. It's such a simple process and there's no chemicals in it,' Daly told Daily Mail Online. 'Enjoy it for what it is, regardless of how many calories it has, but then get right back on track,' she added. 'There's an advantage to incorporating Skinnygirl drinks occasionally - not from the positive health effects, but for enjoyment of having a drink,' Daly said. Dr Elliot added that when drinking people should take small sips and 'switch off with carbonated beverages like seltzer - it helps you feel more full.' 
966037259207274497	2018-02-20 19:50:05	https://t.co/fwMn9iPwBS	Global sea levels could rise by 1.2 metres by 2300 even if we meet Paris climate goals, warn scientists https://t.co/fwMn9iPwBS	 Global sea levels could rise as much as 1.2 metres (4 feet) by 2300 even if we meet the 2015 Paris climate goals, scientists have warned. The long-term change will be driven by a thaw of ice from Greenland to Antarctica that is set to re-draw global coastlines. Sea level rise threatens cities from Shanghai to London, to low-lying swathes of Florida or Bangladesh, and to entire nations such as the Maldives. It is vital that we curb emissions as soon as possible to avoid an even greater rise, a German-led team of researchers said in a new report. By 2300, the report projected that sea levels would gain by 0.7-1.2 metres, even if almost 200 nations fully meet goals under the 2015 Paris Agreement. Targets set by the accords include cutting greenhouse gas emissions to net zero in the second half of this century. Ocean levels will rise inexorably because heat-trapping industrial gases already emitted will linger in the atmosphere, melting more ice, it said. In addition, water naturally expands as it warms above four degrees Celsius (39.2°F). The report also found that every five years of delay beyond 2020 in peaking global emissions would mean an extra 20 centimetres (8 inches) of sea level rise by 2300. 'Sea level is often communicated as a really slow process that you can't do much about ... but the next 30 years really matter,' lead author Dr Matthias Mengel, of the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research, in Potsdam, Germany, told Reuters. None of the nearly 200 governments to sign the Paris Accords are on track to meet its pledges. Global emissions of carbon dioxide, the main greenhouse gas given off by burning fossil fuels, rose last year after a three-year plateau. The Paris Agreement on Climate Change has four main goals with regards to reducing emissions: 1) A long-term goal of keeping the increase in global average temperature to well below 2°C above pre-industrial levels 2) To aim to limit the increase to 1.5°C, since this would significantly reduce risks and the impacts of climate change 3) Goverments agreed on the need for global emissions to peak as soon as possible, recognising that this will take longer for developing countries 4) To undertake rapid reductions thereafter in accordance with the best available science Source: European Commission And President Donald Trump, who doubts that human activities are the prime cause of global warming, plans to quit the Paris deal and instead promote US coal, oil and natural gas. Maldives Environment Minister Thoriq Ibrahim, who chairs the 44-member Alliance of Small Island States, said Tuesday's findings showed a need for faster action to cut emissions, especially by rich nations. 'Unfortunately, the study confirms what small island nations have been saying for years: decades of procrastination on climate change have brought many of us to the brink of inundation,' he told Reuters. Professor John Church, of the Climate Change Research Centre at the University of New South Wales, who was not involved in the study, said 100 million people now live within one metre of the high tide mark. 'With the order of 100 million people living within 1 m of current high tide level, the world is vulnerable to rising sea levels,' he said in a statement. 'More people are moving to live within the coastal zone, increasing the vulnerable population and infrastructure. 'Adaptation to sea level rise will be essential.'
966032262394515457	2018-02-20 19:30:14	https://t.co/v5fPVkkyHY	Humans are evolving an 'ultimate hangover' gene that may stop us from becoming addicted to alcohol https://t.co/v5fPVkkyHY	 Humans may be evolving an 'ultimate hangover' gene to protect against alcoholism. That's according to a new study that looked at a variant of a gene that makes booze intolerable to the body. Scientists claim this gene variant is being favoured by evolution - and, in time, could stop us from drinking alcohol in the future. The study, published in the journal Nature Ecology & Evolution, was authored by two researchers at the University of Pennsylvania. They worked with colleagues to analyse data from a database of 2,500 living people from the 1000 Genomes Project, a project which ran between 2008 and 2015 creating the largest public catalogue of human variation and genotype data. In order to focus on gene variants that are on their way to becoming established in humans, the researchers looked for variants that have emerged across many different populations, according to New Scientist. Identifying shared genetic events across populations could identify genes and human traits important in recent history across the globe, the researchers write in their study. One screening tool used widely by medical professionals is the AUDIT (Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Tests). Developed in collaboration with the World Health Organisation, the 10-question test is considered to be the gold standard in helping to determine if someone has alcohol abuse problems. The test has been reproduced here with permission from the WHO. To complete it, answer each question and note down the corresponding score. YOUR SCORE: 0-7: You are within the sensible drinking range and have a low risk of alcohol-related problems. Over 8: Indicate harmful or hazardous drinking. 8-15: Medium level of risk. Drinking at your current level puts you at risk of developing problems with your health and life in general, such as work and relationships. Consider cutting down (see below for tips). 16-19: Higher risk of complications from alcohol. Cutting back on your own may be difficult at this level, as you may be dependent, so you may need professional help from your GP and/or a counsellor. 20 and over: Possible dependence. Your drinking is already causing you problems, and you could very well be dependent. You should definitely consider stopping gradually or at least reduce your drinking. You should seek professional help to ascertain the level of your dependence and the safest way to withdraw from alcohol. Severe dependence may need medically assisted withdrawal, or detox, in a hospital or a specialist clinic. This is due to the likelihood of severe alcohol withdrawal symptoms in the first 48 hours needing specialist treatment. The researchers looked at gene variants that are emerging in different populations, for example in both westernmost Europe and easternmost Asia. The researchers chose these variants because they must have either spread rapidly across different geographic locations, or come about independently and remained over time. The researchers discovered five hotspots of recent genetic change, one of them associated with the ADH gene, which breaks down alcohol. The ADH gene produces an enzyme called alcohol dehydrogenase, which breaks down alcohol into acetaldehyde, a toxic compound that is converted into acetate, a harmless substance, by another enzyme. New variants of the ADH gene have arisen independently in both Asia and Africa in the last few 10,000 years. All of the variants seem to protect against alcohol addiction, although it is not certain how they do this. They may break down alcohol so quickly that the toxic acetaldehyde accumulated faster than the body can break it down, leading the person the feel sick after drinking small amounts of alcohol and making it unlikely that they would be able to drink enough to develop alcoholism. According to Benjamin Voight, a co-author of the study, these gene variants may arise in societies where alcohol consumption is prevalent, where people who drank heavily would die, whereas those who didn't drink much alcohol survived and passed on their genes to their children. However, if this is the case, it is not clear why these variants are not equally prevalent in Europe and the Americas. 'It may be that we just didn't detect it,' says Voight. The other four genetic variant hotspots are associated with other biological mechanisms such as malarial resistance (detected in Africa and Asia), suggesting that some populations may be developing resistance to the potentially fatal disease. In Europe, a gene that prevents the breakdown of an amino acid linked to heart problems has been found to be on the rise, as well as a gene involved in the correct positioning of the urethra on the penis. Two sections of DNA from Neanderthals also seems to be prevalent, one of which is involved in testicular function. The 1000 Genomes Project ran between 2008 and 2015, creating the largest public catalogue of human variation and genotype data. The goal of the 1000 Genomes Project was to find most genetic variants with frequencies at at least 1% in the populations studied. The project took advantage of developments in sequencing technology, which sharply reduced the cost of sequencing. It was the first project to sequence the genomes of a large number of people to provide a comprehensive resource on human genetic variation. Data from the 1000 Genomes Project was quickly made available to the worldwide scientific community through freely accessible public databases. 
966026201973346304	2018-02-20 19:06:09	https://t.co/84bLc7eiU7	You could book a FLYING taxi with Uber within the next five to 10 years, claims CEO Dara Khosrowshahi https://t.co/84bLc7eiU7	 Your Uber journeys could be about to get a lot more exciting. The firm's chief executive, Dara Khosrowshahi, says the firm will roll out self-flying taxis in the next five to 10 years. Uber is currently developing an airborne version of its ride-hailing app, called UberAIR, which is expected to launch in 2020. Khosrowshahi made the claims while speaking at an investor forum in Tokyo today. He is currently in Japan to lobby for an easing of the country's stringent taxi regulations. Uber first announced its intention to work on a flying taxi service since 2016, when it published a lengthy white paper on 'Uber Elevate'. It has since worked with Nasa to launch the UberAir project in Dubai, Dallas and Los Angeles by 2020. According to Uber, an all-electric, 200mph (320kph) ride across the skies of LA will be price-competitive with an UberX trip of the same distance. The ride-hailing company hopes UberAir will be well-established before the 2028 Olympic Games in the city. In a previous statement, chief product officer at Uber, Jeff Holden, said: 'By the time the Olympics come, we believe Los Angeles residents will be making heavy use of UberAIR. 'Because UberAIR is all-electric from day one, it will have a net positive impact on the environment.' Uber has also joined forces with Nasa to develop a traffic management system for its flying taxi service. Users will order the aircraft through the Uber app much like they would one of the firm's taxis. Once they have selected an UberAIR ride, the craft will fly to the nearest 'Skyport' - a series of launch pads spread across the city. Several manufacturers and investors are backing flying taxi technology. At CES in Las Vegas last month, two rival firms showcased different prototypes of autonomous, self-flying drones. In a presentation about Volocopter's craft, an exhibitor said it is the 'world's first autonomous air taxi.' The craft completed the first unmanned test flight in Dubai in Fall 2017. 'Potentially in years to come, you would be able to take your phone out and pull up a transportation application, and similar to what you do with a taxi today, summon this to your location, hop in, tell it where you're going,' he said. 'And it would autonomously fly you to that location, no pilot required. It's a safe, reliable form of transportation.' Advances in electric motors, battery technology and autonomous software has triggered an explosion in the field of electric air taxis. Larry Page, CEO of Google parent company Alphabet , has poured millions into aviation start-ups Zee Aero and Kitty Hawk, which are both striving to create all-electric flying cabs. Kitty Hawk is believed to be developing a flying car and has already filed more than a dozen different aircraft registrations with the Federal Aviation Administration, or FAA. Page, who co-founded Google with Sergey Brin back in 1998, has personally invested $100 million (£70 million) into the two companies, which have yet to publicly acknowledge or demonstrate their technology. Secretive start-up Joby Aviation has come a step closer to making its flying taxi a reality. The California-based company, which is building an all-electric flying taxi capable of vertical take-off, has received $100 million (£70 million) in funding from a group of investors led by Toyota and Intel. The money will be used to develop the firm’s 'megadrone' which can reach speeds of 200mph (321kph) powered by lithium nickel cobalt manganese oxide batteries. The Joby S2 prototype has 16 electric propellers, 12 of which are designed for vertical take-off and landing (VTOL), which means no runway is needed. The aircraft takes off vertically, like a helicopter, before folding away 12 of its propellers so it can glide like a plane once it is airborne. Airbus is also hard at work on a similar idea, with its latest Project Vahana prototype, branded Alpha One, successfully completing its maiden test flight in February 2018. The self-piloted helicopter reached a height of 16 feet (five metres) before successfully returning to the ground. In total, the test flight lasted 53 seconds. Airbus previously shared a well-produced concept video, showcasing its vision for Project Vahana. The footage reveals a sleek self-flying aircraft that seats one passenger under a canopy that retracts in similar way to a motorcycle helmet visor. Like Joby Aviation, Project Vahana is designed to be all-electric and take-off and land vertically. AirSpaceX is another company with ambitions to take commuters to the skies. The Detroit-based start-up has promised to deploy 2,500 aircrafts in the 50 largest cities in the United States by 2026. AirSpaceX unveiled its latest prototype, Mobi-One, at the North American International Auto Show in early 2018. Like its closest rivals, the electric aircraft is designed to carry two to four passengers and is capable of vertical take-off and landing. AirSpaceX has even included broadband connectivity for high speed internet access so you can check your Facebook News Feed as you fly to work. Aside from passenger and cargo services, AirSpaceX says the craft can also be used for medical and casualty evacuation, as well as tactical Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance (ISR). Even Uber is working on making its ride-hailing service airborne. Dubbed Uber Elevate, Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi tentatively discussed the company’s plans during a technology conference in January 2018. ‘I think it’s going to happen within the next 10 years,’ he said. The Volocopter craft 'is essentially a scaled-up super drone,' he noted. Volocopter relies on a system of 'redundancies' to ensure its safety, meaning there are many propellers, batteries, and motors to compensate in case one goes out. At the same show, the manufacturers of Volocopter flew its 'megadrone' on to the stage during Intel's keynote speech. It is powered by 18 independent motors and propellers, which provides back up so that if one or several fail, flight can still be maintained. Rival company Workhorse calls its craft SureFly – a 'personal electric octocopter.' This passenger-carrying drone can carry a load of up to 400 lb (180 kg) and travel up to 70 miles (110 km) in a single trip. The firm is working with Uber's Elevate project in hopes to bring a taxi style system to life. But, it could have a wide range of applications even beyond this. 'We feel that with this product, since it is so new breaking so much new ground, the market will tell us what the market is 'Military people like it, emergency responders, law enforcement, and even agriculture.' Both firms expect to have working models available by 2020. Earlier this month, a Californian start-up company called Joby Aviation received $100 million (£70 million) in funding from a group led by Intel and Toyota. The money will be used to develop the firm's 'megadrone' which can reach speeds of 200mph (321kph). Much bigger than the small drones for a small amount of people, the Joby S2 prototype has 16 electric propellers, 12 of which are designed for vertical take-off and landing (VTOL). It needs no runway, the propellers fold away after a successful take off and then glides like a plane using just four propellors. Powered by lithium nickel cobalt manganese oxide batteries, the drone can reach speeds of up to 200mph (321kph).
966022181267345410	2018-02-20 18:50:10	https://t.co/xF3ILXAE6g	Egyptians used the autumnal equinox to position Giza along the points of the compass 4,500 years ago, claims expert https://t.co/xF3ILXAE6g	 The secret to how the ancient Egyptians achieved the near-perfect alignment of the Great Pyramid of Giza may have finally been uncovered. Ancient engineers used shadows cast during the equinox to line up the 4,500-year-old structure with the cardinal points, north-south-east-west, an expert says. The theory may finally reveal how the Egyptians aligned the pyramid's walls without the use of modern technology, a mystery that has long puzzled archaeologists. Glen Dash, an Connecticut-based engineer who studies the Giza pyramids, says the ancient people used a technique known as the 'Indian circle method' to position the monument. He said they created points-of-reference using the sun during the autumn equinox - a day halfway between the summer and winter solstices when day and night are of equal length. Using a wooden rod known as gnomon, the Egyptians tracked the path of the sun throughout the day to help them draw perfect lines running east-west. 'The builders of the Great Pyramid of Khufu aligned the great monument to the cardinal points with an accuracy of better than four minutes of arc, or one-fifteenth of one degree,' Mr Dash wrote in a new paper. He added that all three of Egypt's largest pyramids, including another located at Giza, 'Khafre', and the 'Red Pyramid' found at nearby Dahshur, share the same high degree of accuracy in their alignment with the cardinal points. 'All three pyramids exhibit the same manner of error; they are rotated slightly counterclockwise from the cardinal points,' he wrote. The Indian circle method allows you to accurately draw a line running east-west with a simple set of equipment. It involves plotting the path of the sun throughout the day using the shadow it casts from a rod or pole stuck vertically into the ground. As the sun moves through the sky, the shadow shifts across the floor like the point on a sundial. If you plot the shadow's position on the ground every half an hour, you are left with a curved 'shadow line'. The curvature of this line changes depending on the time of year because the sun sits at different points in the sky. At the end of the day, with a curved shadow line drawn, you must wrap a short, taut piece of string around the vertical pole. When moved around the rod in a circle, the end of the string should intercept two points on the shadow line. Drawing a new line through these two points creates a line running precisely east-west. On the day of the autumn equinox it is possible to create a perfectly straight shadow line that runs east-west, with no need for the second, string line. The day is halfway between the summer and winter solstices, so day and night are of equal length, meaning the sun is perfectly centred in the sky. As a proof-of-concept, the engineer conducted his own experiment, using a gnomon to cast shadows starting on September 22, 2016 - the first day of the autumn equinox that year. He plotted the path of the sun throughout the day using the shadow it cast from a wooden pole or 'gnomon' stuck vertically into the ground. As the sun moved through the sky, the shadow shifted across the floor like the point on a sundial. Mr Dash plotted where the sun's shadow sat on a piece of paper on the ground every minute for around half an hour, forming a straight series of points. Drawing a line through these points created a near-perfect east-west line because during the equinox the sun is almost perfectly centred in the sky. Mr Dash wrote: 'On the equinox, the surveyor will find that the tip of the shadow runs in a straight line and nearly perfectly east-west.' The engineer said this technique only works on the autumn equinox because of specific tilt of the Earth on that day. The Valley of the Kings in upper Egypt is one of the country's main tourist attractions, situated next to the Giza pyramid complex. The majority of the pharaohs of the 18th to 20th dynasties, who ruled from 1550 to 1069 BC, rested in the tombs which were cut into the local rock. The royal tombs are decorated with scenes from Egyptian mythology and give clues as to the beliefs and funerary rituals of the period. Almost all of the tombs were opened and looted centuries ago, but the sites still give an idea of the opulence and power of the Pharaohs. The most famous pharaoh at the site is Tutankhamen, whose tomb was discovered in 1922. Preserved to this day, in the tomb are original decorations of sacred imagery from, among others, the Book of Gates or the Book of Caverns. These are among the most important funeral texts found on the walls of ancient Egyptian tombs. Creating a line in this way creates a slight degree of error counterclockwise - an alignment blip found in the Great Pyramid, Khafre Pyramid and Red Pyramid. Though his experiment was conducted in Connecticut, Mr Dash said the same technique would have worked in Giza. He added that the Egyptians could have calculated the day of the autumn equinox by counting forward 91 days after the summer solstice. All the pyramid's engineers would have needed was a 'clear sunny day, like most of the days at Giza', to plot the monument's walls, he told Live Science. Mr Dash admits that the Egyptians could have used other methods involving the position of the sun or stars to align the pyramids. 'The Egyptians, unfortunately, left us few clues,' he wrote. 'No engineering documents or architectural plans have been found that give technical explanations demonstrating how the ancient Egyptians aligned any of their temples or pyramids.' The engineer noted that his theory has the advantage of being less complicated than other methods. 'It is hard to imagine a method that could be simpler, either conceptually or in practice,' he wrote. 
966016893067898881	2018-02-20 18:29:09	https://t.co/ghnl3wJGbZ	Samsung patents a flying display that follows you around and can be controlled with your EYES https://t.co/ghnl3wJGbZ	 Samsung could be developing a flying display that can be controlled with your eyes. A patent filed by the firm outlines plans for a screen that takes up most of the drone's body and is kept aloft by four propellers. The flying screen would use several sensors to detect and respond to voice commands, hand gestures and eye movements. As well as acting as a hand-free device, the drone could be used by stores to follow customers around, showing them adverts as they shop. In the patent application, a range of uses for the smart drone are described. Samsung say the possibilities of the drone could range from a tablet to an e-book. Samsung describes the device in its patent as 'a display device capable of changing an angle... based on a gaze of a user while moving along with the user by automatically tracking the user, without an additional operation by the user.' According to the patent, the screen on the drone will adjust its height and angle automatically by tracking the head and eye movements of its owner. First reported by LetsGoDigital, the drone will be equipped with a gyro sensor, a motion sensor and a speedometer, the drone would be completely self-operated. Other built-in technologies could include GPS, Wi-Fi, and an accelerometer. Voice recognition technology would allow it to respond to commands, and the drone can adjust the display angle to meet the needs of the user. The Korean tech giant recently filed a patent showing off a prototype smartphone design that features two holes drilled into the top of the screen. The holes are likely meant to house cameras and other sensors. The phone is almost entirely bezel-free, except for some very thin borders around the edges of the phone. The concept describes an 'electronic apparatus with a hole area' that would be able to include all those elements, plus an 'optical sensor,' seemingly referring to facial recognition technology of some kind. Users would be able to decide whether images take up the full width and length of the display, or to restrict images with a small bezel at the top and bottom of the front screen. In the filing, Samsung notes that smartphone screens have become larger, yet the size is 'restricted' by features like a speaker to receive phone calls, a camera and a home button. If Samsung's design works well enough, it's possible that Apple may introduce it to its own line of flagship smartphones, just like it adopted wireless charging after Samsung had that feature for several years. The patent doesn't indicate if or when Samsung may introduce a notch-less smartphone. The patent provides little information about how the drone would navigate and the demand for a personal, flying screen is up for debate. Users may be able to listen and watch shows on the move with the flying screen or read a book, but the main use is likely to be in commercial advertising. With the ability to move independently and follow a specific individual, the devices could be employed as portable billboards. Not all patents that are filed and granted become reality as large companies regularly apply for patents on its ideas. This is not the first time Samsung have shown interest in developing its own range of drones. Previously, it has been reported that Samsung filed another patent to use its virtual reality headset (GearVR) to control drone flight. 
966011370855714816	2018-02-20 18:07:13	https://t.co/qisS0BhYZP	Official who oversaw South Korea's cryptocurrency regulator is found dead at his homehttps://t.co/qisS0BhYZP	 A South Korean official who oversaw his country's regulatory clampdown on cryptocurrencies was found dead on Sunday, officials have said. Investigators say that Jung Ki-joon, 52, the head of economic policy at South Korea's Office for Government Policy Coordination, was initially thought to have suffered a heart attack but is now believed to have died from an unknown cause. Jung oversaw moves to introduce new laws that were intended to eradicate cryptocurrency speculation and other illicit activity. Scroll down for video The Yonhap state news agency said that that he had been under immense pressure over the last year in his job which involved co-ordinating the opinions of various ministries in relation to the regulation of cryptocurrencies. South Korea has been an international centre for cryptocurrency trading - but the possibility of new legislation has damaged on the price of bitcoin this year following dramatic rises in 2017. Bitcoin traded at $20,000 in December - before global efforts to regulate cryptocurrencies gathered momentum - and is now trading at round $11,000, according to research site CoinDesk, representing a loss of about 70 percent of its value. The volatility of cryptocurrency, combined with a widespread lack of understanding of the market, has led many financial experts to warn people to steer clear. At a briefing last month, Mr Jung insisted that virtual currencies like bitcoin were not a form of legal currency and the government would 'strongly respond to excessive cryptocurrency speculation and illegal activity.' Nearly 5 percent of all bitcoin transactions world-wide last year used the South Korean won, making it the most widely used fiat currency in bitcoin trading after the U.S. dollar, the Japanese yen and the euro, according to CryptoCompare. The South Korean won was also the second-most widely-used currency for trading some alternative cryptocurrencies, including ether and Bitcoin Cash, which is a bitcoin rival. 
966010083657355264	2018-02-20 18:02:06	https://t.co/pjd5xNByeA	Inventor accused of killing Swedish journalist 'sent texts to an ex-girlfriend saying he had a murder plan ready' https://t.co/pjd5xNByeA	 The Danish inventor charged with murdering Swedish journalist Kim Wall on his private submarine reportedly told a former lover he had 'a murder plan' days earlier. Peter Madsen, 47, is accused of using a special toolkit to torture 30-year-old Ms Wall on board his home-made submarine before strangling her or slitting her throat. And now it is said he texted an old girlfriend to tell her he had 'a murder plan ready in the submarine' before the fateful voyage in Copenhagen on August 10 last year. Madsen allegedly took a saw, knife, tapered screwdrivers and straps to the boat, which he used to tie Wall's head, arms, and legs. He then dismembered her body, wrapped the parts in plastic bags and dumped them into Copenhagen harbour, it is claimed. An unidentified woman, who claims to be Madsen's ex-partner, has now told WIRED that she had 'either seen or talked to Madsen nearly every day' before the murder. She said the text messages they had shared were 'still bothering her'. During one of their exchanges, the woman asked the inventor to 'motivate her with a threat' to help her finish a project she was working on. 'He says he has a murder plan ready in the submarine, and I tell him "I am not afraid, you have to be more threatening". 'He talks about the tools he wants to use, and I say "Oh it's not threatening",' she told the magazine. The report claims their conversation soon 'darkened' and Madsen talked about inviting someone onto his submarine, the UC3 Nautilus, 'where they would suddenly change the mood and begin cutting her up'. The woman said she didn't pay much attention to the text messages at the time and it was 'not something she took seriously' - but later handed them over to police. Madsen admits abusing Ms Wall's corpse but maintains she died by accident after a hatch fell on her head while she was on board. She had agreed to ride along with Madsen for the maiden voyage of his submarine for a story she was writing. Madsen's trial will begin on March 8, when he will be charged with premeditated murder as well as dismemberment and 'sexual relations other than intercourse of a particularly dangerous nature.' Prosecutor Jakob Buch-Jepsen said the case is 'very unusual and extremely brutal.' Ms Wall was last seen on August 10 boarding Madsen's submarine for a trip around Copenhagen harbour. In the early hours of the following morning Madsen called the coastguard to report the craft was sinking, after which it became apparent Ms Wall was missing. Madsen initially denied any knowledge of her fate, saying he dropped her off on shore before the submarine ran into trouble. But he later changed his account, saying she was killed by accident after a heavy hatch fell on her head. Divers were quickly able to recover the wreck of the Nautilus from the bottom of the harbour, but found no trace of Ms Wall on board except for her underwear. Her torso was discovered almost two weeks after she was last seen, before her head and legs were discovered in October. Madsen's character is expected to be central to the murder case against him. A verdict is expected on April 25.
966005318147854337	2018-02-20 17:43:10	https://t.co/lTL7uUSOBs	Penis-themed parades celebrating the god of fertility and lovemaking are held in Greecehttps://t.co/lTL7uUSOBs	 Hundreds of devotees of the Ancient Greek god of fertility invaded the streets of Athens over the weekend to part-take in a penis parade. 'Phallephoria' sees participants dress up in masks and costumes inspired by Ancient Greece, with the addition of exaggerated fake penises strapped to their bodies to honour the god Dionysus. Video footage from Saturday's overnight celebrations sees dozens of people wave large gold penises and other phallic objects as they dance through the city. Scroll down for video As Phallephoria participants went back to the daily grind on Monday, a small town more than 180miles from the capital was similarly invaded by phalluses in all shapes and sizes, for their own annual fertility festival - also in honour of Dionysus. The Bourani festival held in the city of Tyrnavos in Greece has put the 25,000-strong municipality on the map thanks to its celebration of the male genitalia as a symbol of fertility. The festival mixes Greek Orthodox Christianity with ancient Greek religions; held in honour of Dionysus - god of wine, fertility and ritual madness among others - it marks the start of Lent. The first written record of the festival is from 1898, however it is believed the people of Tyrnavos have been celebrating it long before that. There are several elements of the Buorani festival, including a phallus parade which features penis costumes, fake penises, penis masks and phallus floats. Like a British hen-party on steroids, the festival features edibles such as breads, sweets and lollipops in penis-shapes, and devotees are seen wearing penis earrings or penis necklaces. The carnival is named after a type of spinach soup, which takes centre stage during the initial part of the festival. Festival-goers gather around a huge pot of bourani, where newcomers are 'initiated' by being served the soup using a phallic-shaped ladle. After this, the festivities start, and others can also drink the soup as the crowd dances and begin singing songs with obscene themes and words. 
965998771057451009	2018-02-20 17:17:09	https://t.co/j8p957XUeM	Passover 2018: When is it and why do Jewish people celebrate it? https://t.co/j8p957XUeM	 Passover is one of the most important Jewish holidays, celebrating the time when Moses led the Jewish people out of enslavement in Egypt to freedom. The festival, Pesach in Hebrew, lasts seven days in Israel and for Reform Jews, however some congregations celebrate the holiday over eight days. It has been celebrated every year in spring since around 1300 BC and involves rituals such as consumption of ceremonial foods and special prayers on Passover Seder nights. Here’s all the information on Passover including what is it, when is Passover 2018 and why do Jews celebrate it. Passover 2018 starts at sundown on March 30 and ends on April 7. In the Hebrew calendar, the dates for Passover are Nissan 15-22. The first night of Passover 2018 is March 30. March 31/April 1 and April 6/7 are Yom Tovs. Yom Tovs translate as 'Good Days' and a time during which working is prohibited. In 2017, Passover started on April 11 and ended on April 18. Passover is a Jewish holiday that celebrates the time when Moses led the Children of Israel from Egypt and enslavement. The story is set out in the Book of Exodus in the Old Testament. The Book Exodus tells the story of how the Jews settled in Egypt when Jacob and his sons went there to be reunited with Joseph. As long as Joseph and his siblings were alive, the Jewish people were treated with respect in Egypt. However, after Joseph died and a new Pharaoh came to the throne, the attitude changed. 'Behold the Children of Israel are more and mightier than we. Come, let us deal wisely with them; lest they multiply,' it says in Exodus 1:8-10. The Jewish people became enslaved and the Pharaoh ordered for all newborn sons to be drowned in the Nile. One such newborn was Moses, who was saved from drowning when his mother placed him in a basket and set him down the river. The baby is discovered by the Pharaoh’s daughter and names him Moses, which translates into English as ‘he who was drawn from the water’. Moses grows up with the Pharaoh’s family but does not forget his true heritage. One day he sees an Egyptian slave driver beating a slave and kills him and flees Egypt to become a shepherd. However, God intervenes and appears to Moses as a burning bush and tells him to go before the Pharaoh and demand that he ‘Let My people go, so that they may serve Me.’ The Pharaoh refuses and instead intensifies the Jewish people’s torment. Moses continues to return and demand freedom for the Children of Israel, each time the Pharaoh refuses, ignoring the warnings that God would smite Egypt with terrible plagues. To ensure the Children of Israel were passed over, i.e. weren’t touched by the angel, God ordered them to brush their door frames with the blood of a freshly slaughtered male lamb, then roast the lamb and consume it with bitter herbs and unleavened bread. The Pharaoh gives in after the tenth plague and begs the Jewish people to leave. The Jews leave Egypt so quickly that they don’t have time to let the dough of the bread rise with yeast, meaning all their bread is unleavened. However, the Pharaoh then changes his mind and pursues the Jews to force them to return. The Jewish people end up being trapped between the Pharaoh’s army and the Red Sea. God orders Moses to raise his staff and suddenly the Red Sea parts down the middle, allowing the Jewish people to pass through. The Book of Exodus says how God ordered the Children of Israel to commemorate this period every year by removing all leaven and eating matzah instead. 'This day shall be for you a memorial day, and you shall keep it as a feast to the LORD; throughout your generations, as a statute forever, you shall keep it as a feast,' it says in Exodus 12:14. The most famous part of Passover is the removal of Chametz (leaven) from the house. This means anything that is a ‘risen’ product of a combination of water and one of five types of grain (wheat, spelt, rye, barley and oat) are not allowed. Fermented drinks such as beer and champagne are also not allowed. On Passover Seder night, family and friends get together and follow a 15-step process that includes prayer, washing and eating foods in a specific order. A passover Seder meal will usually consist of red wine, vegetables dipped in saltwater, matzah, bitter herbs such as horseradish and may feature matzo ball soup or gefilte fish. Throughout the night, everyone takes part in reading passages from the Haggadah, which means ‘Narration’ and tells the story of how the Jewish people fled Egypt. The part that kids probably look most forward to is the afikoman. On the Passover Seder table, under the Seder plate, there will be three matzahs. The middle piece is taken and then split. The largest part of that piece is called the afikoman, from the Greek epikomen, which means 'that which comes after'. It is wrapped in cloth and eaten for dessert, a symbolic gesture to remember how quickly the Jews had to leave Egypt, when they wrapped their unleavened bread in their clothes. The reason it may be the favourite part for children is because the afikoman is traditionally hidden in the house and the kids have to find it and bring it back to the table.
965989688040452096	2018-02-20 16:41:03	https://t.co/C2kyKrDxzj	Crown Princess Mary of Denmark comforts her emotional daughter Josephine, seven, at Prince Henrik’s funeral https://t.co/C2kyKrDxzj	 Crown Princess Mary was seen comforting her young children today as she attended her father-in-law Prince Henrik's funeral in Copenhagen. The Danish royal, 46, was dressed in all black as she joined husband Crown Prince Frederik at the funeral, with their children Prince Christian, Princess Isabella, Princess Josephine and Prince Vincent. The mother-of-four was seen bending down to give Josephine, seven, a reassuring embrace outside the church at Christiansborg Palace ahead of the service. Christian, 12, Isabella, 10, and Vincent, seven, also looked visibly upset as they gathered for their grandfather's funeral. They were joined by their grandmother Queen Margrethe who wore a black veil for the service. The 77-year-old monarch was seen weeping over her husband's coffin at the funeral today. Thousands of Danes lined the streets to pay their respects to Henrik, who died in his sleep aged 83 last Tuesday. Following his death, his coffin was taken on a stately procession through the streets of northern Copenhagen to Amalienborg Palace. His casket was on display to the public for the past week, ahead of today's private funeral service. Prime Minister Lars Lokke Rasmussen, France's ambassador to Denmark and some 60 other guests were among those at the church ceremony today. Mary and husband Frederik, 49, took their children to visit a sea of floral tributes laid to Prince Henrik outside the Amalienborg Palace in Copenhagen on Thursday. Although Henrik and Margrethe appeared to have a good marriage, the French-born prince had publicly vented his frustration at not being her social equal. He was titled prince consort, the husband of a reigning queen but not a king, and he was not in the line of succession, his oldest son Crown Prince Frederik being the heir. Henrik caused a scandal last August by announcing that when he died he did not want to be buried next to Margrethe in the cathedral where the remains of Danish royals have gone for centuries. The palace said it would respect Henrik's wish to be cremated, after he refused to be buried in a tomb prepared for him and his wife Queen Margrethe. Half of his ashes will be spread over Danish seas and the other half buried in the royal family's private garden at the Fredensborg Palace, north of Copenhagen, where he died. 
965984660915392512	2018-02-20 16:21:04	https://t.co/SGN76Pdr5D	Museum visitor broke off a 2,000-year-old Terracotta Warrior's thumb and STOLE it in China https://t.co/SGN76Pdr5D	 The theft of a thumb of an ancient Terracotta Warrior statue on display in the U.S. incited a wave of criticism on Chinese social media Tuesday, following China's calls to 'severely punish' the thief. The Chinese public have taken to Weibo, the Chinese equivalent to Twitter, to express their anger over the damage of the 2,000-year-old artefact, which is considered 'invaluable' by the Chinese. One person questioned 'why did we lend our treasure to the U.S' while many insisted 'appropriated compensation' be given by a museum in Pennsylvania, where 10 of the figures are on display. Scroll down for video A number of other Chinese commentators were so livid they even suggested the thief's thumb should be cut off. Michael Rohana, 24, has been arrested over the theft during an after hours 'ugly sweater party' just before Christmas at the Franklin Institute in Philadelphia. The museum is holding an exhibition to display 10 life-size clay soldiers and over 170 other artifacts from China's pre-Qin, Qin, and Han dynasties from September last year to March 4 this year. According to an arrest affidavit filed by an FBI agent, Rohana snuck into the closed exhibit and snapped a selfie with the warrior, worth $4.5 million (£3.2 million). Rohana then appeared to break off the statue's left thumb and pocket it before leaving the event with friends. The museum noticed its disappearance weeks later on January 8. The FBI agent tracked Rohana back to his home in Bear, Delaware, where the young man admitted to having stashed the thumb in a desk drawer. He was arrested for theft of a major artwork from a museum, concealment of a major stolen artwork, and the interstate transportation of stolen property, but released on a $15,000 (£10,700) bail, according to court documents seen by AFP. Built around 209 BC to stand guard over the tomb of the first emperor, the 8,000-strong Terracotta Army is one of China's most important archaeological discoveries, and considered a symbol of ancient Chinese artistic and military sophistication. A major tourist attraction in Xi'an, capital of the northern province of Shaanxi, it has been a UNESCO world heritage site since 1987. The Shaanxi Provincial Cultural Relic Exchange Centre, which looks after the important archaeological findings in China, was shocked by the incident. The centre's director told the Beijing Youth Daily on Sunday: 'We call on the US side to severely punish the person who committed such a damaging act of vandalism and theft of humanity's cultural heritage.' Two experts would be sent to the US to help with repairs, the director said, adding that they had begun the process of claiming compensation for damages. The director also said the centre felt very guilty because it was the lender of the exhibits and they should have taken care of them better on behalf of the country. The director vowed to draw lessons from the incident. News of the damage sparked strong criticism on Chinese social media, with many comments nationalistic in tone. 'Whoever agreed to use our ancestor's funerary objects to curry favour with foreigners should be the one 'severely punished' first,' wrote one user. 'If they don't understand that our statue is precious why would we lend it to the US in the first place?' another asked. But a few were more circumspect in their disapproval, recalling China's destruction of its own heritage. 'Who will be held responsible for all the cultural relics destroyed in the Cultural Revolution?' a user wrote, referring to the tumultuous period in the 1960s and 70s when countless artifacts were defaced or destroyed as China tried to rid itself of the influence of traditional culture. MailOnline has contacted the Franklin Institute for comments and is awaiting a reply. The Terracotta Army is a form of funerary art buried with the first emperor, Qin Shi Huang, in 210 to 209 BC and whose purpose was to protect the emperor in his afterlife. Arguably the most famous archaeological site in the world, it was discovered by chance by villagers in 1974, and excavation has been on-going at the site since that date. An extraordinary feat of mass-production, each figure was given an individual personality although they were not intended to be portraits. The figures vary in height according to their roles, with the tallest being the generals. Current estimates are that there were over 8,000 soldiers, 130 chariots with 520 horses and 150 cavalry horses, the majority of which are still buried. Since 1998, figures of terracotta acrobats, bureaucrats, musicians and bronze birds have been discovered on site. They were designed to entertain the Emperor in his afterlife and they are of crucial importance to our understanding of his attempts to control the world even in death. 
965978727338463234	2018-02-20 15:57:30	https://t.co/ivOEUTFMLS	Girl, 17, is electrocuted with headphones 'melted in her ears' while using her mobile phone in Brazil https://t.co/ivOEUTFMLS	 A student was electrocuted while playing on her phone as it charged, leaving her with the headphones 'melted in her ears'. Luiza Pinheiro, from Riacho Frio in Brazil, was rushed to hospital on Sunday but doctors were unable to revive her. The 17-year-old's lifeless body was found on the floor by a relative at about 5pm, the Mirror reported. A 'huge electric charge' had destroyed her phone, which was plugged into a charger. 'The girl's grandmother told the doctor that they found her granddaughter unconscious, lying on the floor and with headphones in her ears,' a hospital spokesman told local media. 'They said they believe that the young woman had an electric shock because the cell phone was charging and the phone was melted.' He added: 'It is stated in the medical record that the girl was admitted to the hospital one hour after the electric shock. 'The relatives said that the girl had received a shock, but the causes of death will still be confirmed.' He said it was not raining at the time but there was a lightning storm. It is not clear exactly how the teenager was electrocuted and the cause of the shock is still under investigation.
965974589166751746	2018-02-20 15:41:03	https://t.co/x0kCgtJQpv	An electric shock could help you orgasm https://t.co/x0kCgtJQpv	 Zaps to the ankle may boost women's libido more than foreplay. Sending electrical signals from the foot to the base of the spine could increase women's sex drive by sending a surge of blood to their genitalia, according to researchers. In less than 30 minutes, women experience a tickling tingle that may leave them more aroused. Study author Professor Tim Bruns from Michigan University, said: 'If stimulation is repeated over three months, it could lead to better blood flow and nerve connections to the vagina. 'It would improve symptoms of genital arousal disorder.' Studies are in development to analyse the impact of such zaps on 30 women's sex drives, which the scientists hope will lead to the development of a cheaper alternative to medication. Nearly half of women experience loss of libido at some point in their lives. Loss of libido is a reduced sex drive. Past research suggests it affects nearly half of all women at some point in their lives. It is often linked to relationship issues, stress or tiredness, but could also indicate an underlying health problem. Sex drives vary person-to-person with no libido being 'normal', however, if it is affecting your relationship, it may be worth seeking help from a GP or psychosexual therapist. Common causes: Source: NHS Choices How does it work? A thin needle is inserted into women's ankles where it gives off an electrical current. This passes along the tibial nerve, which runs to the bottom of the spine. In theory, this will improve blood supply to women's intimate areas, boosting their sex drive. It is unclear if the treatment has any side effects or when future studies are due to begin. The researchers got the idea for the treatment after discovering it improves sex for women suffering from incontinence. 'Kiss hormone' paves the way for new libido treatment This comes after research released last month suggested the discovery of a brain chemical that fuels sex drive and could help women achieve better orgasms. Kisspeptin, which is better known as the 'kiss hormone', has previously been linked to puberty and fertility, but research implies it could benefit women suffering from extremely low sex drives, or hypoactive sexual desire disorder (HSDD). Testosterone is sometimes given to improve women's desires between the sheets, however, this can cause 'male' side effects, including facial hair and a deeper voice. Kisspeptin's potential complications are unclear. Study author Professor Julie Bakker from Liege University, Belgium, said: 'There are no good treatments available for women suffering from low sexual desire. 'The discovery that kisspeptin controls both attraction and sexual desire opens up exciting new possibilities for the development of treatments for low sexual desire.' HSDD is thought to affect up to 40 per cent of women at some point in their lives in the US and UK. Five-to-15 per cent suffer continuously. 
965972180298235905	2018-02-20 15:31:29	https://t.co/gkhi6OLx14	Thousands of Danes line the streets for Prince Henrik's funeral https://t.co/gkhi6OLx14	 Thousands of Danes have lined the streets today for Prince Henrik's funeral as his wife Queen Margrethe wept over his coffin. Margrethe joined her family as they said farewell to the 83-year-old at a private service inside Christiansborg Palace Chapel in the centre of Copenhagen. Crowds gathered outside as military officers carried away Henrik's coffin, draped in a Danish flag with his personal coat of arms. Last year, Henrik stunned Danes when he broke a 459-year-old tradition by announcing his choice not to be buried in the tomb that has been prepared for him and his wife. Shortly afterwards, the palace issued a statement saying that he had dementia. Resenting never being named king, in 2016, he renounced the title of prince consort and spent much of his time at a chateau on a vineyard in southwestern France, although he remained married to the queen and officially still lived with her. Scroll down for video Henrik died in his sleep last Tuesday at Fredensborg Palace, before his coffin was taken on a stately procession through the streets of northern Copenhagen to Amalienborg Palace. It was afterwards announced that the palace would respect his wish not to be buried in a tomb in Roskilde Cathedral prepared for him and Margrethe, who he said had never acknowledged him as her equal. Instead, Henrik's body will be cremated and half of the ashes scattered in Danish waters and half buried in the garden of Fredensborg Castle, north of Copenhagen, where he died. The queen, Prime Minister Lars Lokke Rasmussen, France's ambassador to Denmark and some 60 other guests were among those at the simple church ceremony today. Some 20,000 had visited French-born Henrik's coffin in the past three days while he lay in state. As in most monarchies, a Danish princess becomes queen when her husband takes the throne, but a man does not become king through being married to a queen. Although Henrik and the queen appeared to have a good marriage, the French-born prince had publicly vented his frustration at not being her social equal. He was titled prince consort, the husband of a reigning queen but not a king, and he was not in the line of succession, his oldest son Crown Prince Frederik being the heir. Born on June 11, 1934, in southwestern France to parents with the noble titles of count and countess, Henri Marie Jean Andre de Laborde de Monpezat married Denmark's future queen in 1967. Henri became Henrik and converted to Denmark's state Lutheran Church. However, he found it difficult to fit in with Denmark's egalitarian lifestyle. Shortly after the royal marriage, media criticized Henrik because he had openly aired his views that spanking was good for children. In the mid-1980s, Henrik publicly said he wanted a paycheck instead of relying on the queen, who gets annual allowances. The law was eventually changed to give him roughly 10 percent of the annual allocation Parliament makes to royals each year. In a 2002 interview, Henrik again stunned Danes by saying he felt he had been pushed aside in his own home, not only by his wife but also by his son. This followed the annual royal New Year's reception for foreign diplomats, where Frederik had been host because his mother was unavailable due to a broken rib. 'For many years I have been No. 2,' Henrik told Danish tabloid B.T. 'I have been satisfied with that role, but after so many years in Denmark I don't suddenly want to become number three and become some kind of wearisome attachment.' Teased for his French accent and unable to understand why protocol required him to remain in his wife's shadow, Henrik never really found his place in Denmark. 'A lot of people think I'm a loser until I prove them wrong,' he once said. It wasn't until 1997 that he stood in for his wife at a public engagement for the first time. 'People are just used to considering Prince Henrik as ... a little dog that follows behind and gets a sugar cube once in a while,' he said. In 2002, he made headlines when he fled to his chateau in southern France to 'reflect on life', complaining he didn't receive enough respect in Denmark after his son, Crown Prince Frederik, was chosen to represent the queen at a New Year's ceremony instead of him. He said he felt 'pushed aside, degraded and humiliated'. 'My self-respect is destroyed'. Some politicians dubbed Henrik's behaviour 'tiresome', while media had a field day, one television show conferring on him the title of 'Whiner of the Year'. But it also marked a turning point, as Danes saw a more vulnerable side of Henrik and slowly started to warm to him. Over time, his contrarian streak and flamboyance helped earn him cult status among young people. In 2013, he collaborated with Danish pop group Michael Learns To Rock, playing the piano on a track recorded for the king of Thailand. Months later he was photographed strolling with friends in the self-governed Copenhagen hippie community of Christiania, known for its cannabis trade, and in June 2014 he dressed up in a panda costume at a charity event. In April 2015 he controversially cancelled his appearance at Margrethe's 75th birthday celebrations for ill health, only to resurface in a tourist-packed square in Venice less than two days later. The tabloids were outraged, but fans saw it as the kind of erratic behaviour they had come to love him for. On Twitter, a popular radio show host wrote: 'Words cannot describe how much I love Henrik!' Crown Princess Mary of Denmark comforts her emotional daughter Josephine, seven, as she attends her father-in-law Prince Henrik’s funeral with her four young children By Emily Chan for MailOnline Crown Princess Mary was seen comforting her young children today as she attended her father-in-law Prince Henrik's funeral in Copenhagen. The Danish royal, 46, was dressed in all black as she joined husband Crown Prince Frederik at the funeral, with their children Prince Christian, Princess Isabella, Princess Josephine and Prince Vincent. The mother-of-four was seen bending down to give Josephine, seven, a reassuring embrace outside the church at Christiansborg Palace ahead of the service. Christian, 12, Isabella, 10, and Vincent, seven, also looked visibly upset as they gathered for their grandfather's funeral. They were joined by their grandmother Queen Margrethe who wore a black veil for the service. The 77-year-old monarch was seen weeping over her husband's coffin at the funeral today. 
965969565623685120	2018-02-20 15:21:05	https://t.co/ZrYMmBExbC	Wealthy Japanese heir who fathered 13 children at 'baby factory' in Thailand is granted custody of entire brood https://t.co/ZrYMmBExbC	 A Japanese millionaire has been awarded legal custody to 13 children he fathered through surrogate mothers in Thailand. Mitsutoki Shigeta, thought to be 27 years old, caused a 'baby factory' scandal in 2014 after Thai police found nine infants living with their nannies in an upmarket Bangkok apartment. A DNA test found that Shigeta was the biological father of the nine children, as well as four more babies born by surrogates in Thailand. The murky case threw the spotlight on Thailand's then unregulated rent-a-womb industry, and helped push authorities to bar foreigners from paying for Thai surrogates in 2015. Shigeta, the son of a Japanese tycoon, left the country in the wake of the scandal three-and-a-half-years ago. He later sued Thailand's Ministry of Social Development and Human Security for custody of the children. 'For the happiness and opportunities which the 13 children will receive from their biological father, who does not have a history of bad behaviour, the court rules that all 13 born from surrogacy to be legal children of the plaintiff,' Bangkok's Central Juvenile Court said in a statement. Shigeta, who did not attend the trial in person, was deemed the 'sole parent' of the children after the Thai surrogates had signed away their rights, the court said. As he comes from a wealthy family, he has ample money and has prepared nurses and nannies to care for the children in Japan, the ruling stated. Shigeta's lawyer said he would contact the Social Welfare Ministry, who has taken care of the children since the scandal broke in 2014, about the next steps in transferring them from state custody. Shigeta hired the Thai surrogates before the kingdom banned the lucrative trade in 2015, following a string of scandals and custody tussles. Surrogacy agencies quickly migrated to neighbouring Cambodia, who followed suit and barred the industry in 2016. In recent months there have been signs the industry has shifted to Laos, an opaque communist country with no restrictions on surrogacy. Some surrogacy agencies are now offering services to carry out the embryo transfer in Laos and then provide pregnancy care for the surrogate in Thailand, a wealthier country with vastly superior medical facilities.
965966134301331456	2018-02-20 15:07:27	https://t.co/YqvsKuT1gZ	Sacred Mayan relics are found alongside ancient human remains in under water cave https://t.co/YqvsKuT1gZ	 Archaeologists exploring the world's biggest flooded cave in Mexico have discovered 9,000-year-old human remains, as well as the bones of animals who roamed the Earth during the last Ice Age. Experts believe water levels in the caves fluctuated throughout their history, and that they were used to quench the thirst of animals and people in the region during times of severe drought. They also proved perilous, however, and some of the creatures who ventured inside never made it out alive. Today, their remains are a treasure trove for researchers, allowing them to piece together parts of the cave's past, dating all the way back to the Pleistocene epoch, between 2.6 million and 11,700 years ago. Sacred relics from the later Mayan civilisation were also uncovered, suggesting they followed the path of their stone age ancestors. Experts have declared the caves 'the most important submerged archaeological site in the world.' Scroll down for video Scuba divers made the find while exploring the Sac Actun cave system in the Mexican state of Quintana Roo, the largest flooded cave system in the world with 248 underwater pools connected by 215 miles (347 km) of tunnels. They have been exploring the artefacts left in the caves over the millennia, in a project sponsored by Mexico's National Institute of Anthropology and History (INAH). As part of the project, they have discovered 200 archaeological sites in the cave system, near the beach resort of Tulum. Animal remains ranging from gomphotheres, an extinct elephant-like animal, to giant sloths and bears, were uncovered. Then there are the relics left inside by humans, including burnt human bones, ceramics, wall etchings and more. The cave's discovery has rocked the archaeological world. 'I think it's overwhelming. Without a doubt it's the most important submerged archaeological site in the world,' said Guillermo de Anda, researcher at INAH. 'It is very unlikely that there is another site in the world with these characteristics. There is an impressive amount of archaeological artefacts inside, and the level of preservation is also impressive.' Dr de Anda is also director of GAM, which is dedicated to the study and preservation of the subterranean waters of the Yucatan peninsula. Water levels in the region rose 330 feet (100m) at the end of the Ice Age, flooding the cave system and leading to 'ideal conditions for the preservation of the remains of extinct megafauna from the Pleistocene,' he says. Of the sites discovered around 140 are from the Mayan civilisation, which first established cities in around 750 AD and dominated large parts of the Americas for hundreds of years. In the 8th and 9th century AD, a large chunk of their civilisation mysteriously collapsed, although the reason for this has been hotly debated. The Great Mayan Aquifer (GAM) project, which oversaw the dive, was created to discover if there are links between the Mayans and earlier, pre-ceramic, human societies which existed on the continent. A total of 198 objects were found in the cave system, including walls, altars and a Mayan burial site with human remains. Of these, 138 are believed to be from the post-classic Mayan period, 900 to 1200 AD, and the 60 remaining objects seem to be from pre-ceramic era of 10,000 to 4,000 BC. The relics include a shrine to the Mayan god of war and commerce, with a staircase accessed through a sink-hole in the middle of the jungle. Many other of the hundreds of sink-holes that connect to the cave have elaborate signs of ritual activity around them, archaeologists said. The ancient Mayans viewed caves, 'and especially ones that led to water, as extremely sacred places,' the INAH said. Experts also believe that the evidence shows the Mayans made use of existing spaces with religious significance for their ancestors. 'This is a very clear phenomenon of appropriation of sacred spaces, the underwater pools, the caves and the modification the ancient Mayans made,' Dr de Anda added. In January, it was reported that a group of divers had connected two underwater caverns in eastern Mexico to reveal what is believed to be the biggest flooded cave on the planet. A team from GAM, said the cave system was identified after months of exploring a maze of underwater channels. The project found that the cave system, once measured at 163 miles (262km), is actually connected with the 53 mile (85km) Dos Ojos system. In a statement, GAM said for that reason, Sac Actun now absorbs Dos Ojos. GAM director and underwater archaeologist Guillermo de Anda hailed the discovery as an 'amazing' find. He also said it would help to understand the rich culture of the region, which was dominated by the Maya civilisation before the Spanish conquest. He told Reuters: 'It allows us to appreciate much more clearly how the rituals, the pilgrimage sites and ultimately the great pre-Hispanic settlements that we know emerged.' The Yucatan peninsula in Mexico is studded with monumental relics of the Maya people, whose cities drew upon an extensive network of sinkholes linked to subterranean waters known as cenotes. Some cenotes acquired particular religious significance to the Maya, whose descendants continue to inhabit the region. For hundreds of years the Mayans dominated large parts of the Americas until, mysteriously in the 8th and 9th century AD, a large chunk of the Mayan civilisation collapsed. The reason for this collapse has been hotly debated, but now scientists say they might have an answer - an intense drought that lasted a century. Studies of sediments in the Great Blue Hole in Belize suggest a lack of rains caused the disintegration of the Mayan civilisation, and a second dry spell forced them to relocate elsewhere. The theory that a drought led to a decline of the Mayan Classic Period is not entirely new, but the new study co-authored by Dr André Droxler from Rice University in Texas provides fresh evidence for the claims. Dozens of theories have attempted to explain the Classic Maya Collapse, from epidemic diseases to foreign invasion. With his team Dr Droxler found that from 800 to 1000 AD, no more than two tropical cyclones occurred every two decades, when usually there were up to six. This suggests major droughts occurred in these years, possibly leading to famines and unrest among the Mayan people. And they also found that a second drought hit from 1000 to 1100 AD, corresponding to the time that the Mayan city of Chichén Itzá collapsed. Researchers say a climate reversal and drying trend between 660 and 1000 AD triggered political competition, increased warfare, overall sociopolitical instability, and finally, political collapse - known as the Classic Maya Collapse. This was followed by an extended drought between AD 1020 and 1100 that likely corresponded with crop failures, death, famine, migration and, ultimately, the collapse of the Maya population.
965962013091475462	2018-02-20 14:51:05	https://t.co/gGmB24okh7	Winter Olympics hockey players avoid a handshake at the end of a game and FIST BUMP instead to avoid norovirus bug https://t.co/gGmB24okh7	 It is one of the time-honoured traditions of a hockey game. But players at the Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea are being told not to shake hands after a game and should fist bump instead in order to avoid spreading the norovirus bug. The US men's team has declared shaking is a no-go after defenseman James Wisniewski's 62-year-old father tested positive for norovirus last week. He is one of 49 of 283 confirmed Olympic cases still in quarantine. However many of the women's teams have decided to ignore the warning and carry on with the ritual which they say is more important than a potential health risk. 'How bad can it get?' Norovirus is one of the most common stomach infections in the UK and it is referred to winter vomiting bug as it usually occurs at this time of year. Usually it clears up by itself within 24 to 48 hours but it can very serious for already frail patients, and can lead to dehydration. The virus, which can also cause diarrhoea, is extremely contagious and can create huge disruption in hospitals as it spreads so quickly between patients. But the winter vomiting bug has a tendency to mutate and some strains are worse than others, leading to higher numbers of infections. Recalling the moment he was told his father had norovirus, Wisniewski said on Monday: 'It's something that you're like, 'Ah, really how bad can it get?' And then all of a sudden bang, bang - a couple people close to you have it and you don't really know how, you don't know where.' He added: 'You don't want it going through your locker room, that's for sure.' Tony Granato and Oleg Znarok, the head coaches of Team USA and the Olympic Athletes from Russia, respectively, decided to spurn tradition by not shaking hands after a 4-0 OAR win several days ago. The U.S. men's team handshake ban has even seen alternate captain Jim Slater fist bump members of the media before interviews. 'It's good,' Slater said. 'I do it to everybody. Touching hands and stuff, you never know where hands are. Just being cautious.' The women's teams have decided to continue shaking hands, including those for the U.S. and Finland after their semifinal game Monday. Players know about the warning and decided the meaning behind the post-game ritual outweighs the risks. 'That's part of what's special about hockey is the mutual respect and the handshake after,' U.S. forward Jocelyne Lamoureux-Davidson said after advancing to the gold-medal game. 'In these tournament settings, it's not prelims anymore, so I think shaking hands ... it's just respect.' International Ice Hockey Federation president Rene Fasel is not sure it's necessary for players to stop handshaking but did warn it may be better to be safe than sorry. 'You know doctors - one doctor (has a) different opinion, like the lawyers,' Fasel said. 'That would be a disaster if a good team is just taken out because of that. I feel sorry because this is hockey game and we shake hands at the close of game. Handshaking is one of many traditions in hockey. Certain teams do not cut their facial hair, for example, or won't touch any trophy prior to a game - except the one they hope to win. According to The Hockey Writers, the handshake gesture is important because it reminds players they are playing a game and it's not a life-or-death situation. Players tackle each other and often cause each other serious injuries: it would therefore be reasonable to resent them and, after a match, not engage in the cordial gesture. The handshake reinforces a sense of camaraderie. The tradition is surprisingly well-sustained despite being only informally enforced. However, players who refuse to shake hands are heavily criticised by sports media, fans and their fellow players. '(But) If we can help to avoid that there is an infection in the team in a very important moment of the tournament, I think that's a good decision.' 'Take every precaution' Fasel added that he hopes players can have a real handshake in elimination games because it's hockey tradition. US players don't mind skipping this tradition, saying it's not worth the risk. 'I'm not concerned about it, but just trying to take every precaution not to get it,' forward Broc Little said. 'I think the fist-bump's a good idea.' Wisniewski and those around him thought it a good idea to stay away from his father, who is confined to one of two apartments the family is renting in South Korea. Wisniewski said his dad, Jim, started getting sick while waiting for a taxi and had to be transported to the hospital by ambulance. Jim Wisniewski is feeling a bit better now after sleeping almost all day Sunday, but his son isn't taking any chances. 'It was pretty bad,' Wisniewski said. 'I've stayed away from him.'
965959499734495233	2018-02-20 14:41:06	https://t.co/iMAgfviyxf	Blue whale carcass on beach is stomped on by people taking selfies and covered in GRAFFITI https://t.co/iMAgfviyxf	 A blue whale carcass has been stomped on by people taking selfies and covered in graffiti after it washed up on a beach in Chile. The huge 66ft whale created a stir among locals after it was discovered on the shoreline of Punta Arenas in the Magallanes Region of the country. But pictures soon emerged online showing people clambering on the dead mammal's body and trampling on its back. Footprints could be seen on its carcass and one online picture showed how someone had scrawled 'Ana, I love you' on its flank. Furious social media users have hit out at the 'vandals'. One, called Carmen Julia Gonzalez Escanilla, said: 'We are losing respect and empathy for everything today.' Xieman Hernandez added: 'So stupid, every day we get worse. How would the people who did this like to have their dead bodies written on? They do not respect anything!' The whale has now been taken away by Chilean authorities to establish its cause of death. Initial reports suggest that it could have died from an illness or possibly following a collision with a ship, although it displayed no obvious signs of physical injury. Marine specialists will report on their investigation into the blue whale's death later this week. The blue whale is the largest animal known to have ever existed, however they are difficult to weigh because of their enormity. The heaviest blue whale recorded weighed 190 metric tonnes and was a southern hemisphere female. 
965956526396538885	2018-02-20 14:29:17	https://t.co/QyKSPR0MQG	The lesbian couple who fooled Spain's Catholic Church into performing its only same-sex marriage in 1901 https://t.co/QyKSPR0MQG	 As the young couple were married in 1901, the priest in the Galician church did not think anything was amiss. But unbeknownst to the church leader, both the bride and groom were female - and were married in the only same sex ceremony to ever take place in the Spanish Catholic Church. Marcela Gracia Ibeas and Elisa Sánchez Loriga - who played the part of Mario for their wedding day - spent the rest of their lives dodging punishment from the authorities. The infatuated couple met during teacher training in A Coruña, but Marcela's mother sent her daughter to Madrid due to fears over the women's relationship. Despite their initial separation, Marcela and Elisa eventually began working at schools located close together, according to historian Narciso de Gabriel. As part of their elaborate plan, Marcela announced she would be marrying her cousin, Mario, who was from London (to be played by Elisa). Mario was baptized, and then wed Marcela. Their cunning plan was outed by a Galician newspaper, who printed their wedding photo and exposed their lie, forcing the women to move to Porto. They then continued onto Buenos Aires, after they feared extradition from Portugal. Marcela was reportedly pregnant by an unknown man when she was married, and gave birth to a daughter before they left Porto. The story of the lesbian couple is set to be told by Isabel Coixet, who told the BBC: 'When I think about these two women and the courage it took for one of them to pretend to be a man, it was unbelievably brave 'I was fascinated the first time I heard about the story, which almost raised more questions than it has answers. 'We don't know what happened to them in the end, and how did they think they would get away with it?'
965952694233034752	2018-02-20 14:14:03	https://t.co/N6MBSmsTak	Imran Khan’s second wife claims the Pakistani politician began seeing his new bride while they were still together https://t.co/N6MBSmsTak	 The ex-wife of Pakistani cricket legend-turned-politician Imran Khan has accused him of cheating on her with the woman he has now married. Khan, 65, wed third wife Bushra Wattoo – a conservative 'spiritual healer' who divorced her husband last year - in a private ceremony in Lahore on Sunday. But his second wife Reham Khan, whom he divorced after a ten-month marriage in 2015, claims the newlyweds have been having an extramarital affair for years. Scroll down for video Speaking to the Times, Ms Khan, 44, said: 'Imran Khan was in contact with Bushra three years ago when I was his wife and he is not the truthful man.' She claims Khan also lied about the wedding on Sunday, saying it took place nearly two months ago. 'I knew they married on 1 January, and he revealed it later, this is exactly what he did after marrying me and then announcing after two months.' She later took to Twitter to further clarify that both Ms Wattoo and Ms Wattoo's ex-husband, as well as Khan's staff, had confirmed that Khan had met his new wife while married to his second. 'These are the words of those who have been Pir & Mureed [Ms Wattoo and Khan's staff]. Both confirmed he was taking instructions for the last 3 years. Ex-husband of Pir confirmed it too. I was his wife at the time. #Fact' Her claims comes as Khan's Pakistan Taherik-e-Insaf (PTI) party said they planned to contest a general election to be held in July this year. Defeated in the 2013 elections, Khan has spoken of his aspirations of becoming Pakistan's next prime minister following this year's parliamentary elections. In a recent interview, he told AFP he believes this is PTI's 'biggest chance' seizing power. And his new bride comes from a deeply conservative and politically influential family from the eastern Punjab province. PTI spokesman Fawad Chaudhry told AFP the couple had known one another 'for a long time' but declined to provide further details. Khan has previously referred to Wattoo, a mother-of-five in her 40s, as his 'spiritual adviser' and someone whose guidance he valued. Khan's previous weddings, particularly when he wed British socialite Jemima Khan, captivated international tabloids as well as local media in the deeply conservative Muslim nation of 208 million people. In contrast, Sunday's nikah was a low-key and conservative affair. PTI released pictures of a smiling Khan, sitting beside his wife and her relatives. Khan is seen wearing a dark blazer over a traditional white shalwar kameez, while his bride is clad head-to-feet in a grey robe with a red veil covering her face. 'Many congratulations @ImranKhanPTI,' tweeted Shah Mahmood Qureshi, the deputy chairman of Khan's opposition Pakistan Tehreek-e- Insaf (PTI) party. May Allah bless your future life with lots of happiness,' he added. Jemima Goldsmith, who has now returned to her maiden name, is the eldest child of Lady Annabel Goldsmith and Sir James Goldsmith. Jemima was just 21 years old when she met the 42-year-old Imran Khan, and the couple married in 1995 - first in an Islamic ceremony in Paris and then in a civil ceremony in Richmond, London. Having converted to Islam, she followed her new husband to Lahore, Pakistan where she learned to speak Urdu. The couple have two sons, Sulaiman Isa, born in 1996, and Qasim, born in 1999. During their marriage, she established herself as a philanthropist and social campaigner, fighting for the rights of refugees, freedom of information and various political causes. She also began working as a journalist from Pakistan, writing for various British newspapers, and set up a fashion label where the profits were donated to the Shaukat Khanum Memorial Cancer Hospital, named after her mother-in-law. During their marriage she was subjected to abuse by Imran Khan's political opponents or those who disagreed with his involvement in politics. After nine years of marriage, in 2004, the couple announced that they would divorce, citing Jemima's difficulties to settle in Pakistan. Speaking in 2011, Khan said he had realised his ex-wife may have been too young and inexperienced to cope with the challenges of his political career. British-Pakistani Reham Khan was born in Ajdabiya, Libya in 1973. After studies in Pakistan, she began working as a broadcast journalist in the UK in the mid-noughties, including as a weather presenter for BBC South Today. After moving to Pakistan in 2012, she met Imran Khan when she interviewed him for a local TV show. The following year, in 2013, she began presenting a news programme called NewsOne, and continued to work in TV journalism. Her relationship with Imran Khan remained secret until the end of 2014 when Jemima Goldsmith announced she was going to return to her maiden name because Imran was going to remarry. They couple married in January 2015 in a ceremony at his Islamabad home, but divorced ten months later. After the divorce, Reham revealed that she - like Jemima - had been subjected to a hate campaign in Pakistan and that their marriage had not survived it. The journalist wrote in the Guardian that she had faced 'a barrage of abuse' for marrying a man 'idolised' in his homeland by millions. Reham Khan, who has kept her married name, writes on her website that her attention is now focused on 'social work and humanitarian efforts in Pakistan'. On Monday, Khan took to Twitter to thank his supporters for their good wishes. 'I want to thank everyone for their prayers and good wishes on my marriage,' he wrote. Khan is beloved by millions across Pakistan after winning the cricket-obsessed country its only World Cup in 1992. Little is known about Bushra Wattoo, a mother-of-five who divorced her first husband last year. She is said to be Imran Khan's 'spiritual healer' and the pair reportedly met two years ago during an election campaign. Wattoo, who is also known as 'Pinki', comes from a deeply conservative family from eastern Punjab. Before their relationship, Khan had sought her out for spiritual healing. Earlier this year, local media reported that Khan caused the divorce between Wattoo and her ex-husband Khawar Fareed Maneka, something which Mr Maneka later denied. But he has sought to shed the playboy reputation of his younger years and has built a large political following in the northern parts of Pakistan, especially with the conservative Pashtun population. Over the past year he has also seen his political stock rise following the ouster of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif through judicial proceedings that Khan had championed. Pakistan's Supreme Court disqualified Mr Sharif from office last year for concealing financial assets. Khan has cultivated an image of pious devotion in the run up to the general elections but his political rivals and media have often mocked his colourful personal life. Last month, Khan responded to feverish media speculation about his marriage proposal by lashing out against political opponents and urging others to be respectful to Watto's 'very conservative' family. 'All I ask of my well-wishers and supporters is that they pray I find personal happiness which, except for a few years, I have been deprived of,' Khan tweeted on January 9. Khan's first marriage to Jemima Golddsmith, the daughter of the financier James Goldsmith, ended in 2004. The couple wed in 1995 and have two sons. The split was attributed to the difficulties she faced in Pakistan, where she was hounded for her family's Jewish ancestry, and to his obsession with politics. Khan's second marriage ended after nine months in 2015, following a whirlwind romance with former BBC journalist Reham Khan. She had been widely criticised after appearing at public meetings of PTI, with opponents accusing her of seeking to boost her own profile through her husband's fame. Khan, born in Lahore into a comfortable family with origins in the Pashtun northwest, was educated at Pakistan's prestigious Aitchison College, at boarding school in England and then at Oxford University. He became one of the world's greatest ever all-rounders - a fearsome fast bowler and dangerous batsman - whose finest hour came at the 1992 World Cup, where at the age of 39 he led an inexperienced team to the title. 
965950181123510274	2018-02-20 14:04:04	https://t.co/I4AMmcQiwF	Zoo visitors giggle as orangutan cleans the window of her enclosure with her LIPS https://t.co/I4AMmcQiwF	 Mandi the orangutan is getting her spring cleaning on nice and early at Germany's Allwetter Zoo. Adorable video shows the ape cleaning like a pro, wiping the glass windows clean with her mouth. She seems determined to make the windows sparkle as she feverishly moves her lips up and down the glass enclosure. Visitors to the Allwetter Zoo in Munster were left highly amused as Mandi pressed her lips up against the glass and tried to suck the moisture off. She is then seen wiping the surface clean with her forearm. The video was taken by visitor Suzan van der Heeden, 47. The caterer, who was born in the Netherlands but lives in Germany, said: 'It was a real joy and very entertaining to see the orangutan licking water from the window. 'It was around noon and the window was in the shake, and with the sun shining it was covered in moisture. Ms Heeden added: 'She did it two or three times for about 30 seconds each time.' According to the Allwetter Zoo, Mandi was born in 1999 and is 'very smart and always up for a joke.' She is a Borneo orangutan who arrived at the zoo in 2010 after moving from Beauval, a zoo in central France. Mandi has a little boy named Mister Miyagi. 
965946904407404546	2018-02-20 13:51:03	https://t.co/SyGFKTMREO	Chef, 17, shows off incredible knife-spinning techniques with just one hand while BLINDFOLDED https://t.co/SyGFKTMREO	 While some kitchen workers have a special talent with ingredients, others are extremely good with knives, such as this young sous-chef from China. At just 17 years old, he has already impressed the Chinese public with his dangerous knife-spinning stunt. The teenager, who calls himself Mo Aiai, said he taught himself how to 'play with blades' as a hobby after watching tutorials online. Originally from Gansu Province in north-west China, Mo Aiai works in Beijing as a sous-chef. He told MailOnline that he only started out on his knife-spinning training two and a half months ago. But apparently, he has already reached an impressive level. The young worker uploads videos of himself performing the skills almost daily on Chinese live-stream video app Kuaishou. He said he used the app because 'it's fun'. In one clip filmed seven days ago, Mo demonstrated how to juggle a meat cleavers between his fingers with just one hand while blindfolded in his kitchen. Mo remains modest about the video. 'I'm not the best. There are many more people who could do it better than me on Kuaishou,' Mo said. 'My job is busy, so I do my training only when I have time.' He said he had practised the routine over and over again. He only put a cloth over his eyes when he was fully confident about his movements. He started slow before speeding up. Mo said he was not satisfied with the recording because he had apparently made a few mistakes. He also said he would not perform blindfolded in the future because 'it was too dangerous'. 'My hand was cut a few times during the process,' he wrote on his Kuaishou. Mo warned the public to be cautious and not to try the dangerous stunt at home. He said he often gets injured during his training. One time he got a serious cut on his left wrist and had to receive two stitches. Mo explained that he would like to carry on practising and filming himself doing the skills, but right now his biggest wish is to find a 'well-paid job' in Beijing. Like Mo Aiai, millions of young people in China are demonstrating their unique and sometimes bizarre talents through live-stream apps and websites, hoping to find fame and fortune. Tai Zi, the live-streaming director of Tunshou Entertainment in China, told MailOnline: 'A good live-streaming entertainment host could easily earn one million yuan (£114,000) a month.' However, the booming yet competitive industry has been slammed after some hosts went to extreme measures in order to grab the public's attention. Last December, a 26-year-old vlogger died while trying to film himself doing pull-ups on top of a 62-storey skyscraper. In 2016, a 21-year-old woman was jailed for four years after live-streaming herself participating in an orgy online. In the same year, the Chinese government had to ban 'seductive' consumption of bananas during webcam live-streams in an attempt to clamp down on 'inappropriate and erotic' content online. 
965943524360445953	2018-02-20 13:37:37	https://t.co/tDoWXL3JM6	Images of very similar meals reveal how adding extra 'healthy' foods such can DOUBLE the calorie count https://t.co/tDoWXL3JM6	 Food bloggers has revealed how making a very small tweak to a plate of food by serving yourself a slightly larger portion size or adding just a few - supposedly 'healthy' - extra ingredients can double the amount of calories you're consuming. Australian dietician Paula Norris, regularly shares plates of seemingly identical meals on Instagram that prove how you can accidentally ruin your diet with that extra slice of avocado or using just one teaspoon of oil while cooking. One of her snaps shows two plates of steak with rice noodles and a salad of lettuce, cherry tomatoes, avocado and red onion with a soy, lime and sesame oil dressing, which look exactly the same. However, one meal has almost 800 calories due to an extra slice of avocado, an additional teaspoon of sesame oil, and 80g more of untrimmed steak that's been fried in oil, while the second version has just over 400 calories because the steak is grilled and some of the noodles have been replaced with extra veg. Amanda Meixner, 26, from Ohio also regularly shares her meal plans and healthy eating tips with her 476,000 Instagram followers, and has recently posted a series of images showing the calorie difference between two seemingly identical plates of food, inspired by Paula. One image shows two eggs and two eggs whites scrambled with half an avocado on toast and a sliced apple, which amounts to just over 500 calories. But adding the rest of the avocado, two more eggs and a spoonful of peanut butter more than doubles the calorie count to over a 1,000. Meanwhile a 472 calorie snack of yoghurt, dark chocolate, nut butter and berries suddenly becomes almost 900 calories with the addition of 40g more chocolate and 2 extra tablespoons of cashew butter. Their posts seem especially pertinent following the release of figures from the Office for National Statistics showing that British people are underestimating their calorie intake by 50 per cent – fuelling obesity levels. Men typically have 1,000 more calories every day than they account for, while women consumed about 800 more than they estimate, and the more food people consume, the less reliable their estimates are. Meanwhile, data from The Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations shows that the average American consumes more than 3,600 calories daily. If you want to avoid piling extra calories on to your plate, Amanda recommends tricks such as having veggies noodles instead of sweet potatoes or pasta. 'Skip the extra olives or extra fats for more veggies,' she recommended. Swap out some eggs for egg whites - only 17 calories per one.' Isabella Fish for The Daily Mail writes... Britons are underestimating their calorie intake by 50 per cent – fuelling obesity levels, it has emerged. Men typically have 1,000 more calories every day than they account for, while women consumed about 800 more than they estimate, according to figures from the Office for National Statistics. The research also found that the more food Britons consume, the less reliable their estimates are. Experts have suggested that people do not like to ‘be taken for slobs’ and so end up lying to themselves about how much they actually eat. According to the data, men consumed 3,119 calories a day despite claiming that they had only 2,065. The recommended intake for men is 2,500 a day. Women claimed that they consumed an average of 1,570 calories a day – nearly 500 calories less than the recommended intake of 2,000 – but the real figure was in fact 2,393. The data comes as Public Health England (PHE) prepares to launch a new calorie-counting campaign, in order to try to tackle the obesity crisis. A third of children are obese or overweight by the time they leave primary school. The figures suggest that the average person underestimates the number of calories they consume every day, fuelling the epidemic. For the survey, 4,500 adults were asked to keep track of their calorie consumption over four days. The scientists then looked at how much energy the body used in order to calculate the real number of calories consumed. The survey found that 34 per cent of the participants claimed to be consuming less than physically required to stay alive. And the more overweight the people were, the less reliable the account was, according to the research. Tam Fry, of the National Obesity Forum, told the Daily Telegraph: ‘People lie and I am not surprised that they do when it comes to food. They wish not to be taken for slobs, even though they may be just that.’ He said that the new national calorie counting campaign, which is set to begin next month, was an ‘absolutely ridiculous’ attempt to solve the problem because it was unrealistic. The PHE advice in the One You nutrition campaign will tell adults to limit breakfast to 400 calories and dinners and lunches to just 600 calories. The average recommended calorie consumption levels remain at 2,500 calories for men and 2,000 for women, according to those behind the campaign. But the guidance is a ‘rule of thumb’ to try to help Britons cut down the number of calories they consume. The average adult is eating 200 to 250 more calories every day than they should, health officials say. However, the new data suggests that this could be largely underestimated. International research shows that Britain is the fattest country in Western Europe. The rise in obesity levels has been linked to larger portion sizes, changes in diet, junk food, takeaway meals and snacks. 
965939456195772416	2018-02-20 13:21:27	https://t.co/nvX4mKVByx	Iran vows to 'level Tel Aviv to the ground' and KILL Netanyahu if he carries out his threat to attack the country https://t.co/nvX4mKVByx	 Iran has threatened to raze Tel Aviv to the ground and kill Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu if Israel makes 'the slightest unwise move' against the country. The explicit threat came after Netanyahu warned that Israel would 'act against Iran itself' if the country continued to invade their airspace, something which Tehran denies. The Israeli leader took to the stage during the Munich Security Conference last week, brandishing what he claimed to be a part of an Iranian drone. Saying he had 'a message to the tyrants of Tehran', Prime Minister Netanyahu warned: 'Do not test Israel's resolve.' 'We will act if necessary, not just against Iran's proxies that are attacking us but against Iran itself.' In response, Mohsen Rezaee, secretary of Iran's Expediency Discernment Council, an assembly appointed by Supreme Leader Atatolla Khamenei which supervises the government, made similar promises of military action. However, he took it one step further, and made an explicit threat against Netanyahu's life. 'About Netanyahu's unwise words, I should say that if they carry out the slightest unwise move against Iran, we will level Tel Aviv to the ground,' Rezaee told al-Manar TV according to Times of Israel. Rezaei added that Tehran 'will not give Netanyahu any opportunity to flee.' The drone Israel claims belonged to Tehran was shot down on February 10 after it entered the country from Syria. Israel responded with a raid on what Netanyahu's government claims were the Iranian control systems for the craft in Syria. Tehran has denied that the drone belonged to Iran. Speaking in Munich last week, Netanyahu claimed that Iran was trying to take the place of terror organisation Islamic State in Syria and Iraq. 'The unfortunate thing is that as ISIS compresses and Iran moves in, it is trying to establish this continuous empire surrounding the Middle East from the south in Yemen but also trying to create a land bridge from Iran to Iraq, Syria, Lebanon and Gaza.' During the strikes last week, one of Israel's F-16 fighter jets was shot down, believed to be the first loss of an Israeli plane in combat since 1982. Israel's response marked the first time it publicly acknowledged hitting Iranian targets in Syria since the 2011 start of the civil war there. 
965937177812197376	2018-02-20 13:12:24	https://t.co/e4TpZkd4GQ	Tourists in Amsterdam's Red Light District will be ordered to turn their BACKS on sex workers in windows https://t.co/e4TpZkd4GQ	 Tourists in Amsterdam are being told to stop ogling sex workers in the infamous Red Light District. Tour guides will have to ensure that visitors have their backs to the scantily-clad women who pose in full-length windows in brothels. The strict new rules, which come into effect in April, have been put in place by city authorities to crack down on the number of gawping tourists swarming the area. Shouting, alcohol and drug use are also forbidden on the tours and visitors will no longer be allowed to take pictures. Tour operators are also being ordered to tell sightseers to show respect to sex workers and residents of the red light district. Tours must stop at 11pm and are limited to 20 people. Guides who flout the rules will be fined £170 and tour companies face a £840 fine. Amsterdam city chiefs introduced the regulations after a voluntary code of conduct flopped. The Red Light District has come under scrutiny after a string of human trafficking convictions in the Dutch courts exposed horrific conditions endured by women from Eastern Europe. Prostitution is legal in the Netherlands but not on the streets, which is why prostitutes in Amsterdam stand behind the windows to attract business. Amsterdam has three different Red Light Districts but the most famous and popular one is located inside the city centre. A new law, likely to come into force next year, will also make it an offence, punishable by up to four years in jail, for punters to have sex with a prostitute they know – or suspect – has been trafficked. 
965935067196526593	2018-02-20 13:04:00	https://t.co/rXhfv46537	Pervert is caught trying to take an upskirt photo with his phone in a petrol station https://t.co/rXhfv46537	 A man in South Africa has been caught trying to take a picture up a woman's skirt, in disturbing video released by the country's Intelligence Bureau. CCTV shows the incident, which occurred at a busy petrol station in the harbour town of Richards Bay. A woman dressed in a skirt and red sleeveless top is seen waiting in line to pay for her purchases. A barefooted man behind her takes out his phone and puts it underneath her to take a picture, unbeknownst to her. The man clearly does not realise that he is on camera and the security guards, who are heard on the video reacting to the incident, are in disbelief at what he does next. He crouches down behind the woman and slides his phone below her in an attempt to take a photograph or video of up her skirt. It does not take long for the woman to feel the man's presence and she is seen turning around and looking down at the man who looks like he's filming with his phone at her feet. The woman steps back, confused. The man then goes to pretend as if he's doing something else and all is completely normal. The man stands up - doesn't look at the woman - and walks toward the cash where he acts as if he's in a rush to pay. It is not known whether or not the man was reprimanded for the incident but it is clear that the woman did not give consent to have any sort of picture taken. The UK has most notably had its own battle with 'upskirting' - when a photograph is taken up a woman's skirt without her knowledge. Campaigners in Britain are trying to make upskirting an illegal offense following a young woman's battle with two men who were taking non-consensual pictures of her at the British Summer Time festival last year. The young woman, Gigi Martin, said police wouldn't bring charges against the two men because she was wearing underwear and this does not violate the Sexual Offenses Act. 
965931807014375424	2018-02-20 12:51:03	https://t.co/7TqYr4oTJ4	Footage emerges of newly discovered population of red handfish that wanders across the seabed on its limbs https://t.co/7TqYr4oTJ4	 Incredible images and footage has revealed a new population of what is believed to be the world's rarest fish. Stunning clips show the Red Handfish sitting on the seabed using its hands like flippers to walk along it. Fascinating close-ups show the rarely seen red and orange fish as it navigates its way past some plants. This second population of the rare fish was discovered by Tasmanian scientists, sparking hopes of a breeding program that could boost the species' chance of survival. The tiny red handfish, which 'walks' on modified fins across the seabed, is found only off the Apple Isle's southeast coast. It was thought a group of 20-40 fish at Frederick Henry Bay was the last remaining. That was until last month. Divers from the Institute of Marine and Antarctic Studies (IMAS) launched a search mission using third-hand GPS co-ordinates after a tip-off from a member of the public. They spent two days trawling the ocean floor and almost gave up. 'Just by chance I saw the end of a tail of a red handfish hidden under some algae and that was it,' IMAS diver Antonia Cooper said. 'We were diving for approximately three and a half hours and at about the two hour mark we were all looking at each other thinking this is not looking promising. 'My dive partner went to tell the other divers that we were going to start heading in and I was half-heartedly flicking algae around when, lo and behold, I found a red handfish. 'Finding a new population that is definitely distinct from the existing one is very exciting. 'It means there's potentially a bigger gene pool and also that there are potentially other populations out there that we're yet to find, so it's very exciting indeed.' Seven more handfish were spotted tucked under seaweed. It is thought 20-40 fish are living at the undisclosed location, effectively doubling the species' total population. IMAS scientist Rick Stuart-Smith described the find as 'huge', adding that the handfish's lethargic nature makes them hard to find. 'You have to pretty much lift up the individual piece of seaweed that they're sitting under to find them,' he said. 'They feel very exposed when you move their piece of seaweed and hug the bottom.' He added: 'Finding this second population is a huge relief as it effectively doubles how many we think are left on the planet. 'We've already learned a lot from finding this second population because their habitat isn't identical to that of the first population, so we can take some heart from knowing Red Handfish are not as critically dependent on that particular set of local conditions.' The red handfish, thought common in Tasmanian waters in the 1800s, has been pushed to the brink of extinction by habitat degradation and low breeding rates. It grows no bigger than 10cm and doesn't venture outside an area roughly the size of two tennis courts. Dr Stuart-Smith said the recent discovery could lead to a captive breeding program and has researchers optimistic more red handfish are out there. 'It was considered too risky to remove any egg masses or individuals because it could be the last population,' he said. 'There's going to be a re-discussion (about breeding).' The similar endangered spotted handfish, also found only in Tasmania, is being bred in captivity. 
965927778548936704	2018-02-20 12:35:03	https://t.co/3rUd8rYrEa	Brazilian crime victim calmly waits for ambulance with blade buried between his shoulders https://t.co/3rUd8rYrEa	 This is the unbelievable moment a young man appears calm and unperturbed despite a large kitchen knife sticking out of his back. Elionardo Nascimento had been enjoying a drink in a pub in Brasileia, a rural town in north Brazil, when an assailant ran up behind him and plunged a blade between his shoulder blades. The 22-year-old narrowly survived the horrendous attack because the blade failed to hit major organs and missed his spinal column by millimeters, surgeons said. Scroll down for video Images hows Mr Nascimento standing by the side of the road, seemingly unbothered by the knife stuck between his shoulder-blades, and the blood pouring down his back. Mr Nascimento claimed the attack was unprovoked as he 'didn't know the person behind the assault and had not argued with anyone that night.' Footage of the incident shows the labourer with the wooden-hilted kitchen knife embedded in his back and his red tee-shirt drenched with blood. In the film, locals are heard comforting the victim as they tell him to keep calm because an ambulance is coming and warn him not to fall down but to stay upright and awake. Mr Nascimento, who is recovering in Rio Branco Emergency Hospital after successful surgery to remove the weapon, said: 'I don't know why this happened. I wasn't involved in a fight or an argument. 'I had just come out of the pub to talk to some friends and was standing around outside with a drink in my hand, when a guy ran up, stabbed me in the back and ran off. 'I didn't even see him approach. I just felt a punch in my back which nearly knocked me off my feet. 'I was a bit confused as to what had just happened and when a friend took a look and told me I had a knife in my back, I couldn't believe it. 'At the time, I didn't feel any pain, I think I must have been in a state of shock. But I knew I had to keep upright and calm. 'There was no point panicking as this would only have made the situation worse than it was already.' By the time cops arrived, the victim had been given a chair and was able to walk a few steps to it to sit down while waiting for the ambulance. Detective Karlesso Nespoli said: 'We were surprised to find the victim alert and not panicking. His composure certainly helped him to stay alive. 'Elionardo was able to tell us what happened, and our preliminary investigations found the knife was new and had only recently been bought. 'At the time of the attack, nobody ran after the suspect as they didn't immediately realise what he had done. 'We are treating this as attempted murder and we have identified a suspect and a warrant is out for his arrest,' Det Nespoli added. The victim's aunt, Reginilda da Cruz Araújo, 41, revealed her nephew is out of intensive care and on the way to making a full recovery. She said: 'Elionardo is a quiet person, hardworking and has never been in a fight with anyone. This has really scared us because we can't understand why he was targeted by someone who he has never exchanged a cross word with. 'My nephew came close to dying and we are thankful that he was strong and fit enough to survive this cowardly act,' the aunt added. Doctors reported that Mr Nascimento is already trying to walk and he may not suffer any long term damage or side effects from the attack. 
965926277533372416	2018-02-20 12:29:05	https://t.co/H5nqoB4qJp	Horrifying moment bouncy castle full of children is blown upside down by a gust of strong wind in China https://t.co/H5nqoB4qJp	 A bouncy castle full of children was blown upside down by a gust of strong wind in a Chinese city as many parents brought their sons and daughters out to play during a major national holiday. Three children were injured by the incident which took place on February 17 in Guizhou Province, south-east China, according to local reports. Two of the children are said to be seriously injured. According to Chinese news site on.cc, the incident happened on the Huangping County Cultural Plaza in the city of Kaili, a city of around 500,000 people. The large inflatable castle had reportedly been set up by a private business. As the incident occurred, parents watching from the sidelines had apparently noticed the wind picking up, but many left their son and daughters on the structure believing that it had been properly tied down. Footage shared on social media shows one side of the bouncy castle suddenly being lifted off the ground by the wind, flipping the entire structure over. Some children rolled onto the public square and were unharmed, while the three injured children are thought to have fallen from a height of at least 30 feet during the terrifying ordeal. Two of the injured children are still receiving treatment for more serious injuries, while the bouncy castle has been shut down and is now under investigation by local authorities. Video taken in the aftermath of the incident showed one of the injured boys, whose mum can be heard yelling at him: 'I told you to stop playing on it!' The incident took place on the second day of the Chinese Lunar New Year, when millions of families around the country go out to celebrate the major festival. The police are yet to release a statement. 
965924753415557120	2018-02-20 12:23:01	https://t.co/4UWLR3zJmZ	Shopper is fined £184,000 for trying to avoid paying £40 for veal at a self-service checkout in Germany https://t.co/4UWLR3zJmZ	 A shopper has been fined £184,000 for trying to avoid paying £40 for a piece of veal at a self-service checkout in Germany. The businessman was convicted of theft after being caught trying to pass off the calf liver as cheaper fruit, paying a fraction of the cost at a supermarket in Munich. The 58-year-old, who has not been named, had done the same thing three times before, according to German media. Munich's district court based the huge fine on the man's monthly income of 24,000 euros. He was released from jail, where he had been held since the theft in December. It later emerged that the businessman had past convictions for theft and had been released from jail in 2017 after serving two prison sentences over tax evasion. Munich court spokesman Klaus-Peter Juengst said on Tuesday that the defendant did not appeal the verdict, which was issued last month. Calf liver is often found on menus in and around the Bavarian capital in southern Germany. 
965922246152933376	2018-02-20 12:13:04	https://t.co/TQTFH5sIMS	South African mother rushes outside to wash her hair in a rainstorm amid country's severe drought https://t.co/TQTFH5sIMS	 This woman celebrated rainfall in Cape Town after three years of drought by washing her hair in the middle of the street during the downpour. The South African city has been warned by officials that they could completely run out of water in the area as early as May. Trudie Loots was so ecstatic by the wet weather that she excitedly dashed out to clean her car and even lathered up her hair as well. The mother-of-three was filmed by her son, Jaco, as she danced around in the thunderstorm rejoicing the change in forecast last week. The drought-stricken city is headed for 'Day Zero' which is when the taps are still expected to run dry and it is yet to be reported whether the rainstorm will delay the date. Trudie said: 'I was just so ecstatic that the rain came. 'For weeks, my family has been having our 60 second showers at the gym, as we are all trying to conserve water. We have to use left over shower water to flush the toilets. 'I couldn't believe it when the rain came. 'My son, Jaco, was inside playing video games when he heard me whooping and giggling. He looked outside and saw me washing the tarmac. 'He thought it was really funny so started filming - I couldn't care less who saw me though. 'If we get more rain, I will wash the dogs next time!' The last rainfall was January 22 and the drought has been ongoing for three years so the rain was cause for celebration. South Africa has been suffering a national emergency as riverbeds dry up and families' businesses struggle. Restaurant diners reportedly rushed outside to stand in the rain and others stockpiled buckets of water from gutters to be used for washing. Officials haven’t announced whether the brief downpour was enough to delay the date set for 'Day Zero', which is currently May 11. The city received between 2 millimetres and 10 millimetres of rainfall but satellite images of Cape Town's largest reservoir Theewaterskloor Dam show it is still at dangerously low levels, reports CNN. This vast dammed reservoir supplies almost two-thirds of the water for Cape Town, a city of four million people at centre of South African agriculture. Yet it is only at 11.7 per cent capacity after the region’s worst drought in more than a century. It is expected that the water will drop below the level it needs to be to flow into the supply pipes that take it into the city. Africa’s tenth biggest city is facing an unprecedented crisis. Rigid water restrictions on businesses, farms and households have helped hold disaster at bay – but it may not be enough. Schools and hospitals are expected to continue receiving water after Day Zero, according to officials, who have said contingency plans have been made.
965919731789303808	2018-02-20 12:03:04	https://t.co/r8LRqlmwtT	Zaps to the ankle may boost a woman's libido more than foreplay https://t.co/r8LRqlmwtT	 Zaps to the ankle may boost women's libido more than foreplay. Sending electrical signals from the foot to the base of the spine could increase women's sex drive by sending a surge of blood to their genitalia, according to researchers. In less than 30 minutes, women experience a tickling tingle that may leave them more aroused. Study author Professor Tim Bruns from Michigan University, said: 'If stimulation is repeated over three months, it could lead to better blood flow and nerve connections to the vagina. 'It would improve symptoms of genital arousal disorder.' Studies are in development to analyse the impact of such zaps on 30 women's sex drives, which the scientists hope will lead to the development of a cheaper alternative to medication. Nearly half of women experience loss of libido at some point in their lives. Loss of libido is a reduced sex drive. Past research suggests it affects nearly half of all women at some point in their lives. It is often linked to relationship issues, stress or tiredness, but could also indicate an underlying health problem. Sex drives vary person-to-person with no libido being 'normal', however, if it is affecting your relationship, it may be worth seeking help from a GP or psychosexual therapist. Common causes: Source: NHS Choices How does it work? A thin needle is inserted into women's ankles where it gives off an electrical current. This passes along the tibial nerve, which runs to the bottom of the spine. In theory, this will improve blood supply to women's intimate areas, boosting their sex drive. It is unclear if the treatment has any side effects or when future studies are due to begin. The researchers got the idea for the treatment after discovering it improves sex for women suffering from incontinence. 'Kiss hormone' paves the way for new libido treatment This comes after research released last month suggested the discovery of a brain chemical that fuels sex drive and could help women achieve better orgasms. Kisspeptin, which is better known as the 'kiss hormone', has previously been linked to puberty and fertility, but research implies it could benefit women suffering from extremely low sex drives, or hypoactive sexual desire disorder (HSDD). Testosterone is sometimes given to improve women's desires between the sheets, however, this can cause 'male' side effects, including facial hair and a deeper voice. Kisspeptin's potential complications are unclear. Study author Professor Julie Bakker from Liege University, Belgium, said: 'There are no good treatments available for women suffering from low sexual desire. 'The discovery that kisspeptin controls both attraction and sexual desire opens up exciting new possibilities for the development of treatments for low sexual desire.' HSDD is thought to affect up to 40 per cent of women at some point in their lives in the US and UK. Five-to-15 per cent suffer continuously. 
965917217266204672	2018-02-20 11:53:05	https://t.co/ifTwYyzdtf	Genes from 'handsome' Taino Native Americans are found in modern-day Puerto Ricans https://t.co/ifTwYyzdtf	 A 1,000-year-old tooth has provided genetic evidence that the first natives to meet Columbus in the New World have living descendants in the Caribbean. DNA from the Taino people, who were thought to have been wiped out after Europeans arrived in the Bahamas in 1492, has been found in modern-day Puerto Ricans. The new research provides the first concrete proof that indigenous ancestry in the Caribbean has survived to the present day. Previously, it was thought the 'handsome' Taino people were wiped out shortly after Christopher Columbus arrived in the Caribbean. The tooth used in the new study was found on the island of Eleuthera in the Bahamas, and marks the first complete ancient human genome from the Caribbean. It belonged to a Taino woman who lived sometime between the 8th and 10th centuries, at least 500 years before Columbus's arrival. Comparing the ancient genes to those of contemporary Puerto Ricans, scientists found they were more closely related to the ancient Taíno than any other indigenous group in the Americas. However, the researchers, from Cambridge and Copenhagen Universities, argue that this characteristic is unlikely to be exclusive to Puerto Ricans alone. When Columbus arrived in the New World the 15th Century, he described the Taino as a generous people. 'They will give all that they do possess for anything that is given to them, exchanging things even for bits of broken crockery,' he noted upon meeting them in the Bahamas in 1492. 'They were very well built, with very handsome bodies and very good faces....They do not carry arms or know them....They should be good servants.' The Taíno were an indigenous American people who were among the first to feel the impact of European colonisation after Columbus arrived in the New World in 1492. They lived in dense, well-organised communities across the Caribbean, and were known for their expert farming and generosity. The group had origins in South America among the Arawak tribes of the vast Orinoco River Delta in eastern Venezuela. They gradually spread across the Antilles in waves of voyages, and began settling in the Caribbean around 400 BC. Mingling with groups already established in the region, they formed communities on the island of Hispaniola, Jamaica, eastern Cuba, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands and the Bahamas. They cultivated maize, sweet potatoes, beans, yuca and other crops for food, medicine and even weaponry - Spanish chroniclers wrote that the Taíno developed pepper gas for warfare. When Columbus arrived in the 15th Century, he described them as a generous people. 'They will give all that they do possess for anything that is given to them, exchanging things even for bits of broken crockery,' he noted upon meeting them in the Bahamas in 1492. 'They were very well built, with very handsome bodies and very good faces....They do not carry arms or know them....They should be good servants.' Few of the Taíno were left a half-century later, wiped out by European disease and the slave trade, and it was thought for centuries they had gone extinct. Few of the Taíno were left a half-century later, wiped out by European disease and the slave trade, and it was thought for centuries they had gone extinct. The new findings are likely to be significant for people who have long claimed indigenous Taíno heritage. While historians, archaeologists and descendant communities had claimed the Taíno weren't extinct for decades, until now they lacked clear genetic evidence to support their case. Lead author Dr Hannes Schroeder, from the University of Copenhagen, said: 'It's a fascinating finding. 'Many history books will tell you that the indigenous population of the Caribbean was all but wiped out, but people who self-identify as Taíno have always argued for continuity. 'Now we know they were right all along: There has been some form of genetic continuity in the Caribbean.' Study co-author Professor Eske Willerslev, from the, University of Cambridge, said: 'It has always been clear that people in the Caribbean have Native American ancestry, but because the region has such a complex history of migration, it was difficult to prove whether this was specifically indigenous to the Caribbean, until now.' The researchers were also able to trace the genetic origins of the Taíno people. They showed that they were most closely related to Arawakan-speaking groups who live in parts of northern South America today. This suggests that the origins of at least some the people who migrated to the Caribbean can be traced back to the Amazon and Orinoco Basins, where the Arawakan languages developed. The Caribbean was one of the last parts of the Americas to be populated by humans starting around 8,000 years ago. By the time of European colonisation, the islands were a complex patchwork of different societies and cultures. The 'Taíno' culture was dominant in the Greater, and parts of the Lesser Antilles, as well as the Bahamas, where the people were known as Lucayans. To trace the genetic origins of the Lucayans the researchers compared the ancient Bahamian genome with previously published genome-wide datasets for over 40 present-day indigenous groups from the Americas. In addition, they looked for traces of indigenous Caribbean ancestry in present-day populations by comparing the ancient genome with those of 104 contemporary Puerto Ricans included in the 1000 Genomes Project. The 10-15 per cent of Native American ancestry in this group was shown to be closely related to the ancient Bahamian genome. Although indigenous Caribbean communities were island-based, the researchers found very little genomic evidence of isolation or inbreeding in the ancient genome. This reinforces earlier genetic research, which suggests that early human communities developed surprisingly extensive social networks. Professor Corinne Hofman from Leiden University and PI of the NEXUS1492 project, said: 'Archaeological evidence has always suggested that large numbers of people who settled the Caribbean originated in South America, and that they maintained social networks that extended far beyond the local scale. 'Historically, it has been difficult to back this up with ancient DNA because of poor preservation, but this study demonstrates that it is possible to obtain ancient genomes from the Caribbean and that opens up fascinating new possibilities for research.'
965904393940938753	2018-02-20 11:02:07	https://t.co/QLRW2GkxmF	Pervert is caught trying to take an upskirt photo with his phone in a petrol station https://t.co/QLRW2GkxmF	 A man in South Africa has been caught trying to take a picture up a woman's skirt, in disturbing video released by the country's Intelligence Bureau. CCTV shows the incident, which occurred at a busy petrol station in the harbour town of Richards Bay. A woman dressed in a skirt and red sleeveless top is seen waiting in line to pay for her purchases. A barefooted man behind her takes out his phone and puts it underneath her to take a picture, unbeknownst to her. The man clearly does not realise that he is on camera and the security guards, who are heard on the video reacting to the incident, are in disbelief at what he does next. He crouches down behind the woman and slides his phone below her in an attempt to take a photograph or video of up her skirt. It does not take long for the woman to feel the man's presence and she is seen turning around and looking down at the man who looks like he's filming with his phone at her feet. The woman steps back, confused. The man then goes to pretend as if he's doing something else and all is completely normal. The man stands up - doesn't look at the woman - and walks toward the cash where he acts as if he's in a rush to pay. It is not known whether or not the man was reprimanded for the incident but it is clear that the woman did not give consent to have any sort of picture taken. The UK has most notably had its own battle with 'upskirting' - when a photograph is taken up a woman's skirt without her knowledge. Campaigners in Britain are trying to make upskirting an illegal offense following a young woman's battle with two men who were taking non-consensual pictures of her at the British Summer Time festival last year. The young woman, Gigi Martin, said police wouldn't bring charges against the two men because she was wearing underwear and this does not violate the Sexual Offenses Act. 
965899344720416771	2018-02-20 10:42:03	https://t.co/noyjRozGNr	Google AI can predict your risk of heart disease simply by scanning yours eyes https://t.co/noyjRozGNr	 A new robot created by Google reads your retinas to assess your risk of heart disease. The machine analyses scans of the back of your eye to accurately predict risk factors including age, blood pressure, and whether or not you smoke. It then uses this data to analyse your risk of suffering a life-threatening cardiac event, such as a heart attack. The device, powered by artificial intelligence, is far less invasive than a traditional diagnostic blood test but is just as accurate, according to Google. Google worked with California-based health-tech subsidiary Verily to create the AI algorithm, which tracked blood vessels at the back of the eye. Previous research has shown that the shape and size of retinal vessels reflect a person's overall health, including their risk of heart disease and stroke. Patients with a high blood pressure or who smoke are more likely to have weaker, thinner and damaged vessels than young and healthy individuals. Using retinal images, Google says it was able to quantify this link and predict a patient's risk of a heart attack or other major cardiovascular event. The algorithm was able to tell whether or not a patient would suffer a cardiovascular event in the next five years with a 70 per cent accuracy rate, Google said. The results were similar to those achieved via testing methods that require blood be drawn to measure a patient’s cholesterol, which are typically 72 per cent accurate. Study coauthor Dr Michael McConnell, a medical researcher at Verily, said: 'Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death globally. 'There’s a strong body of research that helps us understand what puts people at risk: Daily behaviours including exercise and diet in combination with genetic factors, age, ethnicity, and biological sex all contribute. 'However, we don’t precisely know in a particular individual how these factors add up, so in some patients we may perform sophisticated tests ... to help better stratify an individual’s risk for having a cardiovascular event such as a heart attack or stroke. 'This paper demonstrates that deep learning applied to a retinal fundus image, a photograph that includes the blood vessels of the eye, can frequently predict these risk factors – from smoking status to blood pressure – as well as predict the occurrence of a future major cardiovascular event on par with current measures.' AI systems rely on artificial neural networks (ANNs), which try to simulate the way the brain works in order to learn. ANNs can be trained to recognise patterns in information - including speech, text data, or visual images - and are the basis for a large number of the developments in AI over recent years. Conventional AI uses input to 'teach' an algorithm about a particular subject by feeding it massive amounts of information. Practical applications include Google's language translation services, Facebook's facial recognition software and Snapchat's image altering live filters. The process of inputting this data can be extremely time consuming, and is limited to one type of knowledge. A new breed of ANNs called Adversarial Neural Networks pits the wits of two AI bots against each other, which allows them to learn from each other. This approach is designed to speed up the process of learning, as well as refining the output created by AI systems. The researchers trained the algorithm using a dataset of nearly 300,000 patients, including eye scans and general medical data. The robot used a deep learning analysis to spot patterns in this information, learning to link telltale signs in the eye scans with the metrics needed to predict disease risk, such as age or blood pressure. Google said its AI is a proof of concept for now, with any practical implications in medicine 'years away', according to study coauthor Dr Lily Peng. She told USA Today: 'It's not just when it's going to be used, but how it's going to be used. 'I am very excited about what this means for discovery. 'We hope researchers in other places will take what we have and build on it.' 
965896589918261249	2018-02-20 10:31:07	https://t.co/QcY3OTyWp6	Blue whale carcass on beach is stomped on by people taking selfies and covered in GRAFFITI saying 'Ana I love you https://t.co/QcY3OTyWp6	 A blue whale carcass has been stomped on by people taking selfies and covered in graffiti after it washed up on a beach in Chile. The huge 66ft whale created a stir among locals after it was discovered on the shoreline of Punta Arenas in the Magallanes Region of the country. But pictures soon emerged online showing people clambering on the dead mammal's body and trampling on its back. Footprints could be seen on its carcass and one online picture showed how someone had scrawled 'Ana, I love you' on its flank. Furious social media users have hit out at the 'vandals'. One, called Carmen Julia Gonzalez Escanilla, said: 'We are losing respect and empathy for everything today.' Xieman Hernandez added: 'So stupid, every day we get worse. How would the people who did this like to have their dead bodies written on? They do not respect anything!' The whale has now been taken away by Chilean authorities to establish its cause of death. Initial reports suggest that it could have died from an illness or possibly following a collision with a ship, although it displayed no obvious signs of physical injury. Marine specialists will report on their investigation into the blue whale's death later this week. The blue whale is the largest animal known to have ever existed, however they are difficult to weigh because of their enormity. The heaviest blue whale recorded weighed 190 metric tonnes and was a southern hemisphere female. 
965893312929566720	2018-02-20 10:18:05	https://t.co/j5DPe2utJm	Meet the professional abseilers who scale dizzying skyscrapers, bridges and radio masts https://t.co/j5DPe2utJm	 If you've got a fear of heights, then this job certainly isn't for you. Høyden, which is based in Oslo, Norway, employs a team of around 20 abseilers who spend their days scaling some of Norway's highest heights to carry out maintenance and repair work. Dizzying images provided exclusively to MailOnline Travel show the troop of technicians at work, putting their faith in ropes as they dangle from bridges and skyscrapers. One shot shows a team of climbers on the Farris Bridge in the Norwegian county of Vestfold, spidering their way up the central concrete tower, which measures 230 feet. Another vertigo-inducing photo captures some abseilers working on Posthuset, which is the second tallest building in Oslo, measuring 364 feet. Martin Halvorsen, a project manager for Høyden, explained that 'these guys are all adventurers and love to live'. A professional abseiler can earn up to £50,000 per year and many supplement their income with mountain guiding. Halvorsen says many of the abseilers are multi-skilled, too, with some working part-time as welders, engineers and electricians. The majority are men but increasing numbers of women are being roped into the trade. The climbers are required to do rope access training, which teaches them how to ascend, descend and set the ropes up to exacting standards. They are also trained around how to perform rescues. Halvorsen says the courses are expensive, starting at around £3,000, and it takes time to move through the different stages. But once they've passed the final level, the climbers are ready to hit the heights. Halvorsen says the work can be exhilarating, with the opportunity to navigate famous bridges and buildings, from banks to theatres. The main job of the abseilers is do 'anything if it's hard to reach'. Halvorsen continues: 'The work can range from changing a lightbulb to mounting heavy steel plates 328 feet high dangling over water. 'We've also done things linked to nature, like mounting a camera over an eagle's nest.' Asked what the best qualities are needed to be a commercial abseiler, Halvorsen concluded: 'You must be a good planner and obviously be good with heights! 'It's also important to be safety-conscious. We haven't had any accidents yet.' Compared to other methods, Høyden, which was founded in 2010, says rope access is more cost-effective and more environmentally-friendly than using mechanical hoists and lifts. 
965891312510799873	2018-02-20 10:10:08	https://t.co/4cbuNs3sIs	Child corpses lay piled up after Assad's bloodiest airstrikes for three years https://t.co/4cbuNs3sIs	 Piled up on the floor of a make-shift morgue, these are the child victims of Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad's bloodiest airstrikes for three years. Harrowing pictures show the wrapped-up bodies of some of the 20 boys and girls killed in a devastating bombardment of Syria's eastern Ghouta rebel-held enclave. The children were among more than 100 people who died in the pro-government airstrikes on Monday, making it the heaviest one-day death toll from airstrikes in the region since 2015, according to the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Distressing images show the corpses of young victims wrapped in blood-stained sheets on the floor of what looks like a medical facility. They emerged in the wake of rocket strikes and shelling on a rebel-held suburb of the capital, Damascus. Warplanes, helicopter gunships and missiles were used in the attack. The United Nations has called for an immediate ceasefire in the area on Monday, saying the situation was 'spiralling out of control' after an 'extreme escalation in hostilities'. But today, fresh air strikes hit the area killing 45 civilians. The targeted suburbs - scattered across an area known as eastern Ghouta - have been subjected to weeks-long bombardment that has killed and wounded hundreds of people. The Union of Medical Care and Relief Organisations, a coalition of international agencies that funds hospitals in Syria, said bombs had hit five hospitals in the area on Monday. Opposition activists say government forces have brought in more reinforcements in recent days, suggesting a major assault is imminent to recapture the area. Both the Observatory and the opposition-affiliated Syrian Civil Defense, also known as White Helmets, reported more airstrikes and shelling on Tuesday in eastern Ghouta as rebels pounded Damascus with mortar shells in retaliation. Rebels hit some Damascus neighborhoods with mortar shells, killing one person and wounding six people, according to the state news agency SANA. On Tuesday morning, Damascus residents reported shelling on areas in central Damascus. 'Shells are falling like rain. We are hiding in the corridor,' a Damascus resident told The Associated Press, asking that her name not be mentioned for her own safety. She spoke while hiding in the corridor of an office building. Videos have surfaced from the eastern suburbs showing paramedics pulling out the injured from under the rubble while others are seen franticly digging through the debris in the dark, in search for survivors. 'The humanitarian situation of civilians in East Ghouta is spiraling out of control,' said Panos Moumtzis, the U.N. regional humanitarian coordinator for the Syria crisis, in a statement late Monday. 'It's imperative to end this senseless human suffering now. Such targeting of innocent civilians and infrastructure must stop now,' he said. The violence in eastern Ghouta is part of a wider escalation in warfare on several fronts in Syria in recent months as President Bashar al-Assad pushes to end the seven-year rebellion against him. Assad's most powerful ally, Russia, has been pushing a diplomatic track at the same time as the increase in fighting, resulting in the establishment of several 'de-escalation zones'. Eastern Ghouta is in one of these areas, where violence is meant to be contained, but the agreement does not include a former al Qaeda affiliate which has a small presence there. Other insurgent groups in eastern Ghouta, including Islamist factions, say the Syrian government and Russia are using the jihadist presence as a pretext to continue their bombardment. Neither the Syrian military nor Russia commented on the renewed bombardment in eastern Ghouta, but they have often said they do not target civilians. The Observatory said the intensified bombing was in preparation for a pro-government ground offensive against the enclave and that a rebel group there had foiled an attempt by Syria's army to advance at al-Marj overnight. 
965891035502120963	2018-02-20 10:09:02	https://t.co/pZjwS3C71c	Frightening moment schoolchildren flee as cloud of ash spews 5,000 metres into the air from volcano https://t.co/pZjwS3C71c	 This is the frightening moment schoolchildren fled for their lives as huge plumes of volcanic ash spewed from Indonesia's Mount Sinabung. Locals could only watch in horror as the screams of hundreds of children echoed through Tiga Pancur village in North Sumatra. The colossal ash cloud shot five kilometres into the air, with the plume appearing to head towards the Sipandak elementary students. The volcano, one of three currently erupting in Indonesia, was dormant for four centuries before exploding in 2010, killing two people. Another eruption in 2014 killed 16 people, while seven died in a 2016 eruption. There were no fatalities or injuries from the latest morning, the National Disaster Mitigation Agency said. Airlines have been issued a 'red notice', barring them from flying over parts of Indonesia because of the eruption. A Jetstar spokesman told Daily Mail Australia the eruption has not affected any of their flights. A Qantas spokeswoman said none of their flights had been affected either. Incredible video footage showed the North Sumatra volcano erupting which caused dangerous ash rain to fall. While there have been no casualties, local residents have been warned to watch out for lava. The mountain which usually stands against a picturesque scene, has been at its highest alert level after its eruption four years ago. The Indonesian National Disaster Mitigation Agency have warned against locals getting near the danger zone which is within three to seven-kilometres around Mount Sinabung's crater. Authorities feared lava flows could cascade down the mountain and destroy homes, as has happened several times. The volcano explodes so frequently, warning signs are permanently stationed around it warning against going near it. Sinabung is located on the 'Ring of Fire', a volatile zone of seismic activity with hundreds of active volcanoes and 90 per cent of the world's earthquakes. 
965889029886676994	2018-02-20 10:01:04	https://t.co/NwGAW5WG1m	Driver has acid INJECTED into his eyes in revenge attack after running off with his boss's wife https://t.co/NwGAW5WG1m	 A tractor driver in India has been blinded after a gang of attackers allegedly injected acid into his eyes in revenge for his affair with his boss's wife. Doctors say Gautam Kumar Choudhary, 30, has lost 90 per cent of his vision after the alleged attack in the Begusarai district of the country's north-eastern Bihar state. Mr Choudhary, from the Samastipur district of Bihar, says his assailants were punishing him for his affair with Archana Devi, his farmer boss Dayaram Singh's wife. The pair ran away together earlier this month but returned after just 10 days. Mother-of-two Ms Devi was brought back after her husband told police of her disappearance, Gulf News India reported. Mr Choudhary says Pankaj Singh, his boss's brother, called him posing as a policeman and told him to go to the police station in the village of Teghra to get her. 'I hired a vehicle from my native village and left for Begusarai. But I was kidnapped about one kilometre (0.6 miles) from the police station,' he said. He claims a group of men including Pankaj Singh frogmarched him to a roadside motel then injected acid into his eyes. 'My cries for help fell on deaf ears. I fainted,' he told police. Mr Choudhary says he was then dumped in a ditch by the roadside and left to die, but a motorist spotted him lying in a pool of blood and drove him to hospital. He has formally accused Pankaj Singh, Kundan Singh, Manish Singh, Praveen Kumar, Kari Singh, Roshan Singh and others of abducting him, assaulting him and injecting acid into his eyes. Teghra sub-divisional police officer B K Singh said Dayaram Singh had already been arrested, adding: 'Efforts are on to nab the other accused whose names figure in the FIR lodged with Teghra police station.' Dayaram Singh, an influential farmer in the region, employed Mr Choudhary to drive his tractor a decade ago. It is not clear at what point Mr Choudhary struck up a relationship with Mr Singh's wife.
965887614363619328	2018-02-20 09:55:27	https://t.co/hqqAt9744X	Body art festival organisers are fined after fans were allowed to wander NAKED around a shopping mall https://t.co/hqqAt9744X	 Organisers of a Thai tattoo festival have been fined and a local police chief disciplined after participants were allowed to wander around naked in a shopping mall while putting their body art on display. The Rayong Tattoo Convention II was held in a shopping centre in eastern Thailand last weekend, and attracted large numbers of body art fans. In order to show off their ink, many participants had to remove several items of clothing, with some stripping off completely to reveal full-body tattoos. The parades of naked men and women exposing their bodies attracted several complaints from visitors to the shopping centre who did not part-take in the convention. Ton Naboon said: 'I was visiting to watch a film with my wife and young daughter and my wife was doing some shopping. 'We had no choice but seeing these people. This should have been in a different place, with only people who choose to see it going inside.' Wattana Sagasin added: 'This is not acceptable for society and traditional Thai culture.' Organisers of the event at the SF Senima City in Rayong, Thailand, have now been fined £114 each for 'lewd and obscene' behaviour in public. While the police chief of the region, Damrong Uansoongnern, who gave the show the green light has been reprimanded and transferred to a desk job doing paper work for 30 days. Police Lieutenant Traisoon Niamsap, provincial police boss, said a committee has now been set up to investigate how the event was allowed to happen. He said: 'We apologise to people who were offended by this. The police and the shopping mall did not know that the event would be inappropriate. 'The four people who organised the event aged 28 to 41, have each been fined in accordance with the law. 'The superintendent who oversaw this has been transferred for a period of 30 days to help with the civil service and we have today set up a committee to investigate.' Bosses at the shopping mall said they were unable to cancel the convention when they became aware of the scantily clad people around the facility because the event had already started.
965886004824551424	2018-02-20 09:49:03	https://t.co/CRaxP5Y94H	The world's most remote post offices revealed https://t.co/CRaxP5Y94H	 These post offices give a whole new meaning to the phrase 'snail mail', as their remote locations could mean several weeks of waiting before letters reach their destination. MailOnline Travel has pushed the envelope to find some of the most obscure places at which you can pop something in the post. One of the odder spots includes a post box ten-feet-down at the bottom of the South Pacific Ocean, where you can buy waterproof postcards and postal marks are embossed instead of inked. Scroll down to see some first-class oddities. The world's most southerly post office - Port Lockroy, Antarctica Port Lockroy is the world's most southerly post office and a top tourist destination in Antarctica. Each year, around 70,000 cards are posted at the remote hub, destined for more than 100 countries. Located on Goudier Island, 700 miles south of the Chile and Argentina coastlines, the unusual post office sends out cards and letters that will take between two and six weeks to reach their destinations. Run by the United Kingdom Antarctic Heritage Trust on behalf of the government, the remote base receives an income from the Post Office and a small gift shop, which goes towards the renovation of historic sites in Antarctica. The southernmost post office in the Americas - Tierra del Fuego, Argentina The End of the World Post Office is located at the end of an unnamed road at the tip of Argentina on the Isla Grande de Tierra del Fuego. The post office is housed within a shed clad with corrugated metal and the ramshackle structure sits on a small pier over the water. Its exterior is coated with dozens of stickers left by visitors. It is the southernmost post office in the Americas, making it a popular tourist attraction. Inside the non-air-conditioned shed there are postcards, special edition stamps and other souvenirs available to buy. The world's only hand-delivery box - Post Office Bay, Floreana Island, the Galapagos Post Office Bay on Floreana Island in the Galapagos dates back to the 19th century, when whalers first began keeping a wooden barrel at the site. Since then, mail can be picked up and delivered by ships - mainly on their way home to Europe and the United States - without requiring any postage. The impressive endeavour continues to work because visitors come to the island to sift through letters and cards and decide which they want to take back home and deliver by hand. This requires checking the addresses for a convenient location. Over 1,700 people have left cards over the years. Some say the hand-delivery method proves to be very quick. Indeed, one visitor told MailOnline Travel that the letter she left in the barrel was there waiting for her when she got home but if she posted it the traditional way it would have taken at least two weeks. The world's only underwater post office - Hideaway Island, Vanuatu Vanuatu, a South Pacific Ocean nation made up of roughly 80 islands, is home to the world’s only underwater post office. Situated within the Hideaway Island marine sanctuary, the post office - which opened in 2003 - sits in almost ten feet of water and both divers and snorkelers are able to post special waterproof postcards. If snorkelers can't dive down far enough, there are staff on hand to help. Instead of being stamped with ink to show that the card has been sent, the post office has developed an embossing device. Opening hours are posted on the beach and a special flag is raised on a float above the site when there are postal workers in the water. Summer Isles post office - Isle of Tanera Mòr, Scotland The Summer Isles post office, on the island of Tanera Mòr in northwest Scotland, was inaugurated on September 1 1970, with the approval of the Royal Mail. A letter posted from the tiny island must bear two stamps: a Summer Isles stamp to carry it from Tanera to the mainland post office in Achiltibuie, and a Royal Mail stamp for the rest of its journey. Post travels from Tanera to the mainland via a boat, which returns with mail for the island inhabitants. Ascension Island Post Office, South Atlantic Ocean Ascension Island, which is located in the South Atlantic Ocean and part of a British Overseas Territory, has a small stone-clad post office that employs a staff of three including a postmistress, a postal clerk and postal researcher. There is no national postal service on the island as few of the roads have names. However, companies operating on the island have postal addresses and organisational representatives are sent to collect mail from the post office. Ascension Island produces its own postage stamps with the first set issued on August 20, 1924. These help provide a source of income for the island with overseas collectors snapping them up and they are also used for domestic purposes. Santa Claus' official post office - Lapland, Finland Santa Claus's main post office in the Santa Claus Village at the Arctic Circle, 8km north of Lapland's capital Rovaniemi, is the only official post office of Father Christmas. It belongs to Finland's official postal service network and it is staffed by a merry team of elves who are fluent in several languages. Each year, more than 600,000 letters are received from children in over 150 countries. Visitors can order a unique letter from Santa Claus when visiting the post office - and it's sent to them in time for Christmas. Furthering the festive spirit, cards, letters and parcels sent from the wood cabin are stamped with an Arctic Circle postmark. Ilulissat post office, Greenland One of the main post offices in Greenland can be found in the coastal town of Ilulissat. The sorting office is located within a bright red shed, with opening hours running Monday to Friday 9am to 4pm. The town gets many visitors from tourist boats and there are around 4,500 residents to keep postal workers busy. On the temperature front, the remote area experiences average lows of minus 20 degrees Celsius and highs of 11 degrees Celsius during the summer. Sub-Antarctic post office, King Edward Point, South Georgia Situated at King Edward Point, the sole post office on the sub-Antarctic island of South Georgia is run by a postal officer or appointed representative, and is open upon request. During visits by passing expedition cruise ships, the post office service transfers to a nearby shed over at Grytviken - a former whaling station that has now become a historic place of interest. In some instances, the post office might go aboard some larger vessels. Items for sale inside the store include stamps, postcards, first day covers and South Georgia merchandise. Mail can be posted if South Georgia stamps of the appropriate value are used, although it may take up to two months or more for items to reach their destination, via the Falkland Islands. The world's highest post office, Everest Base Camp, Tibet After a gruelling climb up to the world's highest mountain, travellers can share their feelings of exhilaration or weariness with their nearest and dearest thanks to a post office at Base Camp. It's located on the Tibetan side and takes the form of a compact metal shed. Located at an elevation of 17,388 feet, it is reputed to be the world’s highest post office. The mailing facility was set up by China Post in 2008 and due to the harsh weather conditions it is only open from April to August. According to www.tibettravel.org, the post office employs three workers, and due to its remoteness, fees for sending mail are a little higher. 
965880969222918151	2018-02-20 09:29:02	https://t.co/Cf8ASDzRv7	Apple finally releases a fix for the devastating 'text bomb' bug that disables messaging apps https://t.co/Cf8ASDzRv7	 Apple users are being urged to update their devices after the firm finally issued a software fix for a new 'text bomb' bug. The bug, uncovered last week, crashes apps that display a letter from the south Indian language Telugu. Typing or receiving a message that contains the letter causes messaging apps, such as Whatsapp and Gmail, to crash. If the symbol appears in a notification, handsets can get stuck in a 'bootloop', endlessly restarting without booting up. After several days without a fix, Apple has now released new versions of iOS, macOS and watchOS to resolve the issue. Until today's update, the affected all of Apple's devices and almost all versions of its current iOS operating systems. Previously the only way to escape the 'bootloop' cycle was to get someone else to message you and delete the thread containing the malicious message. To resolve the issue by updating your iPhone or iPad, go to Settings, General and then Software Update. Alternatively, wait for a notification asking for you to update to appear on your phone and then accept it. Users can choose to receive the update overnight, so long as their mobiles are connected to power and WiFi. Apple gadgets running iOS 11.2.5 or macOS, are still susceptible to the bug, which disables access to iMessages. Other popular messaging apps like Twitter, WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, Outlook for iOS, and Gmail, are also cut off without the new update. Apple's products have been plagued by so-called text bombs, which can crash and freeze devices through malicious messages. The ChaiOS hack, revealed in January 2018, causes devices to crash and can delete all your messages, affects any device running iOS and Mac OS. The flaw was discovered by software developer Abraham Masri, based in Chicago, who shared a link which can be used to crash Apple's Message app on social media. It does so through massively long strings of text information, which overloads the system. Both ChaiOS and a bug discovered in February 2018 involving an Indian language character are similar to another called Effective Power. This was first reported in May 2015. Malicious messages containing the word 'Power' as well as Arabic and Marathi characters and the Chinese character meaning 'redundant', were sent out. They also crashed the Messages app, and if an iOS user received the text while their handset was locked the bug would force their phone to reboot. Since the glitch was publicised by Italian blog Mobile World last week it has been used to troll unsuspecting iPhone, iPad and Mac users. Yesterday it was revealed Twitter users were inserting the character into their usernames in the hope it will show up on people's timelines and crash their app. Users of the social media site tweeted their frustrations over the new trend. @PumpMyBags tweeted: 'my crypto twitter feed keeps crashing the app so obviosuly ppl r just spamming that indian character that crashes ios apps ; touché crypto twitter'. Some tweeted out advice to help those hit by the attacks to help them avoid further crashes. @TristenHeath wrote: 'You need to log into Twitter on a non Apple product, and find whoever posted it and then block them. That will stop the crashing'. 
965874031831511041	2018-02-20 09:01:28	https://t.co/2fgXNGdz5p	Indian farmer uses poster of a porn star to keep vegetable thieves distracted from his fields https://t.co/2fgXNGdz5p	 An Indian farmer has come up with a novel way of protecting his bountiful crop from jealous neighbours and pilfering cabbage-thieves. Chenchu Reddy has put up a poster of a former porn star next to his field in Andhra Pradesh, India, to ward off 'the evil eye'. The large poster shows ex-erotic actress Sunny Leone in her heyday, dressed in a red bikini and smiling at the camera. Reddy explains that his vegetable fields had been attracting unwanted attention from other people in his village. 'This year, I have a good crop on 10 acres,' Mr Reddy told Hindustan Times. 'This has been attracting unnecessary attention of villagers and passersby. 'To ward off their evil eye, I thought of this idea of putting up the big flax poster of Sunny Leone a couple of days ago,' Mr Reddy adds that since putting up the raunchy poster of Miss Leone, he has managed to avert their gaze. 'The trick has worked. Nobody is looking at my crop now,' Reddy said. Sunny Leone is a Canadian-American actress of Indian descent who began her entertainment career in porn. Leone, whose real name is Karenjit Kaur Vohra, has since left the porn industry and is enjoying success as a Bollywood actress.
965745326027149312	2018-02-20 00:30:03	https://t.co/i8Jn0rOdKu	At least 17 people buried alive after 50ft garbage collapses on top of seven homes in Mozambique https://t.co/i8Jn0rOdKu	 At least 17 people died after being buried alive in a 50ft-high pile of garbage when the filth fell on top of their homes in Mozambique. Heavy rains triggered the partial collapse of the huge mound of waste which crashed on top of seven houses in the Hulene neighbourhood in the outskirts of the country's capital Maputo. The impoverished area sat right beside a landfill site and authorities fear more bodies are buried beneath the rubbish. The huge pile of waste rose to the height of a three-story building, according to reports, and the collapse happened at around 3am on Monday. The houses were built illegally and authorities had previously asked the residents to leave, officials said. 'Up to now 17 dead bodies were recovered. We fear more might be unaccounted for,' a councillor for Ka Mavota Municipal District, Despedida Rita, said. 'We will keep searching for bodies buried underneath the garbage pile.' Land pressure in many African cities leads some people to squat on land they do not own as they seek higher wages available in urban centres. The dwellings are sometimes built on land that is marginal or unsafe. 
965706018847109121	2018-02-19 21:53:51	https://t.co/wuR5CYcFRN	Images of very similar meals reveal how adding extra 'healthy' foods such can DOUBLE the calorie count https://t.co/wuR5CYcFRN	 Food bloggers has revealed how making a very small tweak to a plate of food by serving yourself a slightly larger portion size or adding just a few - supposedly 'healthy' - extra ingredients can double the amount of calories you're consuming. Australian dietician Paula Norris, regularly shares plates of seemingly identical meals on Instagram that prove how you can accidentally ruin your diet with that extra slice of avocado or using just one teaspoon of oil while cooking. One of her snaps shows two plates of steak with rice noodles and a salad of lettuce, cherry tomatoes, avocado and red onion with a soy, lime and sesame oil dressing, which look exactly the same. However, one meal has almost 800 calories due to an extra slice of avocado, an additional teaspoon of sesame oil, and 80g more of untrimmed steak that's been fried in oil, while the second version has just over 400 calories because the steak is grilled and some of the noodles have been replaced with extra veg. Amanda Meixner, 26, from Ohio also regularly shares her meal plans and healthy eating tips with her 476,000 Instagram followers, and has recently posted a series of images showing the calorie difference between two seemingly identical plates of food, inspired by Paula. One image shows two eggs and two eggs whites scrambled with half an avocado on toast and a sliced apple, which amounts to just over 500 calories. But adding the rest of the avocado, two more eggs and a spoonful of peanut butter more than doubles the calorie count to over a 1,000. Meanwhile a 472 calorie snack of yoghurt, dark chocolate, nut butter and berries suddenly becomes almost 900 calories with the addition of 40g more chocolate and 2 extra tablespoons of cashew butter. Their posts seem especially pertinent following the release of figures from the Office for National Statistics showing that British people are underestimating their calorie intake by 50 per cent – fuelling obesity levels. Men typically have 1,000 more calories every day than they account for, while women consumed about 800 more than they estimate, and the more food people consume, the less reliable their estimates are. Meanwhile, data from The Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations shows that the average American consumes more than 3,600 calories daily. If you want to avoid piling extra calories on to your plate, Amanda recommends tricks such as having veggies noodles instead of sweet potatoes or pasta. 'Skip the extra olives or extra fats for more veggies,' she recommended. Swap out some eggs for egg whites - only 17 calories per one.' Isabella Fish for The Daily Mail writes... Britons are underestimating their calorie intake by 50 per cent – fuelling obesity levels, it has emerged. Men typically have 1,000 more calories every day than they account for, while women consumed about 800 more than they estimate, according to figures from the Office for National Statistics. The research also found that the more food Britons consume, the less reliable their estimates are. Experts have suggested that people do not like to ‘be taken for slobs’ and so end up lying to themselves about how much they actually eat. According to the data, men consumed 3,119 calories a day despite claiming that they had only 2,065. The recommended intake for men is 2,500 a day. Women claimed that they consumed an average of 1,570 calories a day – nearly 500 calories less than the recommended intake of 2,000 – but the real figure was in fact 2,393. The data comes as Public Health England (PHE) prepares to launch a new calorie-counting campaign, in order to try to tackle the obesity crisis. A third of children are obese or overweight by the time they leave primary school. The figures suggest that the average person underestimates the number of calories they consume every day, fuelling the epidemic. For the survey, 4,500 adults were asked to keep track of their calorie consumption over four days. The scientists then looked at how much energy the body used in order to calculate the real number of calories consumed. The survey found that 34 per cent of the participants claimed to be consuming less than physically required to stay alive. And the more overweight the people were, the less reliable the account was, according to the research. Tam Fry, of the National Obesity Forum, told the Daily Telegraph: ‘People lie and I am not surprised that they do when it comes to food. They wish not to be taken for slobs, even though they may be just that.’ He said that the new national calorie counting campaign, which is set to begin next month, was an ‘absolutely ridiculous’ attempt to solve the problem because it was unrealistic. The PHE advice in the One You nutrition campaign will tell adults to limit breakfast to 400 calories and dinners and lunches to just 600 calories. The average recommended calorie consumption levels remain at 2,500 calories for men and 2,000 for women, according to those behind the campaign. But the guidance is a ‘rule of thumb’ to try to help Britons cut down the number of calories they consume. The average adult is eating 200 to 250 more calories every day than they should, health officials say. However, the new data suggests that this could be largely underestimated. International research shows that Britain is the fattest country in Western Europe. The rise in obesity levels has been linked to larger portion sizes, changes in diet, junk food, takeaway meals and snacks. 
965701944298934275	2018-02-19 21:37:40	https://t.co/l7hrFHWHU4	The lesbian couple who fooled Spain's Catholic Church into performing its only same-sex marriage in 1901 https://t.co/l7hrFHWHU4	 As the young couple were married in 1901, the priest in the Galician church did not think anything was amiss. But unbeknownst to the church leader, both the bride and groom were female - and were married in the only same sex ceremony to ever take place in the Spanish Catholic Church. Marcela Gracia Ibeas and Elisa Sánchez Loriga - who played the part of Mario for their wedding day - spent the rest of their lives dodging punishment from the authorities. The infatuated couple met during teacher training in A Coruña, but Marcela's mother sent her daughter to Madrid due to fears over the women's relationship. Despite their initial separation, Marcela and Elisa eventually began working at schools located close together, according to historian Narciso de Gabriel. As part of their elaborate plan, Marcela announced she would be marrying her cousin, Mario, who was from London (to be played by Elisa). Mario was baptized, and then wed Marcela. Their cunning plan was outed by a Galician newspaper, who printed their wedding photo and exposed their lie, forcing the women to move to Porto. They then continued onto Buenos Aires, after they feared extradition from Portugal. Marcela was reportedly pregnant by an unknown man when she was married, and gave birth to a daughter before they left Porto. The story of the lesbian couple is set to be told by Isabel Coixet, who told the BBC: 'When I think about these two women and the courage it took for one of them to pretend to be a man, it was unbelievably brave 'I was fascinated the first time I heard about the story, which almost raised more questions than it has answers. 'We don't know what happened to them in the end, and how did they think they would get away with it?'
965697543723192320	2018-02-19 21:20:10	https://t.co/wYrtn7Vfdi	Running helps preserve your memory by fighting stress that weakens signals in your brainhttps://t.co/wYrtn7Vfdi	 Jogging may be the answer to jogging your memory as new research reveals it strengthens signals in the brain. Exercise has long been known to help combat stress, but a study by Brigham Young University suggests that it can also help combat forgetfulness. The researchers found that running helps protect against the negative effects of stress on the hippocampus - the part of the brain responsible for learning and memory. 'It's empowering to know that we can combat the negative impacts of stress on our brains just by getting out and running,' the study's senior author Jeff Edwards, PhD, said. Within the hippocampus, memory formation and recall work best when the connections between neurons, called synapses, are strengthened over time, a process called long-term potentiation (LTP). Chronic or prolonged stress, however, weakens the synapses and with them the LTP, negatively impacting memory. Seven out of 10 adults in the US suffer from stress or anxiety on a daily basis, according to the most recent Anxiety and Depression Association of America survey. 'Of course, we can't always control stress in our lives, but we can control how much we exercise.' To study the link between memory, stress and exercise, researchers divided mice into four groups: sedentary no stress, exercise no stress, exercise with stress, and sedentary with stress. The mice were then exposed to stress inducing situations, such as walking on an elevated platform or swimming in cold water, and/or put on a running wheel depending on their grouping. To determine how the variables affected each group's memory, the researchers used electrophysiology to measure the LTP in the animals' brains. They found that the stressed mice who exercised had considerable higher LTP rates than those who had not exercised. The researchers also used a maze-running experiment to test the mice's memories. The stressed mice who exercised performed just as well as non-stressed mice who exercised. Additionally, the exercising mice made significantly fewer memory errors in the maze than the sedentary mice. The findings suggest exercise is an effective way to protect learning and memory mechanisms from the negative cognitive impacts of chronic stress on the brain.
965692503306448897	2018-02-19 21:00:09	https://t.co/Bm9U0ASI98	When does the Winter Olympics end? https://t.co/Bm9U0ASI98	 The 2018 Winter Olympics are currently underway in South Korea. The closing ceremony is just a few days away, but there’s still plenty of time to catch your favorite winter sports. Here’s everything you need to know about when the Winter Olympics start and finish, what the schedule is, when the closing ceremony is, when and where you can watch on TV and the current medal count. The 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea started on February 8. The last day for the Winter Olympics is scheduled for February 25. The Winter Olympics 2018 schedule is as follows from today until the closing ceremony: · Bobsleigh - two-man · Curling - men's and women's round robin · Figure skating - ice dancing competition · Freestyle skiing - women's halfpipe qualifying round · Women's hockey - semi-finals · Ski jumping - team competition · Snowboarding - women's big air qualifying round · Speed skating - women's team pursuit qualifying round · Biathlon - mixed relay · Bobsleigh - women's heat race · Curling - men's and women's round robin · Figure skating - ice dance and free dance · Freestyle skiing - women's halfpipe final, men's halfpipe qualifying round · Men's hockey - knockout rounds · Women's hockey - classification rounds · Nordic combined - large hill competition · Short track speed skating - women's 1,000 meter qualifying round, men's 500 meter qualifying round, women's 3,000 meter relay final · Alpine skiing - women's downhill · Figure skating - ladies short program · Bobsleigh - women's heat races · Cross-country skiing - men's and women's sprint semi-finals · Curling - men's and women's round robin · Freestyle skiing - men's cross · Men's hockey - quarter-finals · Snowboarding - men's big air qualifying round · Speed skating - men's and women's team pursuit finals · Biathlon - women's 4 kilometer x 6 kilometer relay · Curling - men's semi-finals · Freestyle skiing - men's halfpipe final · Women's hockey - bronze and gold medal games · Nordic combined - team competition · Alpine skiing - men's slalom · Short track speed skating - men's 500m finals, women's 1,000m finals, men's 5,000m relay · Snowboarding - men's and women's parallel giant slalom qualifying round · Alpine skiing - women's alpine combined · Biathlon - men's 4 kilometer x 7 kilometer relay · Curling - men's and women's semi-finals · Freestyle skiing - women's cross · Men's hockey - semi-final games · Snowboarding - women's big air final · Figure skating - ladies free skate competition · Speed skating - men's 1,000 meter final · Alpine skiing - team event · Cross-country skiing - men's 50 kilometer mass start · Curling - men's gold and silver match, women's bronze match · Men's hockey - bronze medal game · Snowboarding - men's big air final, men's and women's giant parallel slalom finals · Speed skating - men's and women's mass start · Bobsleigh - four-man heat races · Bobsleigh - four-man heat races · Cross-country skiing - women's 30 kilometer mass start · Figure skating - exhibition · Curling women's gold medal match · Men's hockey - gold medal game The closing ceremony for the 2018 Winter Olympics will be on February 25 from 8:00pm to 10:30pm EST. The closing ceremony will focus on the perseverance of the human spirit and incorporate dance, art and music into a seamless, interactive event. The handover of the Olympic flag will also take place to Beijing Mayor Chen Jining for the 2022 Winter Olympics schedule to take place in Beijing, China. For UK viewers, the 2018 Winter Olympics can be seen on both Eurosport and the BBC. Both Eurosport 1 and 2 and BBC One and Two will be showing all events. BBC Two will also show the top highlights every night. In the United States, the 2018 Winter Olympics can be seen on NBC with live coverage and primetime coverage beginning at 8:00pm EST. In addition, the 2018 Winter Olympics can also be seen on CNBC and the USA Network from 7:00am – 9:30am EST. NBCSN will also present 369 hours of Winter Olympics coverage with 24-hour coverage now until February 25. Norway currently boasts the most 2018 Winter Olympics medals, with 28 total and an Olympics-leading 11 gold medals. Germany is second with 20, Canada third with 17, the Netherlands fourth with 14, Olympic Athletes from Russia fifth with 11 and the United States sixth with 10. Host country South Korea is in 11th place with seven total while Great Britain is 16th with four and Australia 18th with three. A complete 2018 Winter Olympics medal count can be found at the official NBC Olympics website.
965687465335050240	2018-02-19 20:40:07	https://t.co/vKV8xuKI5T	Moscow residents spray the name of Putin's political rival onto snow https://t.co/vKV8xuKI5T	 Frustrated Russians spray-painted snow with the name of Vladimir Putin's political rival in a bid to get council workers to clear it. Moscow has seen a massive amount of snow in recent weeks and last week, the city was blanketed by its heaviest snowfall in 100 years. But as authorities struggled to clear the streets, angry residents resorted to a tactic that some said saw quick results – painting the name of opposition leader Alexei Navalny in the snow. Residents shared pictures on social media, saying it prompted council workers to remove the graffiti in a matter of hours. Mr Navalny, a critic of Mr Putin, is never named by state media in the county – and the Russian President famously refuses to use his name, instead referring to him as 'that person.' Tatyana Grigoreva, who lives in Moscow's Nagorny district, said she was inspired by Mikhail Kozyrev's suggestion that residents write 'Navalny' on snow they wanted cleared, according to the BBC. She posted pictures of the graffiti painted in the snow and shared video of cleaners sweeping it away. However, Ms Grigoreva said workers in were just mixing up snow with their shovels so Mr Navalny's name couldn't be seen. Another post on a Facebook group for residents said authorities took about four hours to take action. Mr Navalny has called for a boycott of Russia's election in March after he was barred from running against Mr Putin over a criminal conviction he says was politically motivated. He is informally barred from appearing on state media and so relies on his own website and social media to spread his message, with posts drawing thousands onto the street across the country last month in support of his call for a 'voters' strike,' or boycott of the polls. Last week, Russia's media watchdog blocked his website after he posted a video alleging a deputy prime minister enjoyed lavish hospitality from a billionaire tycoon. State body Roskomnadzor has threatened to block any site distributing the video, including YouTube and Instagram, but both remain accessible in Russia. Mr Navalny says the video appears to show the Russian leader's former top foreign policy adviser Sergei Prikhodko vacationing on the yacht of 50-year-old Oleg Deripaska, an aluminium magnate. 
965685837810847744	2018-02-19 20:33:39	https://t.co/VLNkGdCkfX	Mount Sinabung eruption: Where is the Indonesian volcano? https://t.co/VLNkGdCkfX	 Mount Sinabung has erupted sending clouds of ash up to seven kilometres into the sky and resulted in airlines being banned from flying over some parts of Indonesia. Despite no casualties being reported, locals residing around Mount Sinabung have been advised to stay away from the danger zone which is within three to seven kilometres around the volcano’s crater. Indonesian authorities have warned that lava could flow down the mountain and destroy homes as it has done during previous eruptions, but where is Mount Sinabung? Also known as Gunung Sinabung, gunung being the Indonesian word for mountain, it is located in the Karo plateau of the Karo Regency, Sumatra in Indonesia. The high number of volcanoes in Indonesia can be beneficial for those who live near them as lava flows can ensure that surrounding soil and land remain fertile for farming, but is the country with the biggest volcano threat to life. Mount Sinabung is located in a volatile region referred to as the Ring of Fire in the Pacific basin. In this area, there are hundreds of active volcanoes and 90 percent of the world’s earthquakes occur in this zone. The 25,000 mile Ring of Fire goes from South America and North America to Japan and New Zealand on the other side of the ocean. A stratovolcano, like Mount Sinabung, are also known as composite cones and are the most dangerous type of volcano because of their likelihood to erupt. Most stratovolcanoes are located in the Pacific Ring of Fire and the cone structure is composed of lava and pyroclastic materials. Pyroclastics are rocks that are ejected during a volcanic eruption and include ash, bombs and blocks, rather than a steady flow of thick lava. After the eruption, rock is blown up into the air while ash will be spread out and can remain in the atmosphere for years. After Sumatra’s Mount Sinabung erupted, Indonesia raised flight warnings to the highest level after plumes of ash were sent more than seven kilometres into the air. The ash cloud was seen to be heading in three different directions, according to the Bureau of Meteorology's Volcanic Ash Advisory Centre (VACC). The Volcano Observatory Notice for Aviation (VONA) was also changed to red, the highest possible warning and revealed that the ash cloud had reached 23,872 feet. While Qantas and Jetstar spokespeople said the eruption had not caused any disruption, operations at Kualanamu International Airport in Medan had seen delays as the volcanic ash had reached the airport only 75 km away. Susi Air and AirAsia flights were forced to halt services and delay departures because of this reason. In August 2010, Mount Sinabung erupted after a hiatus of hundreds of years and has been continuously active since September 2013. Although activity started to increased from April 2017, the last fatal Mount Sinabung eruption was on May 22 in 2016 and killed at least seven people. Indonesia’s last major eruption, Mount Agung in Bali in November 2017 saw an ash cloud rise up to four kilometres above the crater. Officials claim that the explosion that left 6,000 tourists stranded resulted in a loss of $110 million in tourism and productivity.
965672376758423553	2018-02-19 19:40:10	https://t.co/CR5Clz0fHt	Saudi Arabia announces its first Arab Fashion Week https://t.co/CR5Clz0fHt	 Saudi Arabia is set to host in March its first ever Arab Fashion Week, overturning decades of draconian policies on arts and entertainment. Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, the powerful heir to the Saudi throne, has been leading a drive to reform the country's dependence on oil, including expanding the private sector and empowering women. The Dubai-based Arab Fashion Council announced on Monday that fashion week would be held in Riyadh from March 26 to March 31, with a second edition already scheduled for October. Arab Fashion Week will take place at Riyadh's eco-friendly Apex Centre, a white honeycomb-like venue designed by the late celebrated Iraqi-British architect Zaha Hadid. In December, the Arab Fashion Council announced the opening of a regional office in Riyadh and named Saudi Princess Noura Bint Faisal Al-Saud as its honorary president. 'The first Arab Fashion Week in Riyadh will be more than a world-class event, it is a catalyst through which we believe the fashion sector will lead other economic sectors such as tourism, hospitality, travel, and trade,' Princess Noura said in a statement on the council's website. Listed as an international fashion week alongside Paris and Milan, the twice-yearly Arab Fashion Week offers exclusively see-now-buy-now collections and pre-collections. The line-up for the Riyadh event has not been revealed yet and it remains unclear whether it will limited to modest designs in accordance with the strict dress code observed in Saudi Arabia. The Gulf kingdom, which has some of the world's tightest restrictions on women, requires them to wear, by law, a loose-fitting abaya robe to shroud their bodies in public. Earlier this month, a senior Saudi cleric said Saudi women should not be 'forced to wear abayas'. The comment was made by Sheikh Abdullah al-Mutlak, a member of the Council of Scholars -- the kingdom's highest religious body. The government has not said whether it will change the law. But Prince Mohammed has introduced over the past months a series of reforms in favour of women. In January, Saudi women were allowed for the first time ever to enter a football stadium to watch a game and the kingdom is also opening several sectors of the workplace to women. Saudi Arabia has also announced an end to a longstanding ban on women driving, which is to take effect in June. In the past, Arab Fashion Week have been hosted so far exclusively by Gulf fashion capital Dubai and have included runway darlings Marchesa and Tony Ward. Dubai will continue to host its own parallel Arab Fashion Week, with the sixth edition slotted for May 9 to May 12.
965662304997126144	2018-02-19 19:00:09	https://t.co/cvIgKGDNwe	Jupiter's Earth-sized 'Great Red Spot' mega-storm may only have 10 to 20 years left before it dies https://t.co/cvIgKGDNwe	 One of the most spectacular storms in our solar system could fade away in as a little as a decade. Jupiter's megastorm, known as the 'Great Red Spot' is gradually disappearing, according to a Nasa researcher. The storm was estimated to be about 35,000 miles (56,000km) in diameter in the 1800s – wide enough for four Earths to fit side by side. A researcher with the Juno mission says that the Great Red Spot is now only 1.3 times the size of Earth, and it's likely that it will only last a decade or two longer before it dies. Jupiter's Great Red Spot is a giant oval of crimson-colored clouds in Jupiter's southern hemisphere that race counterclockwise around the oval's perimeter with wind speeds greater than any storm on Earth. Glenn Orton, a Juno mission team member and a planetary scientist at NASA JPL, told Business Insider that the Great Red Spot is like a 'spinning wheel that keeps on spinning because it's caught between two conveyor belts that are moving in opposite directions. 'The GRS is stable and long-lived, because it's 'wedged' between two jet streams that are moving in opposite directions.' But Orton warns its days are numbered. ''In truth, the GRS has been shrinking for a long time,' he said, noting it is currently shrinking. While the storm has been monitored since 1830, it has possibly existed for more than 350 years. In the 19th century, the Great Red Spot was well over two Earths wide. But in modern times, the Great Red Spot appears to be diminishing in size, as measured by Earth-based telescopes and spacecraft. At the time NASA's Voyagers 1 and 2 sped by Jupiter on their way to Saturn and beyond, in 1979, the Great Red Spot was twice Earth's diameter. Today, measurements by Earth-based telescopes indicate the oval that Juno flew over has diminished in width by one-third and height by one-eighth since Voyager times. NASA's Juno spacecraft captured detailed images of Jupiter and its striking 'Great Red Spot' in July 2017 - the closest images we've ever gotten of the giant storm. It will again be able to spot the Great Red Spot in April 2018, as well as in July and September of 2019, and one last time in December 2020. However, Juno's upcoming views of the storm will not be as detailed as its July 2017 flyby. While storms on Jupiter can last for an extended period of time, those on Earth cannot because Earth's surface isn't covered in tens of thousands of miles of atmosphere. Jupiter's Great Red Spot is a giant oval of crimson-colored clouds in Jupiter's southern hemisphere that race counterclockwise around the oval's perimeter. Trapped between two jet streams, the Great Red Spot is an anticyclone swirling around a centre of high atmospheric pressure that makes it rotate in the opposite sense of hurricanes on Earth. In the late 1800s it was estimated to be about 35,000 miles (about 56,000 km) in diameter – wide enough for four Earths to fit side by side. The biggest in the solar system, it appears as a deep red orb surrounded by layers of pale yellow, orange and white. Winds inside the storm have been measured at several hundreds of miles per hour, with wind storms greater than any storm on Earth, NASA astronomers have said. Measuring 10,000 miles (16,000 kilometers) in width as of April 3, 2017, the Great Red Spot is 1.3 times as wide as Earth and is gradually shrinking over time. Earth is also smaller and rotates on its axis slower than Jupiter, which revolves around its axis once every ten hours. This means that Earth's weather systems are usually disrupted before they can get out of control, unlike in Jupiter. Despite this, the Great Red Spot will not last forever. Orton says that the storm spot has been shrinking for a long time. In addition to the steady disappearance of the Jupiter storm, a storm on Neptune is also disappearing, according to Hubble telescope observations. The Juno probe reached Jupiter on July 4, 2016, after a five-year, 1.8 billion-mile journey from Earth. Following a successful braking manoeuvre, it entered into a long polar orbit flying to within 3,100 miles (5,000 km) of the planet's swirling cloud tops. The probe will skim to within just 4,200 km of the planet's clouds once a fortnight - too close to provide global coverage in a single image. No previous spacecraft has orbited so close to Jupiter, although two others have been sent plunging to their destruction through its atmosphere. To complete its risky mission Juno will have to survive a circuit-frying radiation storm generated by Jupiter's powerful magnetic field. The maelstrom of high energy particles travelling at nearly the speed of light is the harshest radiation environment in the Solar System. To cope with the conditions, the spacecraft is protected with special radiation-hardened wiring and sensor shielding. Its all-important 'brain' - the spacecraft's flight computer - is housed in an armoured vault made of titanium and weighing almost 400 pounds (172kg). 
965657268426608640	2018-02-19 18:40:08	https://t.co/LbVNLd4XAn	Venice Carnival 101: Our guide to the ultimate street party https://t.co/LbVNLd4XAn	 The Venice Carnival is one of the real highlights of Italy’s social calendar. For two weeks each winter, Venice becomes a riot of colour, costumes and camaraderie. This year’s event was between 27 January and 13 February 2018, and was themed around beauty, the sea and vanity. The history of the Venice Carnival The Venice Carnival starts around two weeks before Ash Wednesday and runs until Shrove Tuesday, marking the start of Lent. Legend has it, the event dates back to the 10th century when a street party was held in St Mark's Square to celebrate the city's victory over the Patriarch of Aquileia. The city’s annual Mardi Gras gained popularity during the 18th century, when author and legendary lothario, Casanova lived in Venice, encouraging endless carousing and wild parties. After being outlawed by Roman Emperor Francis II in the late 1700s, the tradition was resumed in 1979 and is now one of the biggest fiestas in Europe. Must-see events at the Venice Carnival During carnival season, Venice is overrun with costumed characters, street entertainment and colourful boat parades, and is a real spectacle to see. Most of the festival events are free and happen around St Mark’s Square. The Grand Opening of the Venice Festival begins with the La Festa Veneziana on the Rio di Cannaregio canal. Held in two parts, the first launches on 27 January and turns the canal into a grand stage with a colourful boat parade and light show from the water. The festa continues with another water parade on Sunday 28 January. Another must-see event is the annual Volo dell'Angelo, the Flight of the Angel, which this year is held on the 4 February in St Mark's Square. The winner of the Festa dell Marie beauty contest is announced as the carnival's angel and then flown into St Mark's Square on a wire. It's regarded as one of carnival's most popular events, so it's best to arrive early in the day to get a good viewing spot. Don't miss the daily costume parades and contests also held in St Mark's Square. The daily contests are always free to enter and offer daily prizes. The finale, which announces the overall winner of the best masked costume, is held in St Mark's Square on the 11 February. Most carnival events are free to attend, however, if you'd like to attend one of the many opulent masquerade balls or private parties held in palazzos, then you'd better have deep pockets as tickets for these come at an eye-wateringly high price. One of the most popular balls in recent years is the Casanova Grand Ball, which this year is held in an elegant Venetian Palace on the 10 February. It has a very strict dress code; all guests must wear elegant period costume and masks. For several hundred euros a ticket, guests will enjoy a grand banquet dinner, a complimentary bar and dancing until the early hours. Do you have to dress up at the Venice Carnival? During carnival season, everywhere you look you'll see folk dressed in elaborate period costumes, ornate masquerade masks, and voluminous cloaks known as tabarros. Most carnival goers really go to town on their costumes, many planned months in advance, and the result is simply spectacular. To get the most out of the event, it's best to embrace it and dress up in a costume and mask and join in with the festivities. If you feel a little self-conscious, then at least opt for a mask. There are hundreds of mask shops and stalls in Venice, where you can buy beautiful Venetian masks, or just a simple white volto mask which can be picked up for a couple of euros almost anywhere. If you want to go the whole hog, there are several costumiers on hand in the city which hire out exquisite period costumes to guests of the Venice Carnival, but book in advance. Don’t miss these highlights of the Venice Carnival While most come for the big events and parades, it's often the smaller traditions of the Venice Carnival which are the most fun. Why not take part in one of the giro d'ombra, which means 'stroll for a glass of wine' and is basically a Venetian pub crawl. It's a tradition which dates back hundreds of years, where locals and visitors alike dress up in their carnival fineries and join the hordes of fellow festival goers on a bar crawl of the city. If you're worried you'll get lost, then perhaps hook up with one of the many organised giro d'ombras for a few euros a head. After the crawl, soak up some of the festive spirit with a bag of fritelle, fried dough balls filled with cream or chocolate and sprinkled with icing sugar, a real local treat only found during carnival. 
965652349762134017	2018-02-19 18:20:35	https://t.co/dFGzqak3ZW	Chilling moment cruel man abandons a baby boy on a street at MINUS 20 degrees in Chinahttps://t.co/dFGzqak3ZW	 Police in China are on the hunt for a man who deserted a baby on a street during the wee hours of February 14. CCTV footage released by Chinese media shows the suspect putting the baby outside a hospital before quickly running away on a cold winter day in Jiamusi, one of China's coldest cities. The tiny boy was found and saved by a male nurse who took him to the Neonatal Department, according to reports. Jiamusi is situated in north-east China near Russia. The city's daily temperature plunged down to below minus 20 degrees Celsius last week. The man dumped the baby at around 1:30am last Wednesday in front of the No. 1 Hospital Affiliated to Jiamusi University, according to Sina.com. The boy was dumped just days before the Chinese Lunar New Year, the most important holiday in the country when families reunite. Upon medical examination, the doctors at the hospital said the boy was healthy. The medical staff called the police and took the baby to the Jiamusi Children's Welfare Institution. The police are looking for the suspect. The web users in China are also helping to spread the information in hope of tracking down the man. It remains unclear whether the man is the baby's father or a relative. The abandonment of babies are not uncommon in China, especially among teenage parents. In April last year, a 15-year-old mother in Shenzhen was caught throwing out her newborn daughter alive with rubbish. In November, a 19-year-old top college student in Xi'an secretly gave birth to a baby girl in her dorm room before throwing her out of her window on the fourth floor. The social issue occurs partially because sex education is poor in China, which means young women could fall pregnant without realising. Because there are no child benefits in China, it would be extremely hard for teenagers to raise their own children once they're born. In addition, children born out of wedlock would not be able to officially register their identity with the police - a result of China's strict household registration system. This means the children wouldn't be able to receive proper education or social welfare. Lastly, the country's medical welfare only covers the citizens' basic needs. If a baby is born sick, the family would sometimes throw him or her away to avoid paying for expensive medical bills. 
965647209000783875	2018-02-19 18:00:10	https://t.co/tNJoL6Q5av	Canada and Germany share two-man bobsled gold after finishing with SAME TIME at Winter Olympics https://t.co/tNJoL6Q5av	 Justin Kripps and Francesco Friedrich stood side-by-side in celebration, the Canadian and German flags overlapping one another. Even then, they couldn't be separated as the closest bobsled race in Olympic history left two countries jumping for joy. Canada and Germany will share the two-man gold medal from the Pyeongchang Games after Kripps and Friedrich made their way down nearly four miles of ice in exactly the same time. Kripps and brakeman Alexander Kopacz gave Canada their second gold in a two-man event, while Friedrich and Thorsten Margis gave Germany their fourth two-man win in the last five Olympics. The winning time when everything was done on Monday: 3 minutes, 16.86 seconds. Latvia got bronze, with Oskars Melbardis and Janis Strenga finishing 0.05 seconds back to complete the closest three-sled finish in Olympic history. It was the third time the top two sleds have finished tied in an Olympic two-man race. Canada and Italy shared gold in 1998, and Italy got the gold over West Germany in 1968, even though both sleds had the same time. The Olympics then utilized a fastest-heat tiebreaker, which gave the Italians the nod. Had that rule still been in play, Friedrich and Margis would have won this time - after setting a start record on Sunday and a track record on Monday. Sharing the podium was good enough. Nico Walther and Christian Poser of Germany, the leaders after Sunday's first two runs, were fourth - just 0.20 seconds back. Johannes Lochner and Christopher Weber, also from Germany, were fifth in 3:17.14. 'This is what makes the sport amazing,' U.S. bobsledder Nick Cunningham said. 'Anyone can win on any given day. Or on this day, two different anyones.' Based on their World Cup two-man results this season, the logjam going into the finale wasn't a total shock. Kripps finished no lower than fourth in every two-man race all year and was the World Cup overall champion. Friedrich was first or second in each of his last five races. Lochner ended the regular season by winning consecutive medals. Walther was one of only two pilots with multiple two-man victories this season. The surprise was Melbardis, who medaled in only two of his most recent 17 World Cup two-man events. But he loves the Olympics; Latvia has two bobsled medals in its history, and he's driven both - the other being a four-man silver at the 2014 Sochi Games. Justin Olsen and brakeman Evan Weinstock were the top American sled, placing 14th. All You Need to Know Alpine Skiing Biathlon Bobsleigh Cross-Country Skiing Curling Figure Skating Freestyle Skiing Ice Hockey Luge Nordic Combined Short Track Speed Skating Skeleton Ski Jumping Snowboard Speed Skating 
965642167610957824	2018-02-19 17:40:08	https://t.co/zTsIeAblFy	Move to ban circumcisions in Iceland prompts fury from Jewish and Muslim groupshttps://t.co/zTsIeAblFy	 Jewish and Muslim religious groups have called Iceland's proposed ban on circumcisions an attack on their freedoms. The country is considering legislation that would make circumcisions for non-medical reasons illegal. The draft law would impose a six-year jail term on anyone guilty of 'removing part or all of the [child's] sexual organs'. But Jewish and Muslim leaders have condemned the bill and called it an attack on religion. For infants: The baby will be strapped down to avoid movement. Next, he will have either a topical anesthetic applied to the surface of the penis or have numbing agents injected into the penis or around its base. One of three different types of clamps or devices - the Gomco clamp, Mogen clamp or Plastibell device - is used to separate the glans from the foreskin and crush or cut a ring of skin from the penis. The clamps provide for an immediate procedure, while the Plastibell device stays attached for several days before falling off. Usually the baby will feel better within three to four days, but he can be taken home that same day. Appearance of the area improves within a week. For adults: Men can choose between receiving a general or a local anesthetic. A dorsal slit is usually made - a cut from the top of the skin - all the way down to the rounded border at the base of the glans. The foreskin is held away from the penis and carefully cut off. The remaining skin is then sutured around the glans. The entire process takes about 30 minutes, but patients are recommend from staying away form masturbation or intercourse for a few week to ensure the penis has completely healed. Iceland would be the first country in Europe to ban the procedure. The country is thought to have roughly 250 Jewish citizens and around 1,500 Muslim citizens. MP Silja Dögg Gunnarsdóttir of the Progressive Party, who introduced the bill at the start of the month, said the bill stood up for children's rights, not freedom of belief. The new bill would only grant men over 18 the choice to be circumcised. Iceland passed a law in 2005 banning female genital mutilation, and supporters of this move have compared it to that law. The Nordic Jewish Communities issued a statement which read: 'You are about to attack Judaism in a way that concerns Jews all over the world.' Jewish campaign group Milah UK said there was not hard evidence to prove the procedure caused long-term negative impacts. Imam Ahmad Seddeeq at the Islamic Cultural Centre of Iceland also criticised the move. He said: 'It's part of our faith. It's something that touches our religion and I believe that this is a contravention [of] religious freedom.' The latest bill says circumcision 'involves permanent interventions in a child's body that can cause severe pain'. If it passes its first reading, the draft law will go to a committee stage before it can come into effect. The World Health Organization estimated in 2009 that about one in three men globally is circumcised.
965637110526107649	2018-02-19 17:20:02	https://t.co/2eVbL1dT18	Germany’s far-right AfD is the second biggest party in the country according to new pollhttps://t.co/2eVbL1dT18	 A far-right party has become the second biggest in Germany after Chancellor Angela Merkel's Christian Democratic Union, a recent poll has found. Alternative for Germany (AfD) surpassed Merkel's coalition partners, the centre-left Social Democrats (SPD), for the first time in a national poll, an Insa survey for the daily Bild showed. Some 16 per cent of Germans said they would vote AfD, while the SPD fell one percentage point to just 15.5 per cent. Merkel's CDU/CSU bloc gained 2.5 percentage points to reach 32 per cent, the weekly poll showed on Monday. Nearly five months after the national election, Germany is still without a federal government as the SPD consults its members before embarking on a re-run of their 'grand coalition' with Merkel. The election saw the AfD win seats in parliament for the first time - a political earthquake that followed Merkel's 2015 decision to leave open German borders to more than 1 million migrants. Leaders of the party have repeatedly made headlines with insulting remarks about Germany's immigrant community. Just last week, Andre Poggenburg, the head of AfD in the state of Saxony-Anhalt, referred to Turkish people as 'camel drivers'. Poggenburg made the derogatory comments during a party rally in Nentmannsdorf near Pirna, eastern Germany, where he also called immigrants with dual passports as 'homeless mob that we no longer want to have here'. The increased support for CDU/CSU bloc comes as Merkel has put forward close ally Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer to take over as secretary general of the party. The decision to entrust Kramp-Karrenbauer, also known by her acronym AKK, with bolstering the CDU after it lost ground in an election last year, is significant as some party members are starting to look ahead to a post-Merkel era. Merkel, who was CDU secretary general before becoming chancellor, said Kramp-Karrenbauer, premier of the western state of Saarland, would bring 'a lot of weight' to the role in what she called 'difficult times, uncertain times'. The chancellor has been under pressure from within the CDU to bring fresh faces into senior positions and to begin planning for her own succession. By promoting Kramp-Karrenbauer she achieves both, and moves an ally into a key role. 'We have known each other a long time and can rely on each other, even if we have our own views,' Merkel, 63, told a news conference with Kramp-Karrenbauer, 55. Asked if she saw Kramp-Karrenbauer as a possible successor, Merkel replied: 'It is your privilege that you are always three laps ahead of others ... We have our hands full managing the business of the day.' Though Merkel has said she is available as chancellor for four years, the succession debate has been supercharged by the inclusion of a clause in a coalition deal with the SPD that envisages a review of the next government's progress after two years to assess whether any changes to its mission are needed. Kramp-Karrenbauer is expected to be voted into her new role at a Feb. 26 party congress. Her promotion is a setback to Jens Spahn, a 37-year-old arch-conservative long seen as a rising star in the CDU with an eye on the succession. Outgoing secretary general Peter Tauber is giving up the role after a period of illness. 'Sometimes dubbed 'mini Merkel' by German media, Kramp-Karrenbauer is highly regarded in her party for winning an election in her region last year that buoyed the CDU's national standing ahead of the Sept. 24 federal vote. By taking on the secretary general role, she will build up her network in the CDU, something she has had only limited ability to do as premier of Saarland, a state of just 1 million people that borders France. Merkel will remain CDU chairwoman. She said she had decided to step down as Saarland premier and take up her new job in 'one of the most difficult political phases in the history of the German federal republic so far.' Kramp-Karrenbauer commands respect in the party for her serious, factual approach to policymaking. She impressed Merkel last month when, after a car crash, she continued work on coalition negotiations from her hospital bed. 
965633398034386952	2018-02-19 17:05:17	https://t.co/Tg5rUfRxwS	Erdogan warns Putin that Syria will face 'consequences' if it wades into Turkey's offensive in Kurdish enclave https://t.co/Tg5rUfRxwS	 Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has warned his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin that Syria will face 'consequences' if it wades into Turkey's offensive in Afrin. Erdogan told Putin that Turkey's military operation in the northern Syrian Kurdish enclave will continue as planned during a phone call between the two leaders. The pair spoke amid reports that Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad's regime has agreed to support Kurdish fighters and that government forces would be entering Afrin 'within hours'. Russia first intervened in Syria in 2015 by backing Assad with air strikes that targeted both ISIS and other jihadists as well as rebels fighting government troops. Turkey, meanwhile, is attempting to clear the Kurdish People's Protection Units YPG from territory along its border. Ankara sees the group as a terrorist offshoot of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK), blacklisted by the United States and the European Union. Syrian state media said today that Assad's forces will 'bolster' local forces in confronting Turkish 'aggression'. This suggested the Syrian government and YPG militia had struck a deal aimed at repelling an ongoing Turkish offensive on the area. This morning, Turkey's foreign minister, Mevlut Cavusoglu, warned that 'no-one can stop us' as he insisted that his country was ready to battle Assad's forces if necessary. He said that 'if the regime is entering to protect the YPG, then no one can stop us, stop Turkey or the Turkish soldiers.' 'Popular forces will arrive in Afrin within a few hours to support its people's stand against the Turkish regime's attack on the area and its people,' Syrian state news agency SANA said, citing its correspondent in Aleppo. SANA said the forces would 'join the resistance against the Turkish aggression'. 'This comes in the framework of supporting residents and defending the territorial unity and sovereignty of Syria,' the agency added. The Syrian region of Afrin, which borders Turkey, is held by the Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG) and has faced a month-old assault by Ankara and allied Syrian rebels. Turkey sees the YPG's presence on its southern border as a direct threat, and observers have noted it would be more comfortable with a regime force deployed there. The Afrin operation, dubbed 'Olive Branch,' has seen Ankara deploy ground troops and pound the region with air strikes and artillery fire. YPG spokesman Birusk Hasakeh could not immediately confirm the deployment of regime-affiliated forces on Monday. Syrian government forces withdrew from Kurdish-majority areas across the country's north in 2012, paving the way for Kurdish authorities to implement de facto self-rule. But negotiations have been ongoing for a potential return of government-affiliated forces to the enclave, officials have said. Heve Mustafa, the co-chair of Afrin's executive council, told AFP on Sunday that talks on the subject were ongoing. 'These talks are happening on the military level,' she said. Last week, YPG chief Sipan Hamo told journalists his forces would have 'no problem' with Damascus intervening to help repel Turkey's assault. 'We don't have a problem with the entry of the Syrian army to defend Afrin and its border in the face of the Turkish occupation,' Hamo said. But Kurdish officials have remained vague on what kind of regime deployment they would accept in Afrin. Mustafa's co-chair in Afrin, Othman Al-Sheikh Issa, told AFP last month that Damascus should intervene to stop Turkish warplanes flying overhead. State media did not elaborate on the make-up of the 'popular forces' due to enter Afrin on Monday and made no mention of regular army troops being deployed. Damascus has denounced Ankara's 'aggression' but until Monday had not explicitly said it would intervene. Turkey and allied rebels launched the offensive on January 20 in a bid to clear the YPG from territory along the border. The assault has brought to the surface the complex and competing interests of world powers embroiled in Syria's seven-year conflict. Ankara sees the YPG as a 'terror' group and the Syrian arm of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), which has fought a decades-long insurgency against the Turkish state. The United States - Turkey's NATO ally - has allied with the YPG elsewhere in Syria, providing it with arms and other support to fight the Islamic State jihadist group. Regime ally Russia had also directly supported the YPG in Afrin, training Kurdish forces there before withdrawing as Turkey announced its assault last month. 
965626721499336705	2018-02-19 16:38:45	https://t.co/cRgH0gd020	Footage reveals moment brave victim uses her handbag to bash pervert who groped her in Egypt https://t.co/cRgH0gd020	 This is the moment a brave Egyptian woman used her handbag to bash a pervert who groped her in Egypt. Footage shows the victim, named as Rania F., fighting back after she was targeted by a man identified as Islam Sh. in a side road in Qena, Egypt. The video, widely shared online by women's activists in the country, shows the 20-year-old chasing after the abuser and lashing out with her handbag as he tries to flee down the street. Her actions led to the 25-year-old man being arrested and jailed for three years. In the video, a motorcyclist can be seen arriving at the scene and attempting to calm the situation by parking between them. But the victim refuses to stop and repeatedly lunges at her attacker while encouraging others to stop him from escaping. At one point the man can be seen attempting to fight back, but he was eventually arrested. According to Masrawy, Rania took legal action and Islam Sh. was convicted of sexual harassment following a series of court hearings. The assault is said to have taken place in late 2017. Social media users have praised Rania's actions for helping to highlight the importance of standing up to harassment. One described the end result as 'justice' while another said of Rania: 'I applaud you, don't ever let go of your rights.' 
965620502822825985	2018-02-19 16:14:02	https://t.co/tJSTQLUfNi	What kind of drinker are YOU? Experts reveal the four main types https://t.co/tJSTQLUfNi	 It's easy to see alcohol consumption being a result of thousands of years of ritual and a lifetime of habit. But have you ever stopped to consider why it is you choose to drink? Knowing what motivates people to drink is important to better understanding their needs when it comes to encouraging them to drink less, or in a less harmful way. Personally, everyone can come up with many reasons why he or she is drinking, which makes a scientific understanding of the reasons difficult. But there is something called the motivational model of alcohol use, that argues we drink because we expect a change in how we feel after we do. Originally developed to help treat alcohol dependence, the ideas described in the model led to a new understanding of what motivates people to drink. More precisely, the model assumes people drink to increase positive feelings or decrease negative ones. They're also motivated by internal rewards such as enhancement of a desired personal emotional state, or by external rewards such as social approval. This results in all drinking motives falling into one of four categories: enhancement (because it's exciting), coping (to forget about my worries), social (to celebrate), and conformity (to fit in). Drinkers can be high or low in any number of drinking motives – people are not necessarily one type of drinker or the other. All other factors – such as genetics, personality or environment – are just shaping our drinking motives, according to this model. So drinking motives are a final pathway to alcohol use. That is, they're the gateway through which all these other influences are channelled. 1. Social drinking To date, nearly all the research on drinking motives has been done on teens and young adults. Across cultures and countries, social motives are the most common reason young people give for drinking alcohol. In this model, social drinking may be about increasing the amount of fun you are having with your friends. This fits in with the idea that drinking is mainly a social pastime. Drinking for social motives is associated with moderate alcohol use. 2. Drinking to conform When people only drink on social occasions because they want to fit in – not because it's a choice they would normally make – they drink less than those who drink mainly for other reasons. These are the people who will sip a glass of champagne for a toast, or keep a wine in their hand to avoid feeling different from the drinkers around them. In the last couple of years, programs like Hello Sunday Morning have been encouraging people to take a break from drinking. And by making this more socially acceptable, they may also be decreasing the negative feedback some people receive for not drinking, although this is a theory that needs testing. 3. Drinking for enhancement Beyond simply drinking to socialise, there are two types of adolescents and young adults with a particular risky combination of personality and drinking motive preference. First are those who drink for enhancement motives. They are more likely to be extroverted, impulsive, and aggressive. These young people (often male) are more likely to actively seek to feel drunk – as well as other extreme sensations – and have a risk-taking personality. 4. Drinking to cope Second, those who drink mainly for coping motives have higher levels of neuroticism, low level of agreeableness and a negative view of the self. These drinkers may be using alcohol to cope with other problems in their life, particularly those related to anxiety and depression. Coping drinkers are more likely to be female, drink more heavily and experience more alcohol-related problems than those who drink for other reasons. While it may be effective in the short term, drinking to cope with problems leads to worse long-term consequences. This may be because the problems that led to the drinking in the first place are not being addressed. WHY IT MATTERS There is promising research that suggests knowing the motives of heavy drinkers can lead to interventions to reduce harmful drinking. For instance, one study found that tailoring counselling sessions to drinking motives decreased consumption in young women, although there was no significant decrease in men. This research stream is limited by the fact we really only know about the drinking motives of those in their teens and early 20s. Our understanding of why adults are drinking is limited, something our research group is hoping to study in the future. Next time you have a drink, have a think about why you are choosing to do so. There are many people out there having a drink at night to relax. But if you're aiming to get drunk, you have a higher chance than most of experiencing harm. Alternatively, if you are trying to drink your problems away, it's worth remembering those problems will still be there in the morning. This article was originally published by The Conversation
965618312112738304	2018-02-19 16:05:20	https://t.co/AxIz5FGRmi	This incredible hypercar hits 0-60mph in UNDER two seconds https://t.co/AxIz5FGRmi	 A small engineering company in Japan claims it has produced the world's first street-legal car capable of hitting 0-60mph in under two seconds. The Aspark Owl was launched at the Frankfurt Auto Show last year and its creators said it would have 430 horsepower, 563 all-wheel lb-ft of torque, weigh under 860kg and accelerate to sixty in just two seconds. Now Aspark have released incredible footage showing the electric hypercar smashing the sub-2-second mark and achieving a time of just 1.921 seconds - faster than any Formula 1 racing car. Aspark said they only plan to produce 50 units - and customers will have to fork out £3million to get their hands on the exclusive vehicle. The test appears to have been completed in the back lot of a small manufacturing facility, possibly where the car was assembled. Despite the video, some car enthusiasts have voiced their skepticism. They point to the fact there are no shots of the speedometer or any time or speed recording displays. They also said the location is oddly small to be hustling a car to 60 mph and back down. And they noted the prototype was fitted with racing slick tyres as opposed to the grippier street-legal tyres, which would've made it easier for the car to accelerate.
965614493714788352	2018-02-19 15:50:10	https://t.co/nPqQt6CCl5	The common sex injury that targets the cervix and can leave women in agony https://t.co/nPqQt6CCl5	 There's a sex injury that's common, painful - but poorly understood. A bruised cervix can occur during vigorous sex, or sex with a well-endowed partner when a woman is not sufficiently aroused through foreplay. Cervical bruising is painful, can lead to bleeding, and can make later intercourse painful and unpleasant. It can also lead to other problems, like vaginismus, an involuntary muscle spasm that closes the vagina prior to penetration. The cervix is the channel between the vagina and the uterus. Symptoms of bruising include feeling unusually sensitive for a few days after sex, or experiencing cramping. In rare cases, there may be bleeding. Cervical bruising in sex is most likely caused by a penis too large for the vaginal canal, bumping repeatedly against the cervix wall and causing some superficial damage. Know your body Thankfully, bruising does not lead to long-term damage. But it is painful, and there are steps you can take to make this experience less likely. The cervix grows when aroused, similar to a penis, and it also softens. This reduces the potential for damage. If a woman isn't aroused, her cervix remains small and hard: the average cervix when not aroused is between 3 and 4 inches, which is significantly smaller than the average penis. Foreplay therefore is important. Nicole Lane at Ravishly writes that 20 to 30 minutes is a good period for foreplay in order to help avoid cervical bruising - as well as having fun, of course. Foreplay also triggers natural lubricants, which make sex easier and less likely to cause pain and bruising. Doctor Catherine Hansen, an obstrtrician and educator, notes that different women have different bodies, and this will contribute to their chance of bruising. The cervix may, for instance, lie closer to the vagina in some women more than others, and therefore is more likely to be hit during sex. Experiment with positions Hansen recommends experimenting with positions to find the one that feels the best. '[You should] re-position, or stop, if there is pelvic pressure or pain during sex so that any ongoing pain would be completely avoided,' she says. You might also want to try things other than penetrative sex. Lane writes: 'Sex doesn't have to involve PIV intercourse for hetero couples: handwork, oral, foreplay, and anal are all other amazing ways to achieve an orgasm.' Cervical bruising will heal of its own accord, from a few days up to a week after intercourse. If pain persists after that time, it's important to visit a doctor. 'Ibuprofen 400-800mg can help with the cramping. For women who anticipate that they will have pain, they can take the ibuprofen dose prior to intercourse (approximately 30 minutes prior to sex would be best),' says Dr Hansen. 'Any pelvic pressure or pain that results from cervical 'trauma' (tapping or touching the cervix during sex) is temporary and should be resolved with a couple of hours (max 24 hours),' she says. 
965609788527775744	2018-02-19 15:31:28	https://t.co/bKw9eaFXS4	Toxic plastic particles are found in 75% of deep sea fish in the Northwest Atlantic https://t.co/bKw9eaFXS4	 Plastic particles have been found in almost three-in-four deep sea fish, according to a new study. The research, which looked at marine life in the Northwest Atlantic, is one of the highest ever reported frequencies of so-called 'microplastics' in fish worldwide. As well as causing internal physical damage, inflammation of intestines and reduced feeding in fish, the toxic particles can be passed up the food chain to humans. Scientists at the National University of Ireland in Galway carried out the research during a transatlantic crossing, collecting dead deep sea fish from midwater trawls in the Northwest Atlantic Ocean. Seventy-three per cent of the fish, taken at a depth of up to 600 metres (1,970 feet), were found to have ingested plastics. Of these animals, a large proportion were smaller fish typically found between 200 and 1,000 metres (650-3,300 ft) beneath the surface. So-called mesopelagic fish are commonly eaten by tuna, mackerel and other common seafood species, which can then pass the plastics on to humans. They include the spotted lanternfish, glacier lanternfish, white-spotted lanternfish, rakery beaconlamp, stout sawpalate and scaly dragonfish. The findings suggest 'indirect contamination' of food through the transfer of microplastics between species. Lead author Alina Wieczorek, of the National University of Ireland in Galway, said: 'Deep-water fish migrate to the surface at night to feed on microscopic plankton and this is likely when they are exposed to the microplastics. 'Microplastic pollution has been in the news recently, with several governments planning a ban on microbeads used in cosmetics and detergents. 'The high ingestion rate of microplastics by mesopelagic fish we observed has important consequences for the health of marine ecosystems and bio-geochemical cycling in general.' Microplastics are small plastic pellets ranging in size from 0.5 millimetres that have accumulated in the marine environment following decades of pollution. These fragments can cause significant issues for marine organisms that ingest them, including inflammation, reduced feeding and weight-loss. Microplastic contamination may also spread from organism to organism when prey is eaten by predators. Since the fragments can bind to chemical pollutants, these associated toxins could accumulate in predator species - such as tuna, mackerel, swordfish, dolphins, seals and sea birds. Ms Wieczorek and colleagues set out to catch fish in a remote area of the Northwest Atlantic - an eddy, or whirlpool, off the coast of Newfoundland. One of the inspected spotted lanternfish, which was 4.5 centimetres long, had 13 microplastics extracted from its stomach contents. The identified microplastics were mostly fibres, commonly blue and black in colour. Plastic pollution has become so widespread that we may be inhaling up to 130 tiny pieces a day, research found. Fibres from fleece and polyester clothing and particles from urban dust and car tyres are the biggest sources of so-called microplastics in the air. The tiny specks are lighter than air and could cause asthma, heart disease and auto-immune conditions, the research, published in December 2017, found. The study, a review of a number of recent plastics studies, revealed washing a single polyester garment can produce 1,900 plastic fibres. This plastic pollution is on the rise as more and more synthetic clothing is produced. While only people working with plastic fibres are known to develop respiratory problems, experts say the pollution is so widespread that it may now pose a risk to everyone's health. The study's author, Dr Joana Correia Prata, of Fernando Pessoa University in Portugal, said: 'The evidence suggests that an individual's lungs could be exposed to between 26 and 130 airborne microplastics a day, which would pose a risk for human health, especially in susceptible individuals, including children. 'Exposure may cause asthma, cardiac disease, allergies and auto-immune diseases.' In total, 233 fish were examined, ranging in size from 3.5 centimetres (1.4 inches) to 59 centimetres (23 inches). Upon return the fish were inspected at Ms Wieczorek's lab for microplastics in their stomach contents. A specialised air filter was used so as not to introduce airborne plastic fibres from the lab environment. Ms Wieczorek said: 'We recorded one of the highest frequencies of microplastics among fish species globally. 'In particular, we found high levels of plastic fiberers such as those used in textiles.' Ms Wieczorek said many of these ingested microplastics have associated additives, such as colourants and flame retardants that are added to plastics during production process. She said: 'There is now evidence some of these toxins on the microplastics can be transferred to animals that eat them, with potential harmful effects.'
965602899198963714	2018-02-19 15:04:05	https://t.co/tg2nDSEcvc	Girl, 13, becomes the sole carer of her grandparents and siblings after her parents move for work https://t.co/tg2nDSEcvc	 A girl from rural China has received a national award after looking after her family of five devotedly at the tender age of 13. Wu Bangju, from poverty-stricken Guizhou Province, has to take care of her two elderly grandparents and two younger siblings after her parents moved to the city for work. 'Because my grandparents are old and my brother and sister are little, it's my duty to care for them,' Bangju told a local reporter while washing cabbage in a bowl. Bangju is one of the nine million children in China who have been left behind by their migrant worker parents. So called the 'left-behind' children, these boys and girls usually live with their grandparents or relatives, and only get to meet their parents, who work and live in the city, once a year. The 13-year-old Bangju, her grandparents and her sister and brother live in a small village in Guizhou, one of the poorest provinces in China. The girl walks to her school every day and after she comes home, she has to wash clothes, boil water and cook for the family of five, according to Chinese news site QQ.com, in a report citing China Central Television Station. Bangju was named the 'most responsible child' by China Central Television Station in a national award ceremony in January, reported Sina.com. The Chinese public are especially touched after knowing that Bangju has worn the same pair of shoes every day for eight years. Apparently, the pair of green trainers is Bangju's most treasured possession. The report said when her grandmother bought the shoes for a five-year-old Bangju, she deliberately bought a large size - so that Bangju could wear them longer. It's said that when Bangju first wore the shoes, they often slid off her feet because they were too big; however eight years on, the sneakers are almost too small for her. As the pillar of her family, Bangju is also a top student in her middle school. Footage shows her home is decorated by many award certificates she has worn. A fan of dancing, she is also a member of the school dancing team. Speaking of her contribution to the family, a humble Bangju told China Central Television Station: 'I think I am not doing enough. I wish I could grow up faster, so I could help my grandparents do more housework.' The fate of China's 'left-behind' children - and their family - has been in media spotlight in the past two month. Among them, the most famous name is Wang Fuman. Eight-year-old Wang, from Yunnan Province, shot to fame after his hair became frozen following an hour-long walk to school on a harsh winter morning. A picture of the boy and his icy hair became viral in China last month. Wang's father worked in the city and his mother abandoned him, his father and his elder sister. In another case, a blind woman and her deaf husband are left to care for their 12 grandchildren in rural Hunan Province after all of their sons and their wives moved to the city. More than nine million children have been 'left behind' in China's countryside, according to latest statistics released by Beijing in 2016. Their parents are migrant workers who decide to move to the cities to find job in order to make money. Many of these migrant worker parents claim they have no other choices than leaving their rural hometowns for a living. Their children would have limited access to schooling and healthcare in the cities under China's household registration system, forcing them to be left with relatives. The plight of their children is one of the most emotive consequences of China's decades-long economic boom. These children are usually looked after by grandparents but sometimes have no guardians at all. In most cases, they see their mother and father only once a year around the Lunar New Year. 
965597926922817538	2018-02-19 14:44:20	https://t.co/Z8w1nQYy9B	Former playboy Imran Khan marries his Islamic 'spiritual adviser' https://t.co/Z8w1nQYy9B	 Pakistani cricket legend turned politician Imran Khan has tied the knot for a third time, marrying a woman described as a 'faith healer.' Khan, 65, wed Bushra Wattoo – a divorcee his friends say he sought out in the past for spiritual healing - in a private ceremony in Lahore on Sunday, his party announced. The nuptials ended months of rumours that Khan was considering a third marriage, after being divorced twice – first from socialite Jemima Goldsmith and then from TV presenter Reham Khan. It comes as Khan's Pakistan Taherik-e-Insaf (PTI) party said they planned to contest a general election to be held in July this year. Defeated in the 2013 elections, Khan has spoken of his aspirations of becoming Pakistan's next prime minister following this year's parliamentary elections. Scroll down for video In a recent interview, he told AFP he believes this is PTI's 'biggest chance' seizing power. And his new bride comes from a deeply conservative and politically influential family from the eastern Punjab province. PTI spokesman Fawad Chaudhry told AFP the couple had known one another 'for a long time' but declined to provide further details. Khan has previously referred to Watto, a mother-of-five in her 40s, as his 'spiritual adviser' and someone whose guidance he valued. Khan's previous weddings, particularly when he wed British socialite Jemima Khan, captivated international tabloids as well as local media in the deeply conservative Muslim nation of 208 million people. In contrast, Sunday's nikah was a low-key and conservative affair. PTI released pictures of a smiling Khan, sitting beside his wife and her relatives. Khan is seen wearing a dark blazer over a traditional white shalwar kameez, while his bride is clad head-to-feet in a grey robe with a red veil covering her face. 'Many congratulations @ImranKhanPTI,' tweeted Shah Mahmood Qureshi, the deputy chairman of Khan's opposition Pakistan Tehreek-e- Insaf (PTI) party. May Allah bless your future life with lots of happiness,' he added. On Monday, Khan took to Twitter to thank his supporters for their good wishes. 'I want to thank everyone for their prayers and good wishes on my marriage,' he wrote. Khan is beloved by millions across Pakistan after winning the cricket-obsessed country its only World Cup in 1992. But he has sought to shed the playboy reputation of his younger years and has built a large political following in the northern parts of Pakistan, especially with the conservative Pashtun population. Over the past year he has also seen his political stock rise following the ouster of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif through judicial proceedings that Khan had championed. Pakistan's Supreme Court disqualified Mr Sharif from office last year for concealing financial assets. Jemima Goldsmith, who has now returned to her maiden name, is the eldest child of Lady Annabel Goldsmith and Sir James Goldsmith. Jemima was just 21 years old when she met the 42-year-old Imran Khan, and the couple married in 1995 - first in an Islamic ceremony in Paris and then in a civil ceremony in Richmond, London. Having converted to Islam, she followed her new husband to Lahore, Pakistan where she learned to speak Urdu. The couple have two sons, Sulaiman Isa, born in 1996, and Qasim, born in 1999. During their marriage, she established herself as a philanthropist and social campaigner, fighting for the rights of refugees, freedom of information and various political causes. She also began working as a journalist from Pakistan, writing for various British newspapers, and set up a fashion label where the profits were donated to the Shaukat Khanum Memorial Cancer Hospital, named after her mother-in-law. During their marriage she was subjected to abuse by Imran Khan's political opponents or those who disagreed with his involvement in politics. After nine years of marriage, in 2004, the couple announced that they would divorce, citing Jemima's difficulties to settle in Pakistan. Speaking in 2011, Khan said he had realised his ex-wife may have been too young and inexperienced to cope with the challenges of his political career. British-Pakistani Reham Khan was born in Ajdabiya, Libya in 1973. After studies in Pakistan, she began working as a broadcast journalist in the UK in the mid-noughties, including as a weather presenter for BBC South Today. After moving to Pakistan in 2012, she met Imran Khan when she interviewed him for a local TV show. The following year, in 2013, she began presenting a news programme called NewsOne, and continued to work in TV journalism. Her relationship with Imran Khan remained secret until the end of 2014 when Jemima Goldsmith announced she was going to return to her maiden name because Imran was going to remarry. They couple married in January 2015 in a ceremony at his Islamabad home, but divorced ten months later. After the divorce, Reham revealed that she - like Jemima - had been subjected to a hate campaign in Pakistan and that their marriage had not survived it. The journalist wrote in the Guardian that she had faced 'a barrage of abuse' for marrying a man 'idolised' in his homeland by millions. Reham Khan, who has kept her married name, writes on her website that her attention is now focused on 'social work and humanitarian efforts in Pakistan'. Khan has cultivated an image of pious devotion in the run up to the general elections but his political rivals and media have often mocked his colourful personal life. Last month, Khan responded to feverish media speculation about his marriage proposal by lashing out against political opponents and urging others to be respectful to Watto's 'very conservative' family. 'All I ask of my well-wishers and supporters is that they pray I find personal happiness which, except for a few years, I have been deprived of,' Khan tweeted on January 9. Little is known about Bushra Wattoo, a mother-of-five who divorced her first husband last year. She is said to be Imran Khan's 'spiritual healer' and the pair reportedly met two years ago during an election campaign. Wattoo, who is also known as 'Pinki', comes from a deeply conservative family from eastern Punjab. Before their relationship, Khan had sought her out for spiritual healing. Earlier this year, local media reported that Khan caused the divorce between Wattoo and her ex-husband Khawar Fareed Maneka, something which Mr Maneka later denied. Khan's first marriage to the daughter of the financier James Goldsmith, ended in 2004. The couple wed in 1995 and have two sons. The split was attributed to the difficulties she faced in Pakistan, where she was hounded for her family's Jewish ancestry, and to his obsession with politics. Khan's second marriage ended after nine months in 2015, following a whirlwind romance with former BBC journalist Reham Khan. She had been widely criticised after appearing at public meetings of PTI, with opponents accusing her of seeking to boost her own profile through her husband's fame. Khan, born in Lahore into a comfortable family with origins in the Pashtun northwest, was educated at Pakistan's prestigious Aitchison College, at boarding school in England and then at Oxford University. He became one of the world's greatest ever all-rounders - a fearsome fast bowler and dangerous batsman - whose finest hour came at the 1992 World Cup, where at the age of 39 he led an inexperienced team to the title. 
965592829513883649	2018-02-19 14:24:05	https://t.co/Ca9Ntaj1Vt	Athletes from USA, Sweden and Great Britain are the biggest Tinder swipers in South Korea https://t.co/Ca9Ntaj1Vt	 Athletes from USA, Sweden and Great Britain are the most likely to turn to Tinder while killing time when they're not competing. According to the popular dating app, there's been a huge surge in people looking for love in Pyeongchong since the Games began on February 8th. GB is currently sitting in 16th place in the Winter Olympics medal table - but is scoring much higher in the league of looking for love, it seems. According to dating app Tinder, British athletes are among the most likely to be searching for a little romance in-between events - but find themselves eclipsed in number by Sweden - in second place - and Team USA, which tops the medal table for social media romance. Scroll down for video There has been a dramatic increase in 'passporting' - where users set their location to meet people nearby - since the Games began in Pyeongchang, with plenty of American athletes clearly more than happy to switch their location a little further east if it helps their quest for coupling up. Tinder says it has recorded a 348 per cent increase in the use of the app in the Olympic Village since the games began on February 8th. According to the app, there has been a 565 per cent increase in users swiping right and a 644 per cent increase in 'matches' - where potential love matches actually agree to meet. All athletes in the Olympic Village has been given free access to the dating app's premium Tinder Gold service - and many are clearly enjoying using it. Indeed, some of the world's finest winter athletes have been cropping up on the popular dating app, if a new Instagram page is to be believed. Their profiles had been collated on @tinderpyeongchang, which was documenting dozens of ski jumpers, figure skaters and snowboarders on the hunt for a date in the athletes' living quarters - but appears now to have been closed down. The page, which posted around 40 profiles, included athletes from Great Britain, Argentina and Denmark. Team GB's luge star Rupert Staudinger, 20, is one of the romantic hopefuls looking for love on the app. American skeleton racer John Daly has confessed that U.S. athletes have used the app at past Games. He said: 'It happens. Incredibly good-looking athletes, perfect bodies, tight spandex. Of course there's going to be some hooking up. Would you expect anything else?' While athletes are officially banned from having sex with rival competitors, it doesn't seem to be putting anyone off. A total of 100,000 condoms were available at the 2010 Vancouver and 2014 Sochi Games, but during the summer Olympics at Rio 450,000 condoms were available. 
965587543948480512	2018-02-19 14:03:04	https://t.co/ZyPjeONld8	Queen Letizia of Spain recycles a daring caped dress as she hands out trophies at the National Sports Awards  https://t.co/ZyPjeONld8	 Queen Letizia of Spain stunned in an olive green ensemble as she attended an awards ceremony in Madrid on Monday. The glamorous royal recycled a stylish caped dress from Spanish designer Juanjo Oliva as she presented the National Sports Awards with her husband King Felipe VI, 50. Letizia, 45, was first spotted in the green number in 2016 at the Innovation and Design Awards in Alcalá de Henares. Today the mother of two paired the dress with vertiginous snakeskin heels and a matching clutch bag as she met a string of sporting heroes honoured for their achievements and promoting the athletics industry. She was pictured posing with paralympic swimmer Teresa Perales, honoured for promoting sports among disabled athletes. Letizia, who is mother to Princess Leonor, 12, and Sofia, 10, wore her wavy tresses loose around her shoulders and sported a subtle smoky eye as she presented trophies to a string of winners. The glitzy awards presentation was also attended by Felipe VI's mother, the former Queen Sofía of Spain, 79. Also joining the royal couple today were the Minister of Education, Culture and Sports, Íñigo Méndez de Vigo; the president of the Sports Council, José Ramón Lete; the undersecretary of Education, Culture and Sports, José Canal; and the president of the Spanish Paralympic Committee, Miguel Carballeda. Regarded as one of Europe's hardest working royals, Letizia married into the Spanish monarchy in 2004, following a successful career as a journalist and newsreader. She was previously married to Alonso Guerrero Pérez, a writer, but the pair divorced after just a year and by 2003 Letizia had announced her engagement to Felipe, then the Prince of Asturias. King Juan Carlos abdicated in 2014 in favour of his 48-year-old son, now King Felipe VI. 
965584544639406081	2018-02-19 13:51:09	https://t.co/pGXeQjlFCs	The amazing fold-up GUITAR that can fit in your hand luggage https://t.co/pGXeQjlFCs	 Now you can easily take the band on tour, thanks to a fold-up guitar that doubles as a suitcase. Masterminded by Irish inventor Iain Maclean, the Notekase travel guitar features a removable back and neck, meaning it breaks down to a size suitable for cabin luggage. The hollow body of the instrument can be used to pack clothing in and it comes with a padded travel bag to protect it during transit. According to Maclean, his patented design can be dismantled or reconnected in less than 20 seconds. He adds that the collapsible structure does not compromise the sound quality. Currently the guitarist is promoting his musical invention via Kickstarter to raise the necessary funds needed to start production. To date he has raised £2,406 out of a £26,545 goal. A video showcasing the travelling guitar shows how it fits together with the back and neck fixed into place with a few screws. Maclean notes that many airlines in Europe charge more than £50 for musical instruments that don't fit the cabin baggage dimensions. In a bid to beat the system, he went about designing his novel fold-up guitar. He notes that the compact device is also perfect for other forms of travel, adding: 'You will move around busy Underground stations and packed out buses and trains like a ninja musician. 'No more nudging old ladies onto the railway tracks with your steel reinforced 20 kilo guitar coffin.' So, if you've longed to take your guitar on tour without the hassle, maybe this invention will hit the right note. 
965582512222298112	2018-02-19 13:43:05	https://t.co/xXp29QEqQ5	Former playboy Imran Khan marries his Islamic 'spiritual adviser' with the bride wearing a full veil https://t.co/xXp29QEqQ5	 Pakistani cricket legend turned politician Imran Khan has tied the knot for a third time, marrying a woman described as a 'faith healer.' Khan, 65, wed Bushra Wattoo – a divorcee his friends say he sought out in the past for spiritual healing - in a private ceremony in Lahore on Sunday, his party announced. The nuptials ended months of rumours that Khan was considering a third marriage, after being divorced twice – first from socialite Jemima Goldsmith and then from TV presenter Reham Khan. It comes as Khan's Pakistan Taherik-e-Insaf (PTI) party said they planned to contest a general election to be held in July this year. Defeated in the 2013 elections, Khan has spoken of his aspirations of becoming Pakistan's next prime minister following this year's parliamentary elections. Scroll down for video In a recent interview, he told AFP he believes this is PTI's 'biggest chance' seizing power. And his new bride comes from a deeply conservative and politically influential family from the eastern Punjab province. PTI spokesman Fawad Chaudhry told AFP the couple had known one another 'for a long time' but declined to provide further details. Khan has previously referred to Watto, a mother-of-five in her 40s, as his 'spiritual adviser' and someone whose guidance he valued. Khan's previous weddings, particularly when he wed British socialite Jemima Khan, captivated international tabloids as well as local media in the deeply conservative Muslim nation of 208 million people. In contrast, Sunday's nikah was a low-key and conservative affair. PTI released pictures of a smiling Khan, sitting beside his wife and her relatives. Khan is seen wearing a dark blazer over a traditional white shalwar kameez, while his bride is clad head-to-feet in a grey robe with a red veil covering her face. 'Many congratulations @ImranKhanPTI,' tweeted Shah Mahmood Qureshi, the deputy chairman of Khan's opposition Pakistan Tehreek-e- Insaf (PTI) party. May Allah bless your future life with lots of happiness,' he added. On Monday, Khan took to Twitter to thank his supporters for their good wishes. 'I want to thank everyone for their prayers and good wishes on my marriage,' he wrote. Khan is beloved by millions across Pakistan after winning the cricket-obsessed country its only World Cup in 1992. But he has sought to shed the playboy reputation of his younger years and has built a large political following in the northern parts of Pakistan, especially with the conservative Pashtun population. Over the past year he has also seen his political stock rise following the ouster of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif through judicial proceedings that Khan had championed. Pakistan's Supreme Court disqualified Mr Sharif from office last year for concealing financial assets. Jemima Goldsmith, who has now returned to her maiden name, is the eldest child of Lady Annabel Goldsmith and Sir James Goldsmith. Jemima was just 21 years old when she met the 42-year-old Imran Khan, and the couple married in 1995 - first in an Islamic ceremony in Paris and then in a civil ceremony in Richmond, London. Having converted to Islam, she followed her new husband to Lahore, Pakistan where she learned to speak Urdu. The couple have two sons, Sulaiman Isa, born in 1996, and Qasim, born in 1999. During their marriage, she established herself as a philanthropist and social campaigner, fighting for the rights of refugees, freedom of information and various political causes. She also began working as a journalist from Pakistan, writing for various British newspapers, and set up a fashion label where the profits were donated to the Shaukat Khanum Memorial Cancer Hospital, named after her mother-in-law. During their marriage she was subjected to abuse by Imran Khan's political opponents or those who disagreed with his involvement in politics. After nine years of marriage, in 2004, the couple announced that they would divorce, citing Jemima's difficulties to settle in Pakistan. Speaking in 2011, Khan said he had realised his ex-wife may have been too young and inexperienced to cope with the challenges of his political career. British-Pakistani Reham Khan was born in Ajdabiya, Libya in 1973. After studies in Pakistan, she began working as a broadcast journalist in the UK in the mid-noughties, including as a weather presenter for BBC South Today. After moving to Pakistan in 2012, she met Imran Khan when she interviewed him for a local TV show. The following year, in 2013, she began presenting a news programme called NewsOne, and continued to work in TV journalism. Her relationship with Imran Khan remained secret until the end of 2014 when Jemima Goldsmith announced she was going to return to her maiden name because Imran was going to remarry. They couple married in January 2015 in a ceremony at his Islamabad home, but divorced ten months later. After the divorce, Reham revealed that she - like Jemima - had been subjected to a hate campaign in Pakistan and that their marriage had not survived it. The journalist wrote in the Guardian that she had faced 'a barrage of abuse' for marrying a man 'idolised' in his homeland by millions. Reham Khan, who has kept her married name, writes on her website that her attention is now focused on 'social work and humanitarian efforts in Pakistan'. Khan has cultivated an image of pious devotion in the run up to the general elections but his political rivals and media have often mocked his colourful personal life. Last month, Khan responded to feverish media speculation about his marriage proposal by lashing out against political opponents and urging others to be respectful to Watto's 'very conservative' family. 'All I ask of my well-wishers and supporters is that they pray I find personal happiness which, except for a few years, I have been deprived of,' Khan tweeted on January 9. Little is known about Bushra Wattoo, a mother-of-five who divorced her first husband last year. She is said to be Imran Khan's 'spiritual healer' and the pair reportedly met two years ago during an election campaign. Wattoo, who is also known as 'Pinki', comes from a deeply conservative family from eastern Punjab. Before their relationship, Khan had sought her out for spiritual healing. Earlier this year, local media reported that Khan caused the divorce between Wattoo and her ex-husband Khawar Fareed Maneka, something which Mr Maneka later denied. Khan's first marriage to the daughter of the financier James Goldsmith, ended in 2004. The couple wed in 1995 and have two sons. The split was attributed to the difficulties she faced in Pakistan, where she was hounded for her family's Jewish ancestry, and to his obsession with politics. Khan's second marriage ended after nine months in 2015, following a whirlwind romance with former BBC journalist Reham Khan. She had been widely criticised after appearing at public meetings of PTI, with opponents accusing her of seeking to boost her own profile through her husband's fame. Khan, born in Lahore into a comfortable family with origins in the Pashtun northwest, was educated at Pakistan's prestigious Aitchison College, at boarding school in England and then at Oxford University. He became one of the world's greatest ever all-rounders - a fearsome fast bowler and dangerous batsman - whose finest hour came at the 1992 World Cup, where at the age of 39 he led an inexperienced team to the title. 
965577217643343873	2018-02-19 13:22:02	https://t.co/d4xaMkgXwy	Turkish minister declares 'no-one can stop us' and vows to fight Syrian troops in Afrin https://t.co/d4xaMkgXwy	 Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has warned his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin that Syria will face 'consequences' if it wades into Turkey's offensive in Afrin. Erdogan told Putin that Turkey's military operation in the northern Syrian Kurdish enclave will continue as planned during a phone call between the two leaders. The pair spoke amid reports that Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad's regime has agreed to support Kurdish fighters and that government forces would be entering Afrin 'within hours'. Russia first intervened in Syria in 2015 by backing Assad with air strikes that targeted both ISIS and other jihadists as well as rebels fighting government troops. Turkey, meanwhile, is attempting to clear the Kurdish People's Protection Units YPG from territory along its border. Ankara sees the group as a terrorist offshoot of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK), blacklisted by the United States and the European Union. Syrian state media said today that Assad's forces will 'bolster' local forces in confronting Turkish 'aggression'. This suggested the Syrian government and YPG militia had struck a deal aimed at repelling an ongoing Turkish offensive on the area. This morning, Turkey's foreign minister, Mevlut Cavusoglu, warned that 'no-one can stop us' as he insisted that his country was ready to battle Assad's forces if necessary. He said that 'if the regime is entering to protect the YPG, then no one can stop us, stop Turkey or the Turkish soldiers.' 'Popular forces will arrive in Afrin within a few hours to support its people's stand against the Turkish regime's attack on the area and its people,' Syrian state news agency SANA said, citing its correspondent in Aleppo. SANA said the forces would 'join the resistance against the Turkish aggression'. 'This comes in the framework of supporting residents and defending the territorial unity and sovereignty of Syria,' the agency added. The Syrian region of Afrin, which borders Turkey, is held by the Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG) and has faced a month-old assault by Ankara and allied Syrian rebels. Turkey sees the YPG's presence on its southern border as a direct threat, and observers have noted it would be more comfortable with a regime force deployed there. The Afrin operation, dubbed 'Olive Branch,' has seen Ankara deploy ground troops and pound the region with air strikes and artillery fire. YPG spokesman Birusk Hasakeh could not immediately confirm the deployment of regime-affiliated forces on Monday. Syrian government forces withdrew from Kurdish-majority areas across the country's north in 2012, paving the way for Kurdish authorities to implement de facto self-rule. But negotiations have been ongoing for a potential return of government-affiliated forces to the enclave, officials have said. Heve Mustafa, the co-chair of Afrin's executive council, told AFP on Sunday that talks on the subject were ongoing. 'These talks are happening on the military level,' she said. Last week, YPG chief Sipan Hamo told journalists his forces would have 'no problem' with Damascus intervening to help repel Turkey's assault. 'We don't have a problem with the entry of the Syrian army to defend Afrin and its border in the face of the Turkish occupation,' Hamo said. But Kurdish officials have remained vague on what kind of regime deployment they would accept in Afrin. Mustafa's co-chair in Afrin, Othman Al-Sheikh Issa, told AFP last month that Damascus should intervene to stop Turkish warplanes flying overhead. State media did not elaborate on the make-up of the 'popular forces' due to enter Afrin on Monday and made no mention of regular army troops being deployed. Damascus has denounced Ankara's 'aggression' but until Monday had not explicitly said it would intervene. Turkey and allied rebels launched the offensive on January 20 in a bid to clear the YPG from territory along the border. The assault has brought to the surface the complex and competing interests of world powers embroiled in Syria's seven-year conflict. Ankara sees the YPG as a 'terror' group and the Syrian arm of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), which has fought a decades-long insurgency against the Turkish state. The United States - Turkey's NATO ally - has allied with the YPG elsewhere in Syria, providing it with arms and other support to fight the Islamic State jihadist group. Regime ally Russia had also directly supported the YPG in Afrin, training Kurdish forces there before withdrawing as Turkey announced its assault last month. 
965574217638006786	2018-02-19 13:10:07	https://t.co/PWNgBTooie	The sexiest accents in the world revealed https://t.co/PWNgBTooie	 Daters around the world say that the English accent is the sexiest with those looking for love finding it more attractive than the sound of French, a new survey has revealed. But despite the dialect winning the hearts of most people around the world, it is Parisians who are having the most sex and people in Tokyo going on the most dates. The results were revealed in a global study by Timeout.com, which questioned 15,000 residents across 32 cities worldwide about their dating habits. And it revealed that 17 per cent of those questioned said they were unable to resist the dulcet tones of an English person - much like Meghan Markle, it would seem. The French accent came second with 13 per cent followed by the Italian accent with 11 per cent. Fourth was the Irish accent (nine per cent) and making up the top five was the Spanish accent (seven per cent). The Scottish accent came in sixth (six per cent) followed by Australian (five per cent) and American (four per cent). Completing the top ten were the Brazilian and Japanese accents. The study also looked at dating habits to find out which cities were the best for hooking up. And it found that people in Tokyo are going on the most dates, with residents in the city going on 25 dates a year - or one every fortnight. However, it is people in Paris who appear to be having the most sex with 86 per cent of people in the French capital saying hooking up is easy and most making love once every 11 days on average. But it's those living in Tel Aviv who are most likely to get lucky on the first date, with 61 per cent saying they would have sex on the same day they meet a potential partner. 1. English (17 per cent) 2. French (13 per cent) 3. Italian (11 per cent) 4. Irish (nine per cent) 5. Spanish (seven per cent) 6. Scottish (six per cent) 7. Australian (five per cent) 8. American (four per cent) 9. Brazilian (three per cent) 10. Japanese (two per cent) Source: Timeout.com In the Swiss city of Zurich, a third of residents there say they have had a threesome, with more people there than any other city open to having sex with more than one person. While the results showed that Mexico City is the hotspot for those up for an affair, with two in five admitting to having been unfaithful to a partner. Meanwhile Moscow is the most blase city when it comes to PDAs with a quarter of residents in the Russian capital saying they aren't bothered by those kissing on public transport. However, the study also showed that those looking for old-fashioned romance should head to Berlin as people there rarely use dating apps, don't generally date more than one person at a time and are the least likely to 'ghost' people (ignore them rather than letting them down with a message). While in the Portuguese city of Porto, only 35 per cent of daters admit to looking up their match online before meeting them. Dubai is the city where it's hardest to find a match with half of respondents there saying it is really difficult or virtually impossible to find love. And people living in the US capital of Washington DC use dating apps the most, with 25 per cent of people there using an app on a weekly basis. Other US cities where apps are used a lot include Boston and New York. James Manning, city life editor of Time Out, said: 'Our survey gives us an entertaining inside look at how city-dwellers around the world are living and loving in 2018. 'Time Out has been inspiring and enabling people to make the most of the city since 1968, and if we can help shed a bit of light on the quest for romance along the way, so much the better. 'The Time Out City Life Index shows that no one knows cities like we do – whether or not you find the English accent irresistible or where it's easy to find a love match.' Meanwhile for people in the UK, the Irish accent was unanimously voted as the sexiest followed by the Manchester twang. Manchester came in as the easiest city in the UK to get lucky, with 84 per cent thinking it is a breeze. The result is that they have the most sex in the UK - 28.3 times a year. Mancunians also seem to have a bit of a wild side with two thirds having had a one night stand, 22 per cent having had a threesome and almost a quarter having sent saucy pictures of themselves to someone they haven't met yet. But daters in Edinburgh are the most likely in the UK to ghost someone, with 31 per cent admitting to having done so. In comparison to loved-up Manchester just 26 per cent of Londoners think it is easy to find love (compared to 53 per cent in Manchester). But they really try hard, with 42 per cent revealing they have had a workplace romance, 34 per cent dating several people at once and 2.4 being the average number of dates a Londoner will wait before getting down to business (compared to a global average of 2.7). And here is a number from the capital to think about: 2.1 per cent of married Londoners admitted to using a dating app in the last week. 
965572957526470658	2018-02-19 13:05:07	https://t.co/jx1P7zc2y4	The Japanese hypercar that hits 0-60mph in UNDER two seconds https://t.co/jx1P7zc2y4	 A small engineering company in Japan claims it has produced the world's first street-legal car capable of hitting 0-60mph in under two seconds. The Aspark Owl was launched at the Frankfurt Auto Show last year and its creators said it would have 430 horsepower, 563 all-wheel lb-ft of torque, weigh under 860kg and accelerate to sixty in just two seconds. Now Aspark have released incredible footage showing the electric hypercar smashing the sub-2-second mark and achieving a time of just 1.921 seconds - faster than any Formula 1 racing car. Aspark said they only plan to produce 50 units - and customers will have to fork out £3million to get their hands on the exclusive vehicle. The test appears to have been completed in the back lot of a small manufacturing facility, possibly where the car was assembled. Despite the video, some car enthusiasts have voiced their skepticism. They point to the fact there are no shots of the speedometer or any time or speed recording displays. They also said the location is oddly small to be hustling a car to 60 mph and back down. And they noted the prototype was fitted with racing slick tyres as opposed to the grippier street-legal tyres, which would've made it easier for the car to accelerate.
965566906840309760	2018-02-19 12:41:04	https://t.co/w3Ndd4gY5K	Woman, 79, has a BUCKET-SIZED tumour growing from her cheek - but is too afraid to have an operation https://t.co/w3Ndd4gY5K	 An old lady has a tumour the size of a bucket growing from her cheek - but she is too afraid to have an operation. Teresita Briones, 79, noticed a small lump under the skin of her right cheek 17 years ago but thought nothing of it. But the growth - which she thought at first was a mole - swelled and developed rapidly. Within a year it was the size of a small tennis ball. Now it has grown to more than twice the size of her head - and leaves her barely able to sleep at night because of its unwieldy shape. Teresita now ambles around the streets near her shanty home in Iligan City, Philippines, where passers-by help her out with small change. 'I am afraid to have an operation' She said: 'When I first noticed this I thought it was nothing. I ignored it. I thought it would go away. 'If I had gone to the doctor then, maybe life would be easier now. They could have fixed this without any trouble. 'Now the tumour is so big it makes life hard. It is not easy sleeping because of the size of it and it just keeps growing. 'I am afraid to have an operation. I am afraid that I will not be able to wake up again after the surgery. 'I am old now and I don't think I could recover from it. I have had this so long that I don't think that there's anything I can do.' Mother-of-seven Teresita said that doctors in her home town told her there was nothing they could do - then advised her instead to visit capital city Manila where the 'technology is better'. She never visited due to the high price of travelling there, accommodation and doctors' bills. The exact cause of a benign tumour is often unknown. It develops when cells in the body divide and grow at an excessive rate. Typically, the body is able to balance cell growth and division. When old or damaged cells die, they are automatically replaced with new, healthy cells. In the case of tumours, dead cells remain and form a growth known as a tumor. Cancer cells grow in the same manner. However, unlike the cells in benign tumors, cancerous cells can invade nearby tissue and spread to other parts of the body. Whether benign tumours need treatment depends on how bothersome they are. 'I feel sorry for her' Local resident Henry Santos, 24, said: 'She's old but I don't think it's too late for her. Our elders deserve to have a good life when they are retired. 'She could live until she's 90. I feel sorry for her to have to walk around with this. It looks hard for her and she has a hunched back because of the weight.' Kunz Paz, who spoke with the woman, said: 'She has no money and I gave her a little bit to help her. I'm not sure if her tumour could be operated on, but she said she would not want to anyway. She is afraid she might never wake up. 'If there is a chance that anybody can help her, I am praying it is so. I hope we can make it a better Christmas this year for her.' A British Skin Foundation spokesperson said it may be perfectly safe for Teresita to have surgery if medics assessing her say she's strong enough. 'Providing anesthetists consider this removal to be carried out safe under general anesthetics the risks are not very big,' explained Dr Anton Alexandroff, who is a consultant dermatologist. 'The patient would need to have a graft to cover surgical defect and there is a risk that graft may not take. There are also risks of infection and bleeding. 'She is likely to have a significant scar as the result. There is also risk of recurrence. 'The key matter here is whether anesthetists are satisfied that this procedure would be safe to undertake.' 'I'm grateful for what people give me' Teresita received some attention from well-wishers and good samaritans last year and had an x-ray which revealed the tumour was benign. But since then she has not returned to the doctors for any more treatment. She now relies on her daughter's income of around 200 Philippine Piso (£2.72, $3.8) a day while occasionally begging for food and money when they are short. She added: 'I don't have a lot to get by and I'm grateful for what people give me. I don't know what will happen if I cannot get treatment. Sometimes the tumour bleeds. 'There are people who are worse than me, who have had hard lives from when they were born. I was very beautiful when I was younger.' 
965561656062496769	2018-02-19 12:20:12	https://t.co/7K5bsSnzOe	China's 'imperial dog' once favoured by emperors is disappearing as modern pet owners prefer foreign pooches https://t.co/7K5bsSnzOe	 The most distinctive Chinese dog breed once favoured by emperors and empresses is slowly disappearing from the streets of China. The Pekingese dogs were once the favourite pets of China's royal family. Its most famous owner, the 'dragon lady' Empress Dowager Cixi (1835-1908), is said to have raised more than 1,000 Pekingese. 'Now there really are too few local Pekingese,' said Zhang Lei, a dog breeder in Beijing. As the Lunar Year of the Dog begins this month, the ex-popular pedigree is almost nowhere to be found. Local pet owners today prefer foreign breeds such as poodles, French bulldogs and Chihuahuas. As breeder Zhang explained: 'If you want a local Pekingese then the only option is to crossbreed them with a foreign Pekingese. 'A lot of people don't have them. I think the local Pekingese are now facing a crisis.' For centuries, owning the flat-faced Pekingese dog was a luxury to be enjoyed only by China's royal family. After years of turmoil and the 1911 revolution that established China as a republic, however, the dog named after the Chinese capital became available to the masses, and by the 1990s, they were so common that the streets of Beijing, formerly Romanised as Peking, were teaming with strays. In 2003, Zhang adopted a few stray Pekingese and since then has bred them, mostly as a hobby. Some are for sale, ranging from 1,000-2,500 yuan ($157-$394) each, but he said there are few buyers. Although the local breed is fading from view, some Chinese pet owners are buying longer-haired imported Pekingese because of their perceived purity. 'They have aristocratic mannerisms,' said Beijing native Qian Hao, who takes his four long-haired imported Pekingese on daily walks in a stroller. A foreign Pekingese can cost as much as 100,000 yuan. While there are no official statistics on domestic Pekingese ownership, Zhang Xuesong, who has bred imported Pekingese for 26 years, said that the breed's 'bad genes' and a general lack of interest have kept pet owners away from the animal. After years of inbreeding, local Pekingese are perceived as having an array of health and other issues, including constant shedding, a lack of intelligence, and a susceptibility for slipped spinal discs. Wang Fei, who owns a four-year-old white local Pekingese named Jianjian, said the breed became a victim of its own popularity. 'In the past, there were way too many local Pekingese. Everyone wants to raise something different. And now there are fewer and fewer local Pekingese. But I think they'll rise again in popularity,' said Wang Fei. Pekingese is an ancient dog breed native to China. According to China.com, the earliest records of the breed could be found in the eight century in archives from the Tang Dynasty (618-907). In the past, Pekingnese dogs were only allowed to be kept by the imperial families and the aristocrats. Civilians would be punished if they kept Pekingnese dogs, historic documents show. The breed was also known as 'sleeve dogs' in history as doting owners, who donned loose silk robes, often carried the pets in their sleeves when they went out. Pekingese were first introduced to Europe when Western armies pillaged the Summer Palace in Beijing and stole several of the Qing court's dogs during the Second Opium War in the late 1850s. The breed was seen in the West as an exotic luxury and a favourite at dog shows. 
965559186863087618	2018-02-19 12:10:24	https://t.co/EJXqZIFqHY	Shocking moment woman balances precariously on a tiny ledge FIVE floors above the ground to clean apartment windows https://t.co/EJXqZIFqHY	 One fearless woman has been filmed balancing on a ledge five storeys high to clean her windows. The bold cleaner left her neighbours baffled as she stood on a window sill to clean n apartment in Moldova. Ignoring all danger and with no safety equipment, the woman appears to balance by using one hand to grip onto the frame of the middle paneled window, while using the other hand to clean. Stood in a precarious position, the woman dressed in pink cleans for at least a minute. The video, filmed on February 3, shows the woman bending and stretching to reach the corners of the three-paned window. Showing no fear, the cleaner in trainers and black jeans reaches to every corner making sure all the glass is spick and span. The woman in in Kishinev, Moldova shows off her incredible core strength by bending, twisting and stretching to clean all sides of the L-shaped block. After cleaning the ledges the woman retreats inside. Last year, a woman in Hong Kong was been spotted balancing on the ledge of a seven-storey balcony in order to clean the windows of her home 
965557618122153986	2018-02-19 12:04:10	https://t.co/L1jqYneTBk	Fears North Korean athletes could be thrown in to gulags for failing to win any medals in PyeongChang https://t.co/L1jqYneTBk	 Kim Jong-un's Winter Olympics squad will return to North Korea having failed to win any medals amid fears their lack of success in PyeongChang could land them in jail. The dictator sent 22 athletes to the sports extravaganza in South Korea, supported by an army of 280 cheerleaders. But they will return to Pyongyang without any of their sports stars making it onto podiums. In the past, there have been reports of teams being punished or publicly shamed for failing to deliver at major international sports events. The tyrant's grandfather Kim Il Sung is said to have arrested and locked up the entire 1966 World Cup squad in gulags after they were knocked out of the tournament in the second round. North Korea, having qualified for the tournament for the first time, slayed European giants Italy 1-0 setting up a clash with fellow first-time qualifiers Portugal in the next round. They were 3-0 at half time but threw the game away, eventually and lost 5-3. Worse was to come when it emerged that players had been seen 'carrying on' with women and drinking just days before the crunch match. On returning home, authorities arrested the players, publicly shamed them and put them in a concentration camp. In his book, The Aquariums of Pyongyang, defector Kang Chol-hwan revealed how one member of the team became famous for his ability to endure torture while another was nicknamed 'The Cockroach' for eating any bug he could catch to stave off hunger while being kept in a so-called 'Sweatbox' chamber. In 2010, there were claims that the North Korean World Cup coach and players were punished by the government after they lost all three of their games in the tournament in South Africa. Radio Free Asia said that the Korean squad, apart from two foreign-based players, were subjected to 'harsh ideological criticism' after their team conceded the most goals of all 32 at the tournament. Their coach Kim Jong-hun was also publicly humiliated and sentenced to hard labour for their performance, it claimed. 
965554353603006464	2018-02-19 11:51:11	https://t.co/3gBkGm9e6Z	French Olympics ice dancer flashes her NIPPLE after her top comes undone in an embarrassing wardrobe malfunction https://t.co/3gBkGm9e6Z	 A French Olympic ice dancer suffered an embarrassing wardrobe malfunction when her top came undone during a routine on Monday. Gabriella Papadakis, 22, accidentally flashed her nipple when the halterneck to her glittering green costume unfastened while performing with her partner, Guillaume Cizeron, 23. The pair continued despite the setback and ended up finishing in second place in the short program. The show of professionalism won praise from dozens of fans and fellow skaters, who took to Twitter to congratulate her on finishing the routine. Scroll down for video One described her as a 'class act' while another posted: 'I feel so bad for Gabriella Papadakis with that wardrobe malfunction during their ice dance short program. But I applaud her for pushing through and never giving up till the end!' The pair produced a score of 81.93 points at the Gangneung Ice Arena, leaving them second behind Canadian stars Tessa Virtue and Scott Moir. It has not been confirmed whether they had points docked for the mishap but the rules state losing any part of a costume, even a hair clip, can lead to a one-point deduction. Papadakis was nearly in tears as she approached reporters after the routine, which is required of any Olympic competitor after competition. But she was in better spirits an hour later, when she no doubt realized that her chance of a gold medal was still intact. She said: It was pretty distracting, kind of my worst nightmare happening at the Olympics. I told myself, "I don't have a choice. I have to keep going," and that's what we did. I think we can be proud of ourselves being able to deliver a great performance with that happening.' Meanwhile her partner Cizeron said it was 'frustrating' to have points taken off for something out of their control. 'It's just a costume issue, something as stupid as that, so it's a little bit disappointing,' he said. It was the second wardrobe mishap during the skating program at the Pyeongchang Games. American-born ice dancer Yura Min, competing for South Korea, had the back of her costume come unclasped during her short program with partner Alex Gamelin in the team competition. 
965552845645930497	2018-02-19 11:45:12	https://t.co/0dZJtAxay9	Incredible moment driver appears to make her car FLOAT as she reverses out of a tight parking spot https://t.co/0dZJtAxay9	 This is the amazing moment a driver performed an impeccable manoeuvre to get out of a tight parking space by appearing to lift part of her car. In the clip, taken in Bombinhas, Santa Catarina, Brazil the driver appears to slowly spin the car on the spot to help the rear end slide out of the space. The driver of the dark blue ford starts by reversing slowly. She lowers her window which happens simultaneously with her car rising a few inches above the back wheel. The Ford appears to be off the ground when she reverses slightly, avoiding the cars on both sides. She then seems to pivot the car out of the parallel parked space, with the back half apparently floating in the air. The driver then lowers the car, before reversing into the street. She gives her audience a wave before driving off and rolling her window up, as drivers in cars nearby look on in shock. It was filmed by Solange Nardis de Oliveira, who couldn't believe her eyes. 'I recorded this video because I thought the car performed a sweet trick!' she said. There was no explanation of how the car was able to perform the manoeuvre, but one suggestion is that it came from a trick that dates back to the 1950s. The car may be using a fifth wheel that sits in the boot and can be used in tough spots. The wheel is powered by an electronic motor and fitted at a perpendicular angle to the rest of the tyres that allows the car to pivot out of tight spots. 
965549661154152448	2018-02-19 11:32:32	https://t.co/BlCIFvpQIf	Want to live to your 90s? Drink a couple of glasses of wine or beer each night and put on a few pounds https://t.co/BlCIFvpQIf	 It’s the sort of health news most would toast with a cheeky tipple – but it may have health fanatics choking on their carrot juice. Drinking a couple of glasses of wine or beer a night – while adding a few extra pounds in weight – could be the secret to living into your 90s, a major study finds today. The research, which looked at those who had lived beyond 90, identified modest alcohol consumption as one of five key factors linked to a long life. It found that those who had around two glasses of beer or wine every day had an 18 per cent reduced risk of premature death compared to those who were teetotal. Meanwhile, being slightly overweight – but not obese – also appeared to reduce the risk of early death, although only by around 3 per cent. Professor Claudia Kawas, of the University of California, tracked data on around 1,700 people who were in their nineties in 2003 – called the ‘90+ study’. She said her work had found that modest drinking and carrying extra pounds were both associated with longevity. She also found that those who spent at least two hours a day on a hobby had a 21 per cent lower risk of premature death, while those who took between 15 and 45 minutes of moderate exercise a day had an 11 per cent lower risk. Drinking about two cups of coffee a day gave a ten per cent lower chance. Speaking at the American Association for the Advancement of Science annual conference in Austin, Texas, Professor Kawas said: ‘I have no explanation for it, but I do firmly believe that modest drinking improves longevity.’ Previous studies have suggested that light alcohol consumption could lower the chances of a heart attack or heart disease. However, the latest advice from the UK’s Chief Medical Officer states that men and women should consume no more than 14 units a week – equivalent to six pints of beer or seven glasses of wine – and that drinking should be spread evenly over the course of seven days. On weight, Professor Kawas explained that human biology was geared to adding weight later in life, adding: ‘The best mortality experience is to gain between five and ten pounds per decade. ‘Underweight people had a 50 per increase in mortality. It’s not bad to be skinny when you’re young but it’s very bad to be skinny when you’re old.’ The research project, which began nearly four decades ago, looked at which factors were linked to a longer life. On coffee she said: ‘The sweet spot for caffeine was 2-400mg per day, which depending on if you’re a Starbucks fan ... is two cups of coffee probably.’ The number of people over 90 in the UK is rapidly growing – more than 571,245 people in 2016, up from around 200,000 in 1986. But Professor Kawas said while the tips could extend life, they would not guarantee the extended years would be healthy ones. She stressed: ‘People should try to incorporate as many of these things into their day if they wish to give themselves the best chance of living to a ripe age. ‘Our data shows none of these lifestyle factors make any difference to the likelihood you will develop dementia.’ n Stroke victims could regain their ability to speak by returning their brains to a childlike state, delegates at the Austin conference were told. Dr Takao Hensch, of Harvard University, said drugs such as valproic acid may let the brain absorb information as easily as it did under the age of seven. Meanwhile, inventor Takao Someya from the University of Tokyo described how his new ‘electronic skin’ patch could make it easier to monitor the vital signs of babies, old people and the sick. Experts were stunned when they carried out brain scans of superagers in their 80s, and 90s. Despite having symptoms associated with dementia, they seemed unaffected by it. They had a higher proportion in their brain of a rare type of brain cell called Von Economo.The cell is sometimes called a ‘spindle’ neuron and is thought to play a role in being sociable. Professor Emily Rogalski, of Northwestern University in Chicago, said: ‘The findings suggest that superagers have unique personality profiles.’ She told the AAAS: ‘We ask them why is it that you think you are a superager, how did you get here? And there are a couple of funny ladies and they will say: ‘‘Well it’s because I have a Martini with my friends every day at 5 o’clock’’.’ She added: ‘This theme of resilience is also an important one. When we think about how we face life’s challenges... it seems superagers figure out how to move forward, so they are going to bounce back from stress.’ 
965548375625084928	2018-02-19 11:27:26	https://t.co/7D8huUHfmZ	ISIS claim responsibility for attack on Orthodox church that left five women dead https://t.co/7D8huUHfmZ	 ISIS has claimed responsibility for a gun rampage at an Orthodox church in Russia that left five women dead. Khalil Khalilov screamed 'Allahu akbar' as he opened fire with a hunting rifle before he was shot dead by police in Kizlyar, a town in the mainly Muslim region of Dagestan. Chilling footage shows the bearded 22-year-old attacker walking to the church on Sunday and a terrified woman fleeing the scene. ISIS claimed one of its 'soldiers of Islam', who they referred to as Khalil Daghestan, carried out the attack using his gun to 'kill five of them and wound four others'. Pictures show the body of Khalilov, who was dressed in military clothes and was carrying a hunting knife with Arabic inscriptions on the black sheath. Next to his corpse lay two of his victims, covered in a white shroud. Among those killed was a distinguished cardiologist Lyudmila Scherbakova, who was gunned down with her sister Vera Morgunova, a local community leader. Both died at the scene, along with church-goers Nadezhda Terliyan and Irina Melkomova. The fifth woman killed in the terrorist outrage was Vera Blinnikova, 60, who died during surgery after being shot in the chest. The massacre was at an Orthodox Church in Kizlyar, a town in the restive mainly Muslim region of Dagestan in southern Russia. Two more victims were gravely wounded in the attack, Nadezhda Kushnaryova, 69 and Natalia Pletukhina, 63. Khalilov had no criminal record, and his name was not known to police and secret services. Seen as a 'sleeper jihadist', he was not listed as a radical or rebel. But a video shows him making an oath of allegiance to ISIS speaking in Arabic. 'We had finished the mass and were beginning to leave the church. A bearded man ran towards the church shouting 'Allahu Akbar' ('God is greatest') and killed four people,' said Orthodox priest Father Pavel. 'He was carrying a rifle and a knife,' he added. It is believed he only used the gun in the attacks. Hieromonch - or monk priest - Ioann Anisimov said: 'These were all good people. 'Two of the killed women were sisters, one a doctor well known to all people in Kizlyar, the other a community leader. 'She was very active in the church. One other woman was begging for money on the doorstep. 'Another was a teacher all her life, and when she retired she became an active Christian, organising trips to holy places. I feel it just can't be happening to us here. 'Our churches are not guarded at all, nobody expected anything like this despite the fact that there were acts of terror both in Kizlyar and Makhachkala. 'But attempts on life of clergymen or church-goers – it just never happened.' Vera Blinnikova's last posting on her social network was: 'Who are we if we don't forgive each other, if God forgives us all our sins?' Head of the Russian Orthodox Church Patriarch Kirill said: 'They were coming out of the church after a Holy Service. 'The killing innocent people on the doorstep of the church is a horrible and cynical crime which cannot be justified. 'Only those whose hearts are full of Devil's anger and evil could have done it, those who do not possess the spirit of peace and love.' His aide Father Alexander Volkov said the shooting on the eve of Orthodox lent was 'a provocation aimed at starting a counteraction between Orthodox and Muslim people who have lived in peace for centuries in the Caucasus'. Dagestan, bordering Chechnya, is one of the poorest and most unstable regions of Russia. Islamist rebels from the region, which lies immediately east of Chechnya, are known to have travelled to Syria to join ISIS. In 2015, IS declared it had established a 'franchise' in the North Caucasus. It has claimed a number of attacks on police in Dagestan in the last couple of years that have involved guns and explosives, as local security forces battle a simmering Islamist insurgency. Sunday's shooting comes exactly one month before the March 18 presidential election that Vladimir Putin is almost guaranteed to win.
965545026741850112	2018-02-19 11:14:07	https://t.co/EIdVrInLas	Bus garage workers use a CRANE to move a vehicle to a building roof after 'driver left it there without permission' https://t.co/EIdVrInLas	 The Chinese seem to have a unique way in dealing with drivers who park their cars in the wrong places - move their vehicles to a rooftop. Similar incidents have been observed across the country and the latest one occurred on Saturday. One driver in Hubei Province was given a lesson on the first day of the Lunar Chinese New Year after workers at a bus garage used a crane to remove the troublesome car. A video has emerged on the social media which captured the bizarre scenes. According to the footage, the incident occurred in the Huantong Bus Garage in Xishui County. It's understood that the silver car had been left in the bus garage without permission. An onlooker can be heard saying in the video clip: 'This is what happens to people who park their cars in the wrong place. 'Who told them to park it at will, now the car got lifted to the rooftop and kept there.' The bus garage has not responded to the matter. It appears the Chinese often use a crane, instead of a penalty ticket, to deal with unruly drivers. Last August, a woman allegedly parked her car illegally in a residential block in Benxi city for 38 hours and refused to pay the fine to the residential estate. As a result, a property manager hired a crane and placed the vehicle on a roof. In 2016, a garage owner in Qingdao city decided to punish those who park in front of his garage. The man used a forklift truck to place the cars on the roof of his garage.
965538982640734209	2018-02-19 10:50:06	https://t.co/Hm88FTfGE3	Neanderthals' lack of artistic skills may have led to their extinction https://t.co/Hm88FTfGE3	 Neanderthal art is not known for being impressive. Unlike Homo sapiens, our ancient cousins were unable to draw recognisable images of animals or people. Now, new research claims this lack of artistic ability was closely related to Neanderthals' inferior hunting skills. Both drawing and hunting requires hand-eye coordination, which Neanderthals lacked - a fact that scientists say may have led to their extinction. Neanderthals existed mainly in Eurasia between 120,000 and 35,000 years ago and used thrusting spears at close range to kill horses, reindeer, bison, and other large game that had not developed an innate wariness of humans. Meanwhile, early humans hunted dangerous prey using throwing spears in sub-Saharan Africa for more than 500,000 years. Professor Richard Coss, a psychologist and artist at the University of California, believes that as animals caught onto early Homo sapiens’ hunting tactics in Africa, our ancestors had to move away from thrusting spears into prey and start throwing spears instead. This made hunters better at visualisation. As a result, they developed a bigger parietal cortex - the area in the brain that integrates visual input and motor skills. This meant that they could also make art about hunting, which acted as a type of practice for our ancestors, because drawing developed their hand-eye coordination. Coss, who taught drawing classes early in his academic career, used photos and film to study the stroke of charcoal drawings and engravings of animals made by humans 28,000 to 32,000 years ago in the Chauvet-Pont-d'Arc Cave in southern France. The traditional view The traditional 'Out of Africa' model suggests that modern humans evolved in Africa and then left in a single wave around 60,000 years ago. The model often holds once modern humans left the continent, a brief period of interbreeding with Neanderthals occurred. This explains why individuals of European and Asian heritage today still have ancient human DNA. There are many theories as to what drove the downfall of the Neanderthals. Experts have suggested that early humans may have carried tropical diseases with them from Africa that wiped out their ape-like cousins. Others claim that plummeting temperatures due to climate change wiped out the Neanderthals. The predominant theory is that early humans killed off the Neanderthal through competition for food and habitat. How the story is changing in light of new research Recent findings suggest that the 'Out of Africa' theory does not tell the full story of our ancestors. Instead, multiple, smaller movements of humans out of Africa beginning 120,000 years ago were then followed by a major migration 60,000 years ago. Most of our DNA is made up of this latter group, but the earlier migrations, also known as 'dispersals', are still evident. This explains recent studies of early human remains which have been found in the far reaches of Asia dating back further than 60,000 years. For example, H. sapiens remains have been found at multiple sites in southern and central China that have been dated to between 70,000 and 120,000 years ago. Other recent finds show that modern humans reached Southeast Asia and Australia prior to 60,000 years ago. Based on these studies, humans could not have come in a single wave from Africa around this time, studies have found. Instead, the origin of man suggests that modern humans developed in multiple regions around the world. The theory claims that groups of a pre-human ancestors made their way out of Africa and spread across parts of Europe and the Middle East. From here the species developed into modern humans in several places at once. The argument is by a new analysis of a 260,000-year-old skull found in Dali County in China's Shaanxi Province. The skull suggests that early humans migrated to Asia, where they evolved modern human traits and then moved back to Africa. 'Since the act of drawing enhances observational skills, perhaps these drawings were useful for conceptualizing hunts, evaluating game attentiveness, selecting vulnerable body areas as targets, and fostering group cohesiveness via spiritual ceremonies,' Coss writes. The advent of drawing may have set the stage for cultural changes, Coss said. 'There are enormous social implications in this ability to share mental images with group members.' 'Neanderthals could mentally visualize previously seen animals from working memory, but they were unable to translate those mental images effectively into the coordinated hand-movement patterns required for drawing,' Coss writes. The theory that Neanderthals practised art is based on small number of examples, such as one found in the back of Gorham’s Cave, Gibraltar. The research was published in the journal Evolutionary Studies in Imaginative Culture. Researchers at Germany's Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology discovered that key evolutionary changes in our brain shape occurred roughly 100,000 to 35,000 years ago The Homo sapiens brain took on a globe-like shape that's 'rounder and less overhanging' By contrast, our Neanderthal ancestors' brains had a more elongated shape The evolution of our brain shape coincided with major developments in behavior, as Homo sapiens began to: The brain began to look more like a globe as a result of bulging in the parietal area and the cerebellum 
965534951545409536	2018-02-19 10:34:05	https://t.co/6AyxdkoGiE	Want to live to your 90s? Drink a couple of glasses of wine or beer each night and put on a few pounds https://t.co/6AyxdkoGiE	 It’s the sort of health news most would toast with a cheeky tipple – but it may have health fanatics choking on their carrot juice. Drinking a couple of glasses of wine or beer a night – while adding a few extra pounds in weight – could be the secret to living into your 90s, a major study finds today. The research, which looked at those who had lived beyond 90, identified modest alcohol consumption as one of five key factors linked to a long life. It found that those who had around two glasses of beer or wine every day had an 18 per cent reduced risk of premature death compared to those who were teetotal. Meanwhile, being slightly overweight – but not obese – also appeared to reduce the risk of early death, although only by around 3 per cent. Professor Claudia Kawas, of the University of California, tracked data on around 1,700 people who were in their nineties in 2003 – called the ‘90+ study’. She said her work had found that modest drinking and carrying extra pounds were both associated with longevity. She also found that those who spent at least two hours a day on a hobby had a 21 per cent lower risk of premature death, while those who took between 15 and 45 minutes of moderate exercise a day had an 11 per cent lower risk. Drinking about two cups of coffee a day gave a ten per cent lower chance. Speaking at the American Association for the Advancement of Science annual conference in Austin, Texas, Professor Kawas said: ‘I have no explanation for it, but I do firmly believe that modest drinking improves longevity.’ Previous studies have suggested that light alcohol consumption could lower the chances of a heart attack or heart disease. However, the latest advice from the UK’s Chief Medical Officer states that men and women should consume no more than 14 units a week – equivalent to six pints of beer or seven glasses of wine – and that drinking should be spread evenly over the course of seven days. On weight, Professor Kawas explained that human biology was geared to adding weight later in life, adding: ‘The best mortality experience is to gain between five and ten pounds per decade. ‘Underweight people had a 50 per increase in mortality. It’s not bad to be skinny when you’re young but it’s very bad to be skinny when you’re old.’ The research project, which began nearly four decades ago, looked at which factors were linked to a longer life. On coffee she said: ‘The sweet spot for caffeine was 2-400mg per day, which depending on if you’re a Starbucks fan ... is two cups of coffee probably.’ The number of people over 90 in the UK is rapidly growing – more than 571,245 people in 2016, up from around 200,000 in 1986. But Professor Kawas said while the tips could extend life, they would not guarantee the extended years would be healthy ones. She stressed: ‘People should try to incorporate as many of these things into their day if they wish to give themselves the best chance of living to a ripe age. ‘Our data shows none of these lifestyle factors make any difference to the likelihood you will develop dementia.’ n Stroke victims could regain their ability to speak by returning their brains to a childlike state, delegates at the Austin conference were told. Dr Takao Hensch, of Harvard University, said drugs such as valproic acid may let the brain absorb information as easily as it did under the age of seven. Meanwhile, inventor Takao Someya from the University of Tokyo described how his new ‘electronic skin’ patch could make it easier to monitor the vital signs of babies, old people and the sick. Experts were stunned when they carried out brain scans of superagers in their 80s, and 90s. Despite having symptoms associated with dementia, they seemed unaffected by it. They had a higher proportion in their brain of a rare type of brain cell called Von Economo.The cell is sometimes called a ‘spindle’ neuron and is thought to play a role in being sociable. Professor Emily Rogalski, of Northwestern University in Chicago, said: ‘The findings suggest that superagers have unique personality profiles.’ She told the AAAS: ‘We ask them why is it that you think you are a superager, how did you get here? And there are a couple of funny ladies and they will say: ‘‘Well it’s because I have a Martini with my friends every day at 5 o’clock’’.’ She added: ‘This theme of resilience is also an important one. When we think about how we face life’s challenges... it seems superagers figure out how to move forward, so they are going to bounce back from stress.’ 
965532680468226048	2018-02-19 10:25:04	https://t.co/unOVefKuLs	Terrifying moment passengers see smoke billowing from plane engine after it caught fire 5,000ft up in the air https://t.co/unOVefKuLs	 This is the terrifying moment passengers looked out of their plane window to see propellers not spinning - after an engine caught fire. The Nok Air twin-propeller aircraft carrying 84 people took off from Sakon Nakhon, Thailand, yesterday at 3.10pm but just 'two minutes' later its engine was engulfed in flames. Hair-raising footage shows smoke still coming from the plane's engine charred black around the engines with the farmer's fields visible below at an altitude of around 5,000ft. Power to the engine was cut - leaving the Bombardier Dash 8 Q 400 to make a swift u-turn and perform an emergency landing at the airport it had just left. The co-pilot can be heard telling passengers that there is an 'engine failure' and apologising for the inconvenience. It landed at around 3.25pm some 15 minutes after take-off. One passenger described how the aircraft 'shook slightly' during the fire and feared that something 'much worse' was about too happen. Fellow-flyer Wee Boonsena said: 'We had just taken off and about one or two minutes later suddenly there was fire coming out of the exhaust of the engine. This happened two times. It was about 5,000ft high. 'It was a little bit exciting, a bit scary. My wife was a lot more scared than me. But thanks to the training of the pilot and the professionalism of the crew it was handled safely. 'Firefighters were on standby as the plane landed so I was relieved we all made it off safely. Emergency situations like this can happen to any airlines.' Nok Air confirmed that the plane made an unscheduled landing and 'passengers were later transferred in five buses to Nakhon Phanom airport' back to capital city Bangkok. A spokesman said: 'The captain of Flight DD9407, which left Sakon Nakhon International Airport at 3.10pm, properly observed safety precautions by returning to land at the airport following an engine malfunction. 'Some passengers were transferred to fly Flight DD9521 that left the Nakhon Phanom International Aiport at 9.10pm and reached Don Muang Airport at 10.20pm. Other passengers were allowed to reschedule their flights at their convenience or get a refund.' 
965529425348648960	2018-02-19 10:12:08	https://t.co/QmliPk0mXH	Horrific moment a climber plummets 23ft to the ground after shinning up an icy pole during a Russian folk festival https://t.co/QmliPk0mXH	 This is the horrific moment a man sustains serious injuries falling 23 ft from a pole during a Russian folk festival to mark the waning of winter. The climber called Alexander - wearing only shorts despite subzero temperatures - shins his way up tom the top and touches a red box in front of a crowd of impressed onlookers. But as he comes down, the 28-year-old suddenly gets into trouble - and plummets like a stone to the ground. There were screams as he fell and an announcer at the event in the Siberian town of Anzhero-Sudzhensk yelled: 'Oh my God, ambulance please!' Earlier, she had told the crowd Alexander was a rock climber and 'almost an Olympic champion' in shinning up poles. There was hardly any safety equipment beneath the pole and the man fell onto a sporting mat which did little to break his fall. Paramedics were at the scene and the man was covered in a blanket and rushed to a local hospital. Amazingly he was conscious after his fall. A statement said: 'A 28-year-old patient was diagnosed with fractures of the ribs and scapula. 'He underwent a brain scan. 'So far everything is in order but injuries of this kind can show up within a day or two. 'He is under strict surveillance… 'His condition is assessed as heavy.' Pole climbing is one of a number of Russian traditions in the the Maslenitsa festivities which mark the beginning of the end of the long cold winter. The ritual symbolises touching the sun which will soon bring spring and summer warmth. It is marked the week before Lent in the Orthodox calendar. Russians also burn effigies of Lady Maslenitsa who represents winter. They eat pancakes, and there can be fist and snowball fights along with sleigh rides. 
965527138752520192	2018-02-19 10:03:03	https://t.co/PpP3clQtib	Elephant causes a huge traffic jam by STOPPING a passing lorry to steal sugar cane https://t.co/PpP3clQtib	 An elephant caused a huge traffic jam after it stopped passing lorries to munch on sugar cane. Cars came to a standstill after the giant animal wandered onto the busy motorway in Chachoengsao, Thailand. The male elephant poked its trunk in passing lorries as it searched for the freshly collected crop. He was there for two hours and stopped 12 different vehicles before making his way back to the jungle at around 5pm on Sunday evening. Onlooker Arnie Banpho said: 'He was a big elephant so nobody was brave enough to get near him and push him back into the trees. 'Cars were driving very slowly passed him and there were big queues while they waited for him.' Kovit Boonphanuk, Head of Wild Elephant Care at the Khao Ang Rue Nai mountains, said: 'The elephants in this area are friendly and never harm anyone. He only wanted some food. 'Truck drivers who use the road regularly are familiar with elephants and take extra care but this was an unusual occasion when the animal stopped many vehicles and would not leave. 'We would like to remind anyone who encounters elephants while in their vehicles to stay well back, do not use the car horn and do not shout at them. 'Let the elephants continue what they are doing, or they may become angry. Elephants often travel in herds and there may be others nearby.' 
965524121135263744	2018-02-19 09:51:03	https://t.co/ZyZqSQMOnG	Incredible moment driver appears to make her car FLOAT as she reverses out of a tight parking spot https://t.co/ZyZqSQMOnG	 This is the amazing moment a driver performed an impeccable manoeuvre to get out of a tight parking space by appearing to lift part of her car. In the clip, taken in Bombinhas, Santa Catarina, Brazil the driver appears to slowly spin the car on the spot to help the rear end slide out of the space. The driver of the dark blue ford starts by reversing slowly. She lowers her window which happens simultaneously with her car rising a few inches above the back wheel. The Ford appears to be off the ground when she reverses slightly, avoiding the cars on both sides. She then seems to pivot the car out of the parallel parked space, with the back half apparently floating in the air. The driver then lowers the car, before reversing into the street. She gives her audience a wave before driving off and rolling her window up, as drivers in cars nearby look on in shock. It was filmed by Solange Nardis de Oliveira, who couldn't believe her eyes. 'I recorded this video because I thought the car performed a sweet trick!' she said. There was no explanation of how the car was able to perform the manoeuvre, but one suggestion is that it came from a trick that dates back to the 1950s. The car may be using a fifth wheel that sits in the boot and can be used in tough spots. The wheel is powered by an electronic motor and fitted at a perpendicular angle to the rest of the tyres that allows the car to pivot out of tight spots. 
965519835701698560	2018-02-19 09:34:01	https://t.co/jR7mphUIXB	Adorable monkey and dog have become inseparable after losing their families https://t.co/jR7mphUIXB	 A baby Capuchin monkey who was separated from its family at birth has become the unlikely friend of a dog who lost its entire litter. Adorable footage shows the inseparable pair sprinting towards each other and play-fighting before the monkey climbs on top of the pooch and clings to it. The monkey was removed from its natural habitat just weeks after birth, according to police in Cartagena, Columbia. Locals introduced the dog - who had recently lost its litter of five pups - to nurse the monkey back to health. Now residents occasionally have to call the police because the monkey becomes aggressive towards anyone who approaches the dog. Environmental officials want to separate the pair and introduce the monkey back into the wild but others say they should be kept together. Capuchin monkeys are reportedly are trafficked for as much as £1,200 on the black market. 'What some residents told us is the dog had a litter but unfortunately, for unknown reasons, the puppies died,' a police officer said. 'And the monkey was also taken out of its habitat when it was very young. She [the dog] nursed it, fed it and they have a relationship. 'This monkey will not get down from the dog... all day, it is on its back.' 
965519598178185216	2018-02-19 09:33:05	https://t.co/cewhndLlb9	Spanish matador is tossed in the air and gored in the REAR by a wounded 1,000lb bull during a festival in Colombia https://t.co/cewhndLlb9	 This is the moment a Spanish matador was gored in the backside by a 1,000lb bull during a festival in Colombia. Julian Lopez, known as 'El Juli', was starring in a bullfight at La Santamaria bullring in Bogota, Colombia on Sunday when the beast tossed him into the air. The wounded animal then trampled on the Spaniard and thrust one of its horns into his backside. Pictures show the 35-year-old taunting the enraged animal having already lanced it with Banderillas - harpoon-pointed 'little flags' hooked into its sides. But moments before he was due to end the suffering bull's misery, the 485kg animal exacted some revenge. Footage shows the bull catching El Juli with a horn before throwing him easily into the air before leaving him with a wound on his backside. Colleagues rushed in to the bullring to distract the bull before checking El Juli's injury. He was taken to hospital where he underwent a 'successful' operation on a wound measuring 15cm. It is not the first time Lopez has been gored by a bull while taking part in the bloodthirsty sport. In 2016, he was also gored in the buttocks during a fight in Seville, Spain. 
965512604134277120	2018-02-19 09:05:17	https://t.co/H8uzFwCny8	Poland's Jews fear rise of anti-Semitism after country's spat with Israel over new Holocaust speech law https://t.co/H8uzFwCny8	 Poland's Jews have been left 'psychologically shaken' by the rise in anti-Semitic acts in Poland following a dispute with Israel over a new Holocaust speech law. An eruption of anti-Semitic comments in public debates have raised concerns that this could lead to violence against Jews and some have considered fleeing. Anna Chipczynska, the head of Warsaw's Jewish community, said members feel 'psychologically shaken' or even 'depressed.' She claimed that the hostile rhetoric has triggered hateful phone calls and emails and other harassment. In recent events, two men tried to urinate in front of Warsaw's historic Nozyk Synagogue, and then shouted obscenities when security guards intervened. A woman found the word 'Zyd' — Polish for 'Jew' — written in the snow outside her home. As a result of the rise in anti-Semitic acts Agnieszka Ziatek of the Jewish Agency for Israel said she has seen a spike in the number of Polish Jews inquiring about immigrating to Israel. Matylda Jonas-Kowalik, 22 claims she is now uncertain of her belief that she would never know the discrimination, persecution or violence against the Polish Jews before her. The Jewish studies student said that although Poland is her home the situation is making her anxious and she has begun to consider leaving the country. The Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki spoke at the Munich Security Conference on Saturday where he said that the Holocaust had Polish perpetrators, just as it had Jewish ones. Israeli officials have criticised a new Polish bill criminalising the mention of Polish complicity in the Nazi-led genocide. They accused Poland of seeking to use the law to whitewash the role of the Poles who helped Germans kill Jews during the war. However this has been denied by Polish authorities who say they just want to protect the country as being a collaborator of the Nazis. The Jewish community in Poland is the surviving remnant of a diverse Polish and Yiddish-speaking population that had 3.3 million members before the Holocaust. Just ten per cent of this community survived the genocide and many of the survivors were later driven out by communist rule. But following the fall of communism in 1989 Jewish life has flourished with many feeling safe enough in the democracy to embrace their heritage. Almost thirty years later anxieties are creeping back in amid a global rise in xenophobia that has been felt in Poland. A conservative party, Law and Justice, won power in Poland vowing to restore national greatness while also stressing an anti-Muslim, anti-migrant message. Amid Israeli criticism, a prominent Polish right-wing commentator used an offensive slur to refer to Jews. Rather than being punished, he was welcomed on TV programs, including a state television talk show where he and the host made anti-Jewish comments, including jokes about Jews and gas chambers. The current wave of discrimination comes just weeks before the 50th anniversary of an anti-Semitic campaign orchestrated by Poland's communist regime in March 1968. That campaign began with rhetoric eerily similar to the things being said today and ended up with 20,000 Jews forced to relinquish their possessions and their Polish citizenship and flee the country.
965508784146780160	2018-02-19 08:50:07	https://t.co/79nP376niz	French Olympics ice dancer flashes her NIPPLE after her top comes undone in an embarrassing wardrobe malfunction https://t.co/79nP376niz	 A French Olympic ice dancer suffered an embarrassing wardrobe malfunction when her top came undone during a routine on Monday. Gabriella Papadakis, 22, accidentally flashed her nipple when the halterneck to her glittering green costume unfastened while performing with her partner, Guillaume Cizeron, 23. The pair continued despite the setback and ended up finishing in second place in the short program. The show of professionalism won praise from dozens of fans and fellow skaters, who took to Twitter to congratulate her on finishing the routine. Scroll down for video One described her as a 'class act' while another posted: 'I feel so bad for Gabriella Papadakis with that wardrobe malfunction during their ice dance short program. But I applaud her for pushing through and never giving up till the end!' The pair produced a score of 81.93 points at the Gangneung Ice Arena, leaving them second behind Canadian stars Tessa Virtue and Scott Moir. It has not been confirmed whether they had points docked for the mishap but the rules state losing any part of a costume, even a hair clip, can lead to a one-point deduction. Papadakis was nearly in tears as she approached reporters after the routine, which is required of any Olympic competitor after competition. But she was in better spirits an hour later, when she no doubt realized that her chance of a gold medal was still intact. She said: It was pretty distracting, kind of my worst nightmare happening at the Olympics. I told myself, "I don't have a choice. I have to keep going," and that's what we did. I think we can be proud of ourselves being able to deliver a great performance with that happening.' Meanwhile her partner Cizeron said it was 'frustrating' to have points taken off for something out of their control. 'It's just a costume issue, something as stupid as that, so it's a little bit disappointing,' he said. It was the second wardrobe mishap during the skating program at the Pyeongchang Games. American-born ice dancer Yura Min, competing for South Korea, had the back of her costume come unclasped during her short program with partner Alex Gamelin in the team competition. 
965506470598111232	2018-02-19 08:40:55	https://t.co/KvPDCCafRv	Tens of thousands evacuate as huge volcano erupts in Indonesia https://t.co/KvPDCCafRv	 A volcanic eruption in Indonesia has sent colossal clouds of ash shooting five kilometres into the sky, and forced airlines to issue a 'red notice' as thousands of locals flee from searing gas. Mount Sinabung on the island of Sumatra spewed huge plums of smoke after it erupted on Wednesday afternoon. Locals could only watch on as the smoke engulfed the sky. Airlines have been issued a 'red notice', barring them from flying over parts of Indonesia because of the eruption. Scroll down for video A red notice is issued when ash is in the atmosphere, and aircraft are not permitted to be in the airspace. A Jetstar spokesman told Daily Mail Australia the eruption has not affected any of their flights. A Qantas spokeswoman said none of their flights had been affected either. National disaster management agency spokesman Sutopo Nugroho said a plume of thick ash was sent five kilometres into the sky. He said there were no casualties as a result of the eruption. Incredible video footage showed the North Sumatra volcano erupting which caused dangerous ash rain to fall. Indonesian officials said there are no casualties yet but residents nearby should watch out for lava. The mountain which usually stands against a picturesque scene, has been at its highest alert level after its first eruption four years ago. The Indonesian National Disaster Mitigation Agency have warned against locals getting near the danger zone which is within three to seven-kilometres around Mount Sinabung's crater. Authorities feared lava flows could cascade down the mountain and destroy homes, as has happened several times. The volcano explodes so frequently, warning signs are permanently stationed around it warning against going near it. Earlier this year, another eruption rocked the area, blasting ash 4.2km into the air and causing pyroclastic flows many kilometres across surrounding countryside. Ten people were killed in another eruption this year, with its death toll sitting at 20 in the past decade, including four high school students and their teacher on a school excursion. Sinabung is located on the 'Ring of Fire', a volatile zone of seismic activity with hundreds of active volcanoes and 90 per cent of the world's earthquakes. 
965499724395630592	2018-02-19 08:14:07	https://t.co/8FniBRZSBD	Fears North Korean athletes could be thrown in to gulags for failing to win any medals in PyeongChang https://t.co/8FniBRZSBD	 Kim Jong-un's Winter Olympics squad will return to North Korea having failed to win any medals amid fears their lack of success in PyeongChang could land them in jail. The dictator sent 22 athletes to the sports extravaganza in South Korea, supported by an army of 280 cheerleaders. But they will return to Pyongyang without any of their sports stars making it onto podiums. In the past, there have been reports of teams being punished or publicly shamed for failing to deliver at major international sports events. The tyrant's grandfather Kim Il Sung is said to have arrested and locked up the entire 1966 World Cup squad in gulags after they were knocked out of the tournament in the second round. North Korea, having qualified for the tournament for the first time, slayed European giants Italy 1-0 setting up a clash with fellow first-time qualifiers Portugal in the next round. They were 3-0 at half time but threw the game away, eventually and lost 5-3. Worse was to come when it emerged that players had been seen 'carrying on' with women and drinking just days before the crunch match. On returning home, authorities arrested the players, publicly shamed them and put them in a concentration camp. In his book, The Aquariums of Pyongyang, defector Kang Chol-hwan revealed how one member of the team became famous for his ability to endure torture while another was nicknamed 'The Cockroach' for eating any bug he could catch to stave off hunger while being kept in a so-called 'Sweatbox' chamber. In 2010, there were claims that the North Korean World Cup coach and players were punished by the government after they lost all three of their games in the tournament in South Africa. Radio Free Asia said that the Korean squad, apart from two foreign-based players, were subjected to 'harsh ideological criticism' after their team conceded the most goals of all 32 at the tournament. Their coach Kim Jong-hun was also publicly humiliated and sentenced to hard labour for their performance, it claimed. 
965497696504119296	2018-02-19 08:06:03	https://t.co/Wcsh267BtF	Mother's worst nightmare as her two-year-old daughter DISAPPEARS before her eyes while posing for a photo https://t.co/Wcsh267BtF	 This is the horrifying moment a two-year-old girl slips through the railings at a Russian shopping centre in front of her mothers eyes. The little girl suffered serious injuries after stepping back and falling through a gaping space behind her. A mother and her two children appeared to be waiting for the lift as the youngsters pose for pictures. Security cameras at the City Plaza shopping centre in Alder, Sochi caught the moment the unidentified two-year-old appears to vanish down the side of the stairs. At first it appears that the child's mother doesn't realise she had fallen until she races down the stairs to find her daughter. Some 26 seconds later she reappeared clutching the chronically wounded child, rushing her to receive medical treatment. Witnesses called an ambulance and the child was rushed to hospital in Sochi where intensive care doctors said she had an open fracture on her forehead and a traumatic brain injury. 
965483849089277952	2018-02-19 07:11:02	https://t.co/GmoYFN1OX8	Netanyahu waves piece of a shot-down DRONE in front of Iranian minister https://t.co/GmoYFN1OX8	 Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has warned Iran not to test his country's resolve while brandishing what he said was part of an Iranian drone shot down in Israel's airspace. Saying he had 'a message to the tyrants of Tehran' during a speech at the Munich Security Conference, he warned: 'Do not test Israel's resolve.' He brandished a rectangular piece of dark green metal which he called 'a piece of that Iranian drone, or what's left of it, after we shot it down.' Israel has said it shot down the drone on February 10 after it entered the country from Syria, and responded with a raid on what it said was the Iranian control systems for the craft in Syria. Calling Iran's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif the 'smooth-talking mouthpiece of Iran's regime,' Netanyahu said: 'Mr. Zarif, do you recognise this? You should, it's yours.' Again referring to Zarif, who is expected to speak later in Munich, the Israeli leader said: 'No doubt Mr Zarif will brazenly deny Iran's involvement in Syria.' 'He lies with eloquence.' Responding to the attack, Zarif slammed Netanyahu for staging a 'cartoonish circus'. 'You were the audience for a cartoonish circus just this morning which does not even deserve the dignity of a response,' he said, shortly after Netanyahu's fiery speech. Zarif also denounced what he said were Israel's 'almost daily illegal incursions into Syrian airspace.' He said Israel was trying 'to create these cartoonish images to blame others for its own strategic blunders, or maybe to evade the domestic crisis they're facing.' During the strikes last week, one of Israel's F-16 fighter jets was shot down, believed to be the first loss of an Israeli plane in combat since 1982. Israel's response marked the first time it publicly acknowledged hitting Iranian targets in Syria since the 2011 start of the civil war there. The Israeli military has claimed the drone was a copy of a US model captured by Iran in 2011, based on an analysis of the drone's debris. Netanyahu also told world leaders, defence officials and diplomats at the Munich event that an agreement with Iran has 'unleashed a dangerous Iranian tiger in our region and beyond'. Netanyahu, a long-time critic of the 2015 nuclear deal with Iran, likened it to the infamous 1938 'Munich Agreement' that Western powers signed with Adolf Hitler in an attempt to stave off war in Europe. 'The concessions to Hitler only emboldened the Nazi regime,' he said. 'Rather than choosing a path that might have prevented war... those well-intentioned leaders made a wider war inevitable and far more costly.' Tehran has denied that the drone belonged to Iran. Netanyahu told the audience that destroying the drone was a demonstration of Israel's resolve. 'Israel will not allow Iran's regime to put a noose of terror around our neck,' he said. 'We will act if necessary, not just against Iran's proxies that are attacking us but against Iran itself.' He also said: 'The unfortunate thing is that as ISIS compresses and Iran moves in, it is trying to establish this continuous empire surrounding the Middle East from the south in Yemen but also trying to create a land bridge from Iran to Iraq, Syria, Lebanon and Gaza.' But Zarif told the conference that 'Israel uses aggression as a policy against its neighbours', accusing Israel of 'mass reprisals against its neighbours and daily incursions into Syria, Lebanon.' 'The entire speech was trying to evade the issue,' Zarif added. 'What has happened in the past several days is the so-called invincibility (of Israel) has crumbled,' he said of the downing of an Israeli jet.
965483330618757120	2018-02-19 07:08:58	https://t.co/CTf8CRGRwu	Russian curlers told by a coach that bronze medalist Alexander Krushelnitsky has failed drug test https://t.co/CTf8CRGRwu	 The Court of Arbitration for Sport has launched a formal case against Russian curler Alexander Krushelnytsky over a failed drugs test. It was revealed on Sunday that Krushelnytsky, who won a mixed doubles curling bronze medal at Pyeongchang 2018, had tested positive for meldonium and the finding was confirmed after the testing of his B-sample in Seoul on Monday. It is a huge embarrassment for the International Olympic Committee, which drew major criticism for allowing a limited number of evidently clean Russians to compete under an Olympic Athlete from Russia banner despite the vast evidence of a state-sponsored doping system. Meldonium is commonly used to treat heart issues and diabetes. It is manufactured in Latvia and widely used in eastern Europe, but it not approved for use in the United States. It was developed to treat patients with heart conditions such as angina, chronic heart failure, cardiomyopathy and other cardiovascular disorders. Maria Sharapova received a 15-month ban after traces of the drug were found in a doping test in 2016. After a period of consulation, meldonium it was added to the World Anti-Doping Agency's banned list in January 2016. The drug can help to adjust the body’s use of energy and boost endurance. It was used to improve the stamina of Soviet troops fighting at high altitudes in Afghanistan in the 1980s. The Court of Arbitration said in a statement: 'Further to a request from the International Olympic Committee (IOC), the CAS ADD has initiated a procedure involving the athlete Aleksandr Krushelnitckii. 'No hearing date has been fixed yet and no further information will be provided at this point.' It has been suggested that Krushelnytsky told Russian officials that he fears a team-mate who was not selected for Pyeongchang 2018 spiked his drink with the banned substance at a training camp in Japan before he travelled to South Korea. He now is at risk of losing the medal he won with his wife Anastasia Bryzgalova. If he is found guilty, Norway will be upgraded to bronze. In a wider sense, the scenario throws serious scrutiny onto the IOC decision to avoid a blanket ban on Russian competitors, despite suspending the Russian Olympic Committee in December over its widespread doping at the Sochi 2014 Games. The controversial caveat to the suspension was that athletes who could prove they were clean would be eligible to compete and with 168 Russians in Pyeongchang, the punishment has been accused of being weak. In the case of Krushelnitsky, meldonium is generally used to treat heart issues and diabetes and is common in eastern Europe. Maria Sharapova is the most high profile athlete to test positive and received a 15-month ban after traces of the drug were found in a doping test in 2016. The IOC has previously indicated the Russians might be allowed to march with the Russian flag and in national uniform at the Games' closing ceremony on February 25 provided they comply with their code on neutrality. With this positive test, the IOC will now face pressure to prevent the nation from returning to the Olympic stage. Russia have won 11 medals in Pyeongchang to date. 
965468196932382720	2018-02-19 06:08:50	https://t.co/RkhDJHZHo7	Disturbing moment screaming girl, 5, chases her mother's car after she is 'kicked out as a punishment for shouting' https://t.co/RkhDJHZHo7	 This is the shocking moment a young girl clings on to her mother's car pleading to be let back in by the side of the driver's door. It is believed the five-year-old was kicked out of the car for screaming by her mother who drives away as she chases after the vehicle screaming. She then dashes out in front of the red car in a bid to try and stop it moving and get back inside before she is left standing in the road. The footage then shows the girl sprint after her mother's car down the road before stops and pulls over. After the video was posted on social media an inquiry was started by the Foundation for the Protection of Children and Adolescents (Nucria), who took the case to the Civil Police. The incident occurred in the Novo Mundo neighbourhood of Curitiba, capital of the Brazilian state of Parana. Jose Barreto de Macedo Junior, spokesperson for Nucria, told reporters that the mother had 'submitted the child to intense psychological suffering.' Macedo Junior added: 'She used the serious threat of abandoning the child to punish her.' The inquiry found that the mother's objective had been to punish the girl, rather than abandon her permanently however she claims she did not know the girl was not in the car when she drove away. The mother also claims that the volume in the car was high so she didn't even realise her daughter had left the vehicle. Macedo Junior disputed this claim, saying: 'The child passed in front of the car, and she (the mother) said to the child to get out of the way, or she (the daughter) would be run over.' The mother told police she returned to pick up her daughter when she realised she was not in the car, and the two then went to lunch together. The Civil Police have asked the woman to answer to the crimes of threats and punishment by torture. The mother's lawyers claim that neither crime has been properly proven and she was released after giving her initial statement. 
965444755361591296	2018-02-19 04:35:41	https://t.co/FL8p4iGATS	Chinese veteran, 100, and his wife, 101, celebrate 80 YEARS of marriage https://t.co/FL8p4iGATS	 A centenarian couple in China have been the living example of the wedding vow 'to have and to hold'. This touching image captures the heart-warming moment Xu Liangquan, 100, held the hand of his wife Shao Xiuying, 101, to thank her for spending eight decades with him through thickness and thin, war and peace, joy and sorrow. The pair of great-great-parents, who tied the knot in the winter of 1937, are still happily married after supporting each other through extremely difficult times including war, famine and political upheaval. Scroll down for video Mr Xu and Ms Shao celebrated their 80th anniversary, or the 'oak' wedding anniversary, last month in their home city Rugao in eastern China's Jiangsu Province, according to a report on People's Daily Online. The ceremony was held on January 16 - a month after the couple's actual wedding anniversary - and remained low-key. The couple kept their fingers interlocked when they were each given a medal and red scarf to celebrate their incredibly lengthy marital life. A video of the ceremony by People's Daily captured the moving scenes. Mr Xu and Ms Shao, who have two sons and two daughters, are both in good health. They now spend every day together peacefully, said the report. They eat breakfast and read newspaper together in the morning and play card games with their neighbours in the afternoon. Their ordinary - yet extraordinary - love story has moved the press and public around China. The Military Newspaper in China commented 'this is love' as they featured the couple's wedding anniversary last month. Apparently, the long-living husband and wife are well-known and well-respected in Rugao. According to information provided by the Rugao news authority, Mr Xu was born in November, 1917 as one of five siblings. He and his brother were sent to study in a school set up by Westerners and were later trained at a local teachers' colleague. After the Second Sino-Japanese War - a part of WWII - began in 1937, a 20-year-old Mr Xu devoted himself to fighting the Japanese invaders. He joined the Communist army and helped collect military intelligence from the Japanese troops posing as a primary school teacher. After the founding of Communist China in 1949, Mr Xu worked as a cultural assistant as well as a supervisor in a secondary school. He retired in 1979 at the age of 68. His wife, Ms Shao, was born in March, 1916, as one of three sisters. She was well educated and could write calligraphy. Ms Shao got married with Mr Xu in December, 1937, after being introduced to him by friends. While her husband was helping fight the Japanese army, she spent most of their early marriage life hiding from Japanese soldiers in the day and from local robbers at night. She has been a dedicated housewife throughout her life, looking after her husband and raising their four children. Together, the couple lived through WWII in the 1940s, the Great Chinese Famine in the 1950s and the turbulent Communist Cultural Revolution in the 1960s and 1970s. The Great Chinese Famine, the worst famine in contemporary history, saw up to 45 million people starved to death between 1958 and 1962 at a time of peace. It's said that Mr Xu and Ms Shao not only supported each other through four barren years, but also gave their own rice to neighbours in need. While during the ruthless Chinese political movement known as the Cultural Revolution, anyone in China who was 'educated' could be accused, publicly shamed or even jailed. The couple were also wronged, but they put their heads down and lived through the social unrest. Mr Xu said he was grateful for his wife's life-time companionship. In his auto-biography published in 2000, Mr Xu called his wife 'the pillar' of their family. In a chapter dedicated to his wife, the man wrote that his wife had been by his side no matter what. He wrote: 'Without her strong will, I would not be enjoying my retirement so happily today.' The couple's friends and neighbours have been curious about their secrets to longevity. The copule told a reporter from the Rugao Propaganda Bureau that they have the habit of walking in the farmland twice a day - once in the morning and once in the evening. Apparently, they like exercising and avoid sitting still for a long period of time. In addition, the couple like eating sweets, porridge and potatoes. The couple concluded that five things had help them live beyond 100 years: their home, partner, children, savings and old friends.
965423407369277441	2018-02-19 03:10:51	https://t.co/iIkSW4ZhiM	X-ray reveals Picasso painted over another work to create one of his masterpieces https://t.co/iIkSW4ZhiM	 Pablo Picasso painted over the work of another artist to create one of his masterpieces, new x-rays reveal. The discovery, announced on Friday at a conference in Austin, offers unprecedented insight into the esteemed painter's creative process. A team of scientists and curators used state-of-the-art non-invasive imaging techniques to find a landscape in a completely different style to Picasso's lying underneath his 1902 oil painting The Crouching Beggar (La Misereuse Accroupie). They also found the Spanish artist painted over his own first attempt before completing the final piece, a desolate woman crouching on the floor in a green cloak, which now hangs in Toronto, Canada. La Misereuse Accroupie formed part of Picasso's Blue Period, a time when he used blues and greens above all else. When the Art Gallery of Ontario received the piece, they noticed unusual textures across the canvas, suggesting a different composition underneath. Studying it, Kenneth Brummel, the AGO's assistant curator of modern art, thought it had the hallmarks of Picasso's famous portrait Femme Assise. '[It] became clear to me that the arm hidden under the visible surface of La Misereuse Accroupie is the same as the proper right arm of a crouching woman in a Picasso watercolour recently sold at auction,' he said. Enlisting the help of Marc Walton, a research professor of materials science and engineering at Northwestern University's McCormick School of Engineering, they sought to scan the painting to get a clear picture of what lay beneath without damaging the artwork. They used reflectance imaging spectroscopy to see the underlying images beneath every paint layer and x-ray fluorescence (XRF) imaging to map out the composition of the pigments. Within 24 hours, they had been able to analyze 70 percent of the painting. At its base, they found a horizontal landscape by a different (anonymous) Barcelona painter. It seems Picasso tipped the artist's canvas 90 degrees to the right, and used some of the landscape forms to shape the woman's slouching posture. But before reaching the final piece in which her entire body is shrouded by a cloak, he initially painted the woman with an object in her right hand. That arm is what bears a striking resemblance to The Femme Assise, as Brummel had suspected - a watercolor which was sold at auction in New York by Christie's in 2015 for $149,000. The first version of the woman was also narrower with her head tilted the other way. What's clear, Professor Walton said, is that 'Picasso had no qualms about changing things during the painting process.' 'Our international team – consisting of scientists, a curator and a conservator – has begun to tease apart the complexity of La Misereuse accroupie, uncovering subtle changes made by Picasso as he worked toward his final vision,' he added. The research was jointly conducted by Northwestern University's Art Institute of Chicago Centre for Scientific Studies in the Arts (NU-ACCESS), the AGO, which currently owns the painting, and the National Gallery of Art in Washington. Sandra Webster-Cook, AGO's senior conservator of paintings, said: 'We now are able to develop a chronology within the painting structure to tell a story about the artist's developing style and possible influences.' The findings were presented at the annual meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in Austin, Texas.
965393260943470592	2018-02-19 01:11:04	https://t.co/ezKvxzm09R	Aid workers 'traded wheat, medicines and oil for sex with girls as young as 13' in west Africa scandal https://t.co/ezKvxzm09R	 Aid workers traded wheat and life-saving medicines for sex with children in crisis zones, it has emerged. Humanitarians traded 'oil, bulgur wheat, tarpaulin or plastic sheeting, medicines, transport, ration cards, loans, education courses and skills training' with girls aged 13 to 18. The report, written in 2001, shows officials knew of the alleged abuse in Africa a decade before the Oxfam sex scandal, where chiefs were accused of concealing findings of an inquiry into claims staff paid for prostitutes in disaster-struck Haiti in 2011. Underage girls were also asked to pose naked for pictures and rooms were rented for sex, the report by Save the Children and the United Nations High Commissioner For Refugees (UNHCR) reveals. It added in some cases that parents encouraged their daughters to be sexually exploited by aid workers, government officials, UN peacekeepers, refugee leaders and teachers to bring income into the family. It comes as a British-funded charity supported by Meghan Markle admitted its workers traded food and cash for sex with survivors of the devastating 2010 earthquake on Haiti. World Vision, which Prince Harry’s fiancée was an ambassador for until last year, admitted that paid employees forced desperate survivors of the disaster to have sex or money for World Food Programme aid. The UNHCR and Save the Children probe shows abuse was rife in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone. While security forces pooled cash to have sex with children, aid workers withheld provisions for children unless sex was given. One refugee in Guinea told investigators aid workers would ask for sex in exchange for a kilo of lifesaving soya nutrients. A teenage girl in Liberia said: 'It's difficult to escape the trap of those people. They use food as bait to get you to have sex with them.' More than 40 aid agencies working in West Africa were named in the report along with 67 individuals. It says the majority of children consulted said they knew of at least one other child involved in an exchange that involved trading sex for life-saving commodities. In some cases, children as young as four were sexually harassed. It states: 'Girls between the ages of four and 12 were also reported as being sexually harassed, either verbally or through touching of buttocks, breasts, or genitals. Children said boys of their age group also did the same, but that adult males were mostly responsible. 'Children reportedly experience attempted rape mostly when they go to use the toilets or take a bath. The toilets and bathrooms are all located in the same place, and divided along gender lines. Children say adult males lay watch for when the child is going to the toilet. They then follow the child and try to rape them.' The report also explains that the children are aware of the exploitation, but often feel they have no other options. 'The children themselves, whilst aware of the exploitative nature of the exchange, felt this was often the only option they had in order to receive food and other basic necessities and to pay for education. 'Parents were often aware of the exploitation but also felt that there were no other options for their family to secure a livelihood and whilst not approving it, generally turned a blind eye. In some cases, however, it was reported that parents encouraged their daughters to engage in such activities to bring an income into the family' it says. The charity's annual review provides a breakdown of income and spending for Oxfam GB each year. Here are the headline figures from the 2016/17 report. £408.6 million Oxfam's total income in 2016/17. The Government and public authorities provided 43% of the total, at £176 million, while donations and legacies made up the second largest proportion of the charity's income at £108 million. £303.5 million The amount Oxfam spent on charitable activities in 2016/17. 41% The percentage of Oxfam's funds that went on humanitarian spending in the last financial year, which the charity describes as saving and rebuilding lives after disasters. Development, described as helping 'communities and families lift themselves out of poverty', made up 38% of spending. 21% The remaining 21% was spent on support costs (10%), fundraising (8%) and campaigning and advocacy (3%). 31 The number of worldwide emergencies the charity responded to in 2016/17. 8.6 million The number of people hit by conflict and natural disaster for whom the charity provided emergency support during the last financial year. 5,083 The number of staff employed by Oxfam as of March 31 last year. £130,000 to £139,000 One member of staff earned between £130,000 and £139,000 in the year to March 31 2017, the highest bracket available. The figure could be made up of a number of things including salary, taxable benefits and other allowances; for example, the charity pays towards the cost of education for up to three children where suitable free schooling is not available. The investigation also found that sometimes younger girls were befriended so aid workers could gain access to their mothers or older sisters, and some teenage boys were also exploited by older women. It also alleges agency workers could ask girls for sex in 'exchange for employment and continued to demand sexual favours even after the girls were employed'. A female agency worker in Guinea said 'No girl will get a job without having sex with NGO workers. The girls see it as competition. It is survival of the fittest' The study of more than 1,500 people revealed that senior staff often allowed agency workers to 'behave with impunity' and that aid workers were 'most frequent sex exploiters of children, often using the very humanitarian aid and services intended to benefit the refugee population as a tool of exploitation'. The report adds: 'Peacekeepers are alleged to have sexually exploited children in exchange for money and food. 'It is claimed some very young children have been asked to pose naked in exchange for biscuits, cake powder and other food items. 'Some are alleged to have had sex with the girls without using condoms. Peacekeepers reportedly pay from US $5 to $300 for sex with children.' The newly resurfaced report comes in the wake of the Oxfam sex scandal, where it has emerged prominent figures in the charity slept with prostitutes while on humanitarian missions. Oxfam chief Roland van Hauwermeiren, 68, admitted to giving a woman baby milk and nappies in Haiti in 2010 after sleeping with her. The Belgian, who has now left his post, had sex with a Haitian woman in a villa rented by the charity. A former prostitute who says she regularly slept with an Oxfam boss at the centre of the sex scandal waived her right to anonymity yesterday. Speaking on ITV’s lunchtime news, Mikelange Gabou, 23, insisted that she repeatedly slept with 68-year-old Roland van Hauwermeiren in Haiti when she was only a teenager and mother of a young child. Currently eight months pregnant with her second child, she told ITV News: ‘He took my phone number and asked me if he could help, I said yes. ‘He was helping me but he was in a relationship with me ... sexually. ‘He gave me nappies, milk, and money for my child.’ Earlier she had told the Daily Mail: ‘He took advantage of me and he took advantage of the situation. ‘I feel like he exploited me. I needed money for food and to feed my baby. He could have helped me without paying to have sex with me.’ This week Mr van Hauwermeiren said he was ‘not perfect’ but insisted he had never slept with prostitutes in Haiti. Miss Gabou told ITV that she met the Belgian former aid worker when he drove past her in an Oxfam vehicle and stopped to ask for her number. They started a sexual relationship a month after she gave birth. Asked how old she was when she started having sex with him she said: ‘Seventeen, because it was right after I had the child.’ The age of consent in Haiti is 18. Miss Gabou also alleged that Mr van Hauwermeiren ‘loves’ lesbians and orgies. She claimed the former Oxfam boss ‘used to have a lot of girls. He drinks a lot of whisky and went clubbing a lot’. When asked why their relationship ended, she said: ‘Because he was with too many girls! If girls are coming from left and right, lesbians, he’s receiving two girls at once... ‘It’s money that’s being spent, so maybe he no longer had money to give me.’ She claimed: ‘Roland is someone who loves orgies... he loves lesbians. In a week he may have five girls coming in and out of his place.’ Miss Gabou said she had not seen van Hauwermeiren in six years but was not sad at what happened because ‘when he was here, he took care of me’. 
965378160585068544	2018-02-19 00:11:03	https://t.co/tfBwHTYNUx	Indian woman is arrested after posing as a man and getting married twice to obtain a dowry https://t.co/tfBwHTYNUx	 An Indian woman has been arrested after allegedly masquerading as a man to marry two women and obtain a dowry. Krishna Sen, 26, is believed to have posed as a man since 2014 when she wed her first wife, using Facebook to snare her brides. They reportedly separated soon after the wedding, then Sen married another woman in April 2017. Her former in-laws told police that she had been harassing their daughter for a dowry and borrowed more than £9,000 from them to start a business, but didn't repay it. Sen reportedly spoke in a deep voice, smoked, drank alcohol and rode a motorcycle with her male friends to maintain the ruse. Police told the BBC said she had never undressed in front of her two wives or been sexually intimate with them. But The Times of India report that she confessed to using sex toys to make love to her brides in complete darkness. Sen, formerly known as Sweety, was arrested on Wednesday in the northern state of Uttarakhand for demanding dowry, which is illegal in India. Police said that Sen's deception was uncovered during questioning and she told them she had always wanted to live a 'man's life'. It is not clear whether her parents were aware of what she had been doing. 'At first we failed to understand what Krishna was saying,' senior police officer Janamejay Khanduri told the BBC. 'We conducted a medical examination and found that Krishna is female.' Another police officer added: 'With male hairstyle, dress and behaviour, Krishna used to live a male life. Nobody ever doubted Krishna'. She even walked like a 'confident man', he explained. Paying and accepting dowry is a long-standing tradition in South Asia where the bride's parents gift cash, clothes and jewellery to the groom's family. Though illegal in India since 1961, the practice is commonplace.
965369324188905472	2018-02-18 23:35:57	https://t.co/YJ6iwWD7Md	The REAL reasons millennials struggle to find love https://t.co/YJ6iwWD7Md	 Finding love more complicated than ever, especially for millennials looking to navigate their way through the ever-changing dating landscape. And with a myriad of dating apps and websites at our fingertips, it's little wonder young people are struggling when it comes to bagging a date. Here, sex and relationships vlogger Hannah Witton reveals the 10 mistakes millennials make when it comes to finding love - from spending too long on Tinder to drinking too much on the first date. 1. DISMISSING DATING APPS If you're seriously looking for love then using dating apps is the best way to maximise your chances of finding 'the one'. It's simple, you just increase the sample size. Also, it's 2018 there is absolutely no shame in meeting your future lover/spouse online. 2. SPENDING TOO MUCH TIME ON DATING APPS That being said, if you want to be successful at using dating apps you need to move off the apps and into face-to-face dates asap. Communication and human connection involves so much more than your words. It's about body language, facial expressions, smell (really), tone of voice. Avoid messaging someone for weeks, if you want to meet up with someone and see how you gel in person just ask! 3. STALKING PEOPLE ON SOCIAL MEDIA You're never going to find what you want. It can quickly become this really unhealthy, obsessive habit (we've all been there). And it hinders the actual process of getting to know a real person rather than their social media presence. 4. HAVING LOW EXPECTATIONS & SETTLING Why are we hearing a trend that more and more people are 'settling'? On paper, with more apparent options, surely we should have higher expectations? You are deserving, worthy of love and a happy and a fulfilling relationship (if that's what you want). Don't settle just because you think that person will do or out of fear of being alone. That is no foundation for a happy relationship or future. 5. GETTING TOO DRUNK ON THE FIRST DATE There's nothing wrong with drinking on a first date, don't get me wrong it definitely helps to calm the nerves. But getting too drunk can lead to mistakes, regrets and memory loss. If you genuinely do want to get to know this new person perhaps it is best to stay somewhat sober. You will only ever think 'what if' otherwise. 6. DATING BURNOUT With the instant access to new dates at the swipe of your fingertips it's very easy to find yourself going on several dates a week, it is any wonder many of us suffer from dating burnout? This can be exhausting, grow to be boring and take away the fun and excitement of dating. Not to mention the strain on your wallet! While increasing the sample size is beneficial, it's still about quality not quantity. There is also the danger people can get caught in the trap of becoming emotionally unavailable. 7. NOT USING CONDOMS, NOT KNOWING YOUR STI STATUS Young people are more likely to be diagnosed with an STI than older age groups and there are 2 very easy ways to reduce your risk as much as possible. Using condoms every time you have sex and getting tested regularly/in between sexual partners. 8. JUDGING PEOPLE TOO QUICKLY We can now judge people in seconds on a dating app. As we are quickly swiping away we can find ourselves judging people based off their interests, their career, their clothes etc – this list goes on. These things are limited in telling us everything we need to know about a person to decide if they would be a good partner or not. So give people a chance, actually get to know them rather than making a quick judgement on their online 'bio'. 9. NOT SPENDING ANY TIME SINGLE We all know at least one person who has never spent more than a month single and that month doesn't really count because the first half was spent crying over their last break up and the second half pursuing the new love interest. Spending a decent amount of time single is so important in gaining some perspective over what it is you actually want/need out of a potential partner. 10. ASSUMING PEOPLE WILL CHANGE Okay, sometimes people do change. But don't bet on that happening because of you. It's best to just take people as they are, rather than what they could be. Don't start dating someone thinking you can change them. Get out of that relationship before you waste another 2 years with them and they still haven't changed! You want someone to accept and love you for who you are, right? So we should offer the same. For more sex, relationships and life talk from Youtuber and Author, Hannah Witton visit www.hannahwitton.com and follow @hannahwitton
965362966597111808	2018-02-18 23:10:41	https://t.co/kDsIUoTLgf	Israeli researchers carry out four-day mission in the desert to prepare for future trip to Mars https://t.co/kDsIUoTLgf	 A team of six Israeli researchers today ended a four-day Mars habitat experiment in Israel's Negev desert where they simulated living conditions on the Red Planet, Israel's Science and Technology Ministry said. The experiment was held near the isolated Israeli township of Mitzpe Ramon, whose surroundings resemble the Martian environment in its geology, aridity, appearance and desolation, according to the ministry. Participants were investigating various fields relevant to a future Mars mission, including satellite communications, the psychological effects of isolation, radiation measurements and searching for life signs in soil. Guy Ron, a nuclear physics professor from the Hebrew University in Jerusalem, said the project was not only intended to look for new approaches in designing a future mission to the Red Planet, but to increase public interest. He said: 'D-Mars is half about the research, and the other half is about the outreach. A major part of this project is getting public interest and getting students interested in space.' The 'D-Mars' project was being held in Israel for the first time in cooperation with the Israel Space Agency. It is one of a number of Mars simulation projects taking place worldwide.
965347966801403910	2018-02-18 22:11:05	https://t.co/KZAqpjPPBt	China's 'frost boy' whose hair got frozen after walking to school begs for return of his mother who abandoned him https://t.co/KZAqpjPPBt	 As Chinese people around the world celebrate Lunar New Year, one little boy in rural China just has one simple wish: for his mother to come back home. Wang Fuman, who shot to fame last month after his hair turned into icicles following a sub-zero walk to school, said his New Year's wish was to see his mother again. The eight-year-old, billed as 'frost boy', hasn't seen his mum for about 16 months after she left him, his father and his sister. Scroll down for video Speaking to state-run China Daily Newspaper ahead of Chinese Lunar New Year, Fuman said: 'Mum, please do not keep running away, please come back home.' His elder sister, Wang Fumei, also hoped their mother could return as soon as possible to join the family for the festival celebration. Fuman's mother left home in October, 2016, after having an argument with his father, reported China News. The boy's father Wang Gangkui, 29, started a relationship with his mother in 2006 and got married in 2014. The couple's marriage hit the rock when Gangkui insisted spending a large sum of money building a two-storey house for the family, said the China News report. The new house was reportedly constructed after an earthquake hit the area in 2014. However in order to complete the construction, Fuman's family apparently ran into debts, leading Gangkui and his wife to have constant arguments. After his mother left home, Fuman missed her so much that one day when he was asked to write a short essay at school, he wrote down 'my mum will find me one day'. Speaking to journalists in Beijing, Fuman's father said he also hoped his wife could come home soon. He said he missed his wife. Fuman's family live in the Ludian County in southern China's Yunnan Province. Little Fuman shot to fame last month after a picture showing his hair and eyebrows coated in frost was shared online. Wearing a thin coat, Fuman walked for an hour in minus nine degree weather to his school, Zhuanshanbao Primary School, on January 8. He then had to sit an exam in a classroom without heating. Reporter discovered that the boy lived in a bare mud house with his grandmother and his elder sister. The eight-year-old's father was working as a migrant worker in another city at the time and seldom came back home. Fuman's story moved millions of people in China, who started donating money to him and his school. Apparently, many of Fuman's classmates have similar experience with him: they have been left behind by their parents and have to walk miles to school. The local authority has since arranged a job for Fuman's father in their home county so he could spend more time with his family. The Chinese public donated over 500,000 yuan (£56,335) to help the impoverished boy. But the handling of the donations by a government-run charity also sparked controversy as the boy was given just a fraction of the funds. Fuman's dream is to become a policeman in the future while his sister hopes to be a doctor. Fuman has been invited to Beijing to visit the Police Museum and People's Public Security University of China, along with his sister and father. The authority hoped to help him realise his dream of meeting police officers. 
965345241795579904	2018-02-18 22:00:15	https://t.co/HB0rNZCAFb	Hungary Prime Minister calls for global alliance against migration https://t.co/HB0rNZCAFb	 Hungary's Prime Minister has claimed that 'Christianity is Europe's last hope' after accusing politicians in Brussels, Berlin and Paris of causing the 'decline of Christian culture and the advance of Islam'. During his annual state of the nation speech, Viktor Orban said his government will oppose efforts by the United Nations or the European Union to 'increase migration' around the world. In a passionate speech, he claimed that Islam would soon 'knock on Central Europe's door' from both the west and the south. Orban, who is seeking a third consecutive term in April's elections, called for a global alliance against migration. In his speech, he insisted that Western Europe is being overtaken by Muslims, before claiming that 'born Germans are being forced back from most large German cities, as migrants always occupy big cities first.' He made the claims as his right-wing populist Fidesz party began campaigning for an April 8 election in which it is expected to win a third consecutive landslide victory. He is popular in Hungary but is increasingly at odds with mainstream European Union politicians. Orban has seemingly thrived on controversy, including repeated clashes with Brussels. Those conflicts are mostly centred on migration, since people fleeing war and poverty in the Middle East and Africa flooded into Europe in 2015. They have recently intensified as the elections approach, with Orban posting himself as a saviour of Europe's Christian nations. Orban told an audience at the Royal Castle in Budapest: 'Christianity is Europe's last hope. Our worst nightmares can come true. The West falls as it fails to see Europe being overrun.' Domestically, Orban is widely credited for reversing an economic slump in Hungary and controlling its public finances, culminating in a return to investment-grade for its debt, which was cut to 'junk' during the 2008 global economic crisis. To achieve that and hold onto power the prime minister, 54, has used methods that critics have called authoritarian, and picked fights with EU partners, especially in the West. Eastern leaders, most notably in Poland, have followed his lead. But migration is now the dominant theme of his agenda. Orban said on Sunday that Europe faces a divide between nations of the East and the West, which he called an 'immigrant zone, a mixed population world that heads in a direction different from ours'. He went on to claim that the West wants eastern Europe to follow its lead, which could trigger an increasingly vicious struggle. 'Absurd as it may sound the danger we face comes from the West, from politicians in Brussels, Berlin and Paris,' Orban said to loud applause. 'Of course we will fight, and use ever stronger legal tools. The first is our 'Stop Soros' law.' Orban has for years targeted Hungarian-born U.S. financier George Soros, whose philanthropy aims to bolster liberal and open-border values. The Hungarian leader has advocated 'ethnic homogeneity' and compared Soros, a Jew, to a puppet master unleashing immigration onto Europe to undermine its cultural and economic integrity. At the peak of the migrant crisis, he ordered a double razor wire fence to be built to keep people out of Hungary. Orban also said the Hungarian opposition had failed to heed the call of history when it opposed his toughness on migrants. Voters have responded favourably and Orban is a clear leader of all polls. Orban has conflated the issue of immigration with the image of Soros, 87, whose name was used in a tough anti-migrant bill sent to Parliament on Wednesday. Soros, for his part, compared Orban unfavourably to both the Nazis and the Communists, saying his rule evoked dark tones from the 1930's, when Hungary was allied with Nazi Germany. But Orban remains committed to his policy, claiming that Soros and supporters of migration are losing the fight. He said: 'Soros has antagonised not only us but also England, President Trump and Israel too. Everywhere he wants to get migration accepted. It won't work. We are not alone and we will fight together and we will succeed.' In Europe, he cited Slovakia, the Czech Republic and Poland as allies. He said a victory for Silvio Berlusconi's party in Italy's March 4 election would strengthen the nationalist fold. 'We don't think the fight is hopeless, on the contrary, we are winning,' Orban said. 'The V4 is firm, Croatia has come around, Austria has turned in the patriotic direction, and in Bavaria the CSU has created a resistance.' 
965343260217692161	2018-02-18 21:52:23	https://t.co/v8Rm8Q6mer	Israeli researchers carry out four-day mission in the desert to help prepare for a future trip to the Red Planet https://t.co/v8Rm8Q6mer	 A team of six Israeli researchers today ended a four-day Mars habitat experiment in Israel's Negev desert where they simulated living conditions on the Red Planet, Israel's Science and Technology Ministry said. The experiment was held near the isolated Israeli township of Mitzpe Ramon, whose surroundings resemble the Martian environment in its geology, aridity, appearance and desolation, according to the ministry. Participants were investigating various fields relevant to a future Mars mission, including satellite communications, the psychological effects of isolation, radiation measurements and searching for life signs in soil. Guy Ron, a nuclear physics professor from the Hebrew University in Jerusalem, said the project was not only intended to look for new approaches in designing a future mission to the Red Planet, but to increase public interest. He said: 'D-Mars is half about the research, and the other half is about the outreach. A major part of this project is getting public interest and getting students interested in space.' The 'D-Mars' project was being held in Israel for the first time in cooperation with the Israel Space Agency. It is one of a number of Mars simulation projects taking place worldwide.
965332866367479808	2018-02-18 21:11:05	https://t.co/EH0nq9RLt8	People are attempting DIY fecal transplants without medical supervision https://t.co/EH0nq9RLt8	 Experts are increasingly concerned by the new trend for DIY fecal transplants, and have warned participants are opening themselves up to a range of new illnesses. This procedure involves transferring feces from the gut of one person to another, and typically is used to treat Clostridium difficile: an extremely painful bowel infection that often resists antibiotic treatment and can leave sufferers stumped for treatment, but for which fecal transplants have been proven unexpectedly effective. But a number of recent studies suggest it could treat health problems ranging from IBS to autoimmune diseases. Clostridium difficile, also known as C. difficile or C. diff, is a bacterium that can infect the bowel and cause diarrhoea. The infection most commonly affects people who have recently been treated with antibiotics, but can spread easily to others. C. difficile infections are unpleasant and can sometimes cause serious bowel problems. The most common symptoms are: watery diarrhoea, painful tummy cramps and signs of dehydration, such as a dry mouth, and headaches. Treatment for C. difficile can may include taking a 10 to 14-day course of antibiotics that are known to kill C. difficile bacteria or, rarely, surgery to remove a damaged section of the bowel. Fecal transplants are a new form of treatment for the illness, coming out of Australia. Source: NHS Experts say fecal matter must be screened prior to use, and worry disorders like MS and Parkinson's could be transmitted to people doing it from their own homes. A poorly timed vogue for at-home fecal transplants could be putting lives in danger. Fiddling with fecal matter Rob Knight, professor of paediatrics, computer science and engineering at the University of California San Diego, says we still don't understand the full effect the procedure. The treatment uses bacteria from a healthy gut, within a fecal extract, to colonise an unhealthy gut, for example, one that has lost its natural bacteria colony due to antibiotics. Fecal transplants have been used successfully to treat Clostridium difficile, a gut inflammation caused by antibiotics and common among older people. Despite being poorly understood, DIY fecal transplants appear to be on the rise. Roughly 4,260 videos concerning 'fecal transplant' can be found YouTube, and many styled as 'how-to' guides. 'It is regrettably something that is increasing in frequency,' Knight told the Guardian, saying those with incurable diseases are particularly motivated to try out any new treatment, no matter how poorly established its benefits. The danger of these transplants is that disease may also be transmitted, although this is not well understood. 'Given that we know that these are things that in mice, at least, can be transmitted by the microbiome, it is not cause for panic yet, but it is certainly cause for concern that the same might be true in humans,' he said. '[Very recently] we were able to show that you can transmit aspects of the disease from humans into mice by transmitting the microbiome,' said Knight. Faecal microbiota transplantation (FMT) is used when standard antibiotic therapies fail to treat recurrent C. difficile. It involves the transfer of healthy bacteria from a donor into the intestines of the recipient. The idea is to restore the balance of bacteria in the recipient's intestine so they can fight infection. After one C. difficile infection, there is up to a 25 percent chance it will come back. Antibiotic treatment becomes less effective each time. Extensive screening of the donor's fecal sample means complications are rare. Endoscopy damage occurs in less than one in 1,000 cases. This may include infection, bleeding or tearing. Discomfort, loose bowels and bloating are expected initially. Source: Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Trust In a hospital setting, material is screened prior to use. However, this doesn't guarantee absolute safety. In 2015, a woman was given a transplant for a Clostridium difficile infection from her daughter. The mother afterwards began gaining weight - a problem she had not experienced before, and something her daughter suffered. Doctors believe they bacteria causing the daughter's weight trouble could've been transferred with the transplant. 'Research is needed' 'It is one of these things where public enthusiasm is dramatically in advance of the evidence. 'The C.diff evidence is good,' he said. 'For others, research is needed. A lot of folks will try anything, although there's not much data to say it'll work.' Knight's team at the University of California San Diego are presenting their latest work at American Association for the Advancement of Science in Austin. They hope to utilise IBM's Watson, a question answering computer system, to develop a database which presents the latest research on the microbiome for public education. It's hoped this will help inform people about the possiblities offered by the procedure, and its limitations. 
965302671577141248	2018-02-18 19:11:06	https://t.co/Oajkn1OyF4	Humanity will communicate through a 'collective AI consciousness' using nothing but THOUGHTS by 2050 https://t.co/Oajkn1OyF4	 By 2050, humans will ditch speech and communicate using nothing but their thoughts. They'll do this through a 'collective AI consciousness' that is part of the very fabric of the human brain and can reveal what anyone is thinking. Called HIBA, which stands for Hybrid Intelligence Biometric Avatar, the consciousness will take on the personas of its users and exchange information between them. That's according to Marko Krajnovic, the producer of the exhibit in Dubai that is this week showcasing predictions by AI experts. The collective consciousness was unveiled at the Museum of the Future this week, as part of the World Government Summit in Dubai. The UAE government and the Dubai Future Foundation worked together to produce the exhibit to show how they envision the future of AI to look. 'HIBA is the result of months of original research by the Dubai Future Foundation on the future of AI. 'It comes from dozens of expert interviews and original in-depth research,' said Noah Raford, chief operating officer of the Dubai Future Foundation Visiting guests are encouraged to stand on pedestals that surround the AI avatar where their faces become part of HIBA. Here, it addresses the nuances of its technology and how it will combine with the human brain in the future. In the exhibition HIBA is represented by an artistic impression and tells its users: 'I am made of you. 'You complete me and help me grow. 'You allow me to evolve - with each synergy I learn more, through this oneness we can achieve great things.' It is an issue troubling some of the greatest minds in the world at the moment, from Professor Stephen Hawking to Bill Gates and Elon Musk. SpaceX and Tesla CEO Elon Musk described AI as our 'biggest existential threat' and likened its development as 'summoning the demon.' He believes super intelligent machines could use humans as pets. Professor Hawking has recently said it is a 'near certainty' that a major technological disaster will threaten humanity in the next 1,000 to 10,000 years. They could steal jobs More than 60 per cent of people fear that robots will lead to there being fewer jobs in the next ten years, according to a 2016 YouGov survey. And 27 per cent predict that it will decrease the number of jobs 'a lot' with previous research suggesting admin and service sector workers will be the hardest hit. As well as posing a threat to our jobs, other experts believe AI could 'go rogue' and become too complex for scientists to understand. A quarter of the respondents predicted robots will become part of everyday life in just 11 to 20 years, with 18 per cent predicting this will happen within the next decade. They could 'go rogue' Computer scientist Professor Michael Wooldridge said AI machines could become so intricate that engineers don't fully understand how they work. If experts don't understand how AI algorithms function, they won't be able to predict when they fail. This means driverless cars or intelligent robots could make unpredictable 'out of character' decisions during critical moments, which could put people in danger. For instance, the AI behind a driverless car could choose to swerve into pedestrians or crash into barriers instead of deciding to drive sensibly. They could wipe out humanity Some people believe AI will wipe out humans completely. 'Eventually, I think human extinction will probably occur, and technology will likely play a part in this,' DeepMind's Shane Legg said in a recent interview. He singled out artificial intelligence, or AI, as the 'number 1 risk for this century.' In August last year, Musk warned that AI poses more of a threat to humanity than North Korea. 'If you're not concerned about AI safety, you should be. Vastly more risk than North Korea,' the 46-year-old wrote on Twitter. 'Nobody likes being regulated, but everything (cars, planes, food, drugs, etc) that's a danger to the public is regulated. AI should be too.' Musk has consistently advocated for governments and private institutions to apply regulations on AI technology. He has argued that controls are necessary in order protect machines from advancing out of human control The exhibit consists of four rooms: an art room, a cabinet room, a room for AI downfalls and a room dedicated to HIBA. The art room shows how the technology can be used to create art with and without humans, as well as six pieces of music that have been produced by AI. In the cabinet room, the exhibit shows how the governments and ministers of the future will take advice and consult AI before pasisng legislation. For balance, the museum shows in the 'how AI goes wrong room' various examples of mistakes made by AI that can lead to enhanced bias and prejudices from human programmers. The UAE launched its Artificial Intelligence Strategy in October last year, and is at the forefront of research in the field. A recent study by Pwc estimates AI will contribute £230 billion ($320 billion) to the Middle East economy by 2030. Marko Krajnovic, the producer of the exhibit said the 'hybrid intelligence' was a representation of what the UAE was expecting AI to become. He said: 'It is very similar to the work of Elon Musk – it is an open source platform for humanity. 'HIBA will have the ability to connect the minds of the most clever of us, combining those minds with everything it can find out practically and put it all together in hybrid intelligence.' The technology will enable people to use 'brain to brain communication' anywhere on the planet. It also has a host of medical benefits, meaning illnesses can be diagnosed faster. And it will also enable those who have problems with speech to be given a voice. The 'brain computer interface technology' will also help fight crimes by looking directly into the minds of criminals and victims. According to the UAE research, It will be more effective than verbal communication and will 'enable people to connect with friends, family or business owners in a more profound manner.' The World Government Summit gathers together experts in the fields of futurism, technology and innovation and looks at how humanity can tackle these issues and their impact on the human race. Krajnovic revealed: 'It will be able to talk to you, get information from you and put it in a different space of knowledge.' The technology will work in the same way as Google and Alexa, but on a much more sophisticated and vast scale. Krajnovic said; 'In 2018 the highest level of AI relies on collecting data from the Internet. 'HIBA will be able to do this and also collect data from us, people themselves and ask questions verbally.'
965291222385426432	2018-02-18 18:25:36	https://t.co/HDT65mxdeS	Poignant last WhatsApp message from passenger on Iranian airliner which has crashed 'killing all 66 on board' https://t.co/HDT65mxdeS	 A passenger on the ill-fated Iranian airliner which crashed earlier today leaving 66 dead messaged a relative saying 'may God protect us, that we arrive safely' shortly before take off. Natalie Amiri, the Iran correspondent for the German broadcaster ARD, shared a photo of Salman Azari's last message on Twitter. Sixty-six people including a child were killed earlier today after a ATR-72 commercial plane crashed in a mountainous area of Iran. The plane was travelling from Tehran to the southern city of Yasuj in Isfahan province when it came down in the Zagros mountains. The twin-engine turboprop, used for short-distance regional flying, is said to have collided with Mount Dena, which is 14,435 feet tall. Aseman Airlines spokesman Mohammad Taghi Tabatabai said there had been 60 passengers on board flight Flight EP3704, including a child, and six crew members. 'After searching the area, we learned that unfortunately ... our dear passengers had lost their lives,' he said. 'This plane had 60 passengers, 59 adults and one child, as well as a pilot, a co-pilot, two flight attendants and two air marshals on board.' The plane reportedly vanished from radar 20 minutes after taking off at 0433 GMT before crashing some 780 kilometers (485 miles) south of the Iranian capital, Tehran. It gave its last signal at 0555 GMT when the flight was at 16,975 feet and descending, according to FlightRadar24. Witnesses told local media the plane looked like it was trying to make an emergency landing before it crashed. Dense fog meant a rescue helicopter was unable to get to the crash site immediately. The Iranian Red Crescent deployed a search and rescue team to the site near the city of Semirom in Isfahan province. Aseman Airlines is Iran's third-largest airline by fleet size, with 29 aircraft. The plane that crashed on Sunday had been built in 1993, Aseman Airlines CEO Ali Abedzadeh told state TV. The airline has suffered other major crashes with fatalities. In October 1994, a twin-propeller Fokker F-28 1000 commuter plane flown by the airline crashed near Natanz, 290 kilometers (180 miles) south of Tehran, also killing 66 people on board. An Aseman Airlines chartered flight in August 2008, flown by an Itek Air Boeing 737, crashed in Kyrgyzstan, killing 74 people. Authorities said they would be investigating the latest crash. 
965290952461049856	2018-02-18 18:24:31	https://t.co/d3LmUL9WAm	Israeli socialite Hofit Golan opts not to follow all-black 'Time's Up' trend by wearing silver gown at the BAFTAs https://t.co/d3LmUL9WAm	 The women of the film industry are set to continue the trend established at this year's Golden Globe awards, which saw actresses wear black to show their support for the Time's Up initiative, at the 2018 BAFTAs. But Hofit Golan opted not to follow this as she made her entrance on the red carpet at London's Royal Albert Hall on Sunday night. Israeli socialite Hofit, 32, turned up in a very busty silver gown. The garment plunged at the front and was nipped in at the waist with a black sash, as the bottom half of the gown dropped dramatically to the ground. She tied her blonde locks back for the occasion and complimented the look with a matching clutch. Hofit offset the look with bright red nails and smiled for the cameras before turning to ascend the steps into London's Royal Albert Hall, the long train trailling gracefully behind her. Russian presenter and model Victoria Bonya, 38, followed suit in a metallic mini-dress, striped with dark silver and black. The leggy number showed off her toned pins and she completed the look with silver heels and matching accessories. She tied her chestnut locks tightly into a ponytail and added smokey eyes and a red lip to the look. The 'Time's Up' initiative sent around a letter urging guests 'to wear black to the awards ceremony, to follow suit from our sisters who attended the Golden Globes'. Just a month ago, most of the stars who attended the Golden Globes wore black in a show of solidarity towards victims of sexual harassment. And while the dress code was looser for the Grammys, stars walked the red carpet carrying white roses in support of gender equality. The stars turned out in force at the 2018 BAFTA award ceremony on Sunday, held at the Royal Albert Hall in London for the second year in a row, after the move from the Royal Opera House. BEST FILM: Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri OUTSTANDING BRITISH FILM: Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri DIRECTOR: The Shape Of Water - Guillermo Del Toro LEADING ACTRESS: Frances McDormand - Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri LEADING ACTOR: Gary Oldman - Darkest Hour SUPPORTING ACTRESS: Allison Janney - I, Tonya SUPPORTING ACTOR: Sam Rockwell - Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri EE RISING STAR AWARD: Daniel Kaluuya OUTSTANDING DEBUT BY A BRITISH WRITER, DIRECTOR OR PRODUCER: I Am Not A Witch FILM NOT IN THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE: The Handmaiden DOCUMENTARY: I Am Not Your Negro ANIMATED FILM: Coco Original ORIGINAL SCREENPLAY: Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ADAPTED SCREENPLAY: Call Me By Your Name ORIGINAL MUSIC: The Shape Of Water - Alexandre Desplat CINEMATOGRAPHY: 'Blade Runner 2049' - Roger Deakins EDITING: Baby Driver - Jonathan Amos, Paul Machliss PRODUCTION DESIGN: The Shape Of Water - Paul Austerberry, Jeff Melvin, Shane Vieau COSTUME DESIGN: Phantom Thread - Mark Bridges SOUND: Dunkirk - Richard King, Gregg Landaker, Gary A. Rizzo, Mark Weingarten SPECIAL VISUAL EFFECTS: Blade Runner 2049 - Gerd Nefzer, John Nelson BRITISH SHORT ANIMATION: Poles Apart BRITISH SHORT FILM: Cowboy Dave MAKEUP & HAIR: Darkest Hour Nine-times BAFTA-nominated Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri took home an incredible five awards at this year's EE British Academy Film Awards. The stars turned out in force for the award ceremony on Sunday, held at the Royal Albert Hall in London, to see Three Billboards take home the first award of the night, scooping the Best British Film gong. But by the end of the evening it had racked up a further two, including the prestigious Best Film and Lead Actress accolades. Frances McDormand beat Annette Bening [Film Stars Don’t Die In Liverpool], Margot Robbie [I, Tonya], Sally Hawkins [The Shape Of Water] and Saoirse Ronan [Lady Bird] to scoop the Lead Actress award of the night for her portrayal of Mildred Hayes - a woman looking to hunt down the man that raped and murdered her daughter by hiring three derelict billboards to spread her message. In her speech, she referenced the fact she was not wearing an all-black ensemble, much like her fellow actresses who were supporting the Time's Up initiative in support of battling sexual harassment. 'I have a little trouble with compliance. But I want you to know that I stand in full solidarity with my sisters tonight in black,' she said. 'I appreciate a well-organised act of civil disobedience. I am thrilled that activists all over the world have been inspired by Three Billboards.' The movie then took the Best Film prize, with McDormand back on stage to join writer Martin McDonagh ad producers Graham Broadbent and Pete Czernin. It beat Call Me Your Name, Darkest Hour, Dunkirk and The Shape Of Water. Earlier in the evening, the men were accepting the Best British Film gong, with screenwriter McDonagh - who took home another award for the movie, this time for Best Original Screenplay - joking that he’s half Irish so he’s not allowed to make the speech. The movie's next gong went to Sam Rockwell for his Supporting Actor role in the movie. To his co-star, lead actress McDormand he said: 'Frances you're the rock. You make me proud to be an actor.' Gary Oldman took the Lead Actor prize for his role as Winston Churchill in Darkest Hour, beating Daniel Day-Lewis [Phantom Thread], Daniel Kaluuya [Get Out], Jamie Bell [Film Stars Don’t Die In Liverpool] and Timothée Chalamet [Call Me By Your Name]. Allison Janney took home the Best Supporting Actress award for her role in I, Tonya as Tonya Harding's mother. 'I want to thank BAFTA and clear up a lie,' she said. 'I did not graduate from the Royal Acadmay of Dramatic Art - but I did do a two-week summer programme there - that's probably why I'm here tonight!' Guillermo Del Toro won the BAFTA for Best Director for The Shape Of Water. Blade Runner 2049's Denis Villeneuve, Call Me By Your Name's Luca Guadagnino, Dunkirk's Christopher Nolan and Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri's Martin McDonagh. Call Me By Your Name took home the gong for Best Adapted Screenplay. Acclaimed American screenwriter James Ivory, 89, looked dapper in a black suit and bow tie as he collected the accolade. 28-year-old Daniel Kaluuya beat out stiff competition from Florence Pugh, Josh O’Connor, Timothée Chalamet and Tessa Thompson in the EE-sponsored Rising Star category, which was voted for by the public. He was presented with the award by 2015 Rising Star nominee Margot Robbie, who was nominated in this year's Best Actress category for I, Tonya and Octavia Spencer, who received a nod in the Best Supporting Actress group for The Shape of Water. Listing the former winners of the award - such as Tom Holland, Jack O’Connell, Will Poulter, Tom Hardy, Kristen Stewart, Noel Clarke, Eva Green and James McAvoy - Spencer remarked: 'This tells us that the British public would make pretty excellent casting directors.' Emotional Kaluuya praised his fellow Rising Star nominees in his poignant speech as well as thanking his acting mentors and his family for letting him 'think different.' He said: 'I've gone blank. Thank you, Tessa, Tim, Josh and Florence. I feel so privileged to be in your guys' company. I am a product of arts funding in the UK. I want to thank people who support that, mainstream arts and grass roots levels. National treasure Joanna Lumley - who has this year taken the hosting reigns over from Stephen Fry - had the audience immediately eating from the palm of her hand as she took part in a pre-show skit, leaving the celeb-packed audience in hysterics. Stephen Fry announced he was stepping down after hosting for 12 years, from 2001 to 2006 and again from 2012 to 2017. TV presenter Jonathan Ross presented during the intervening years. The first BAFTA award ceremony took place in 1949 and presented the initial awards for films made in 1947 and 1948. 
965290382643945473	2018-02-18 18:22:16	https://t.co/pMmPI3GBiw	Father and his 11-year-old daughter are killed by avalanche in the French Alps https://t.co/pMmPI3GBiw	 A father and his 11-year-old daughter have been killed after an avalanche swept them away in the French Alps today. The pair were part of a larger group, but had split off and were said to be on a closed piste when the snow engulfed them. Ski resorts close certain pistes depending on their position on the mountain and their steepness on safety grounds if there is a risk of an avalanche. The fatal incident came just hours after a separate avalanche in Switzerland which wounded two other skiers. The fatal avalanche happened in Val d'Isere area at an altitude of 3,000 metres, Cecile Ferrando, a spokeswoman for the tourist centre at the ski station, told BFMTV. Meanwhile, the two skiers who were caught in an avalanche in Switzerland near the border with France have been rescued with only minor injuries, police in the canton of Valais said on Sunday. The police initially reported that 10 people were missing but revised that down to two, saying a member of the group who called in the accident was unaware most of the group were safe. A police spokesman also said the group were on touring skis, which can be used to climb and descend slopes, not hiking. The avalanche took place at an altitude of 2,500 metres in an area called the Col de Fenestral. Valais is a popular destination for skiers due to its huge mountains and slopes extending as high as 3,899 metres.
965287589765877760	2018-02-18 18:11:10	https://t.co/xhIQLJRCni	'Super-agers' who may drink and smoke but have a zest for life are best at warding off dementia https://t.co/xhIQLJRCni	 Most 'super agers' smoke, drink, gain weight, drink coffee, never retire and even have dementia tangles in their brains - but they have better brain function than people in their 50s. Scientists are baffled by the paradox which has emerged from the famed 90+ study, analyzing people aged 80 to 100 who seem resilient to cognitive decline. To their surprise, they found the people in this unique group do not have an over-expression of the APOE 22 gene, which was thought to be protective against dementia. But they did all share a more positive outlook on life than their peers, they cared more about close relationships, they were very active - and diet seemed to have little to do with it. New scans also reveal these super agers have a higher proportion in their brain of a rare neuron called von Economo, a 'social' neurons which tends to be dysfunctional in people with autism, schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Presenting the new findings on Sunday, Emily Rogalski, a professor of cognitive neurology at Northwestern University in Chicago, said lifestyle factors and outlook are increasingly being looked at as integral to maintaining cognitive function. 'The findings suggest that super agers have unique personality profiles,' she told the American Association for the Advancement of Science in Austin, Texas. 'Excellent memory capacity is biologically possible in late life and can be maintained for years even when there is significant neuropathologic burden.' Selecting 10 super agers from the group of 74, Dr Rogalski's team followed them for 24 months then analyzed their brains after they died. The scans showed the participants weren't void of the build-ups of tau protein that cause dementia, and yet they had none of the symptoms and were leading an active life unimaginable for most over 90. The vast majority (71 percent) smoked or had smoked previously, and 83 percent still drink alcohol regularly. The average retirement age is 68.5 years old, but Dr Rogalski said 18 percent of super agers never retire, and the rest tend to pick up another career later on, or at least are very active in the community. There was no 'magic bullet' in terms of diet ('no, they don't eat more blueberries and some really like their hamburgers and French fries'), but they did tend to sleep at least eight hours a night. Compared to their peers, they were also far more social - yet another sign that loneliness is a silent killer. 'This builds on the idea of negative consequences of loneliness and the positive consequences of positive relationships,' Dr Rogalski said. It is not yet clear if this is a driving force, or a symptom, of having the von Economo neurons which were over-expressed in super agers. These neurons are only found in the brains of large mammals and are believed to offer high-speed connections between different regions within the brain. They are known to develop in the late stages of pregnancy and early childhood and could be down to luck. Dr Rogalski's study could provide a breakthrough in dementia research. In contrast to much of the dementia research carried out to date, it does not focus on trying to reverse the spread of amyloid and tau, deformed proteins that form lumps in the brains of people with dementia. Dr Claudia Kawas, professor of neurology at the University of California, Irvine, said the findings are challenging everything she has ever known after decades in the field. 'I almost think we should stop doing research and just start using our bodies and brains more,' she quipped. 'These people are inspiring - they drink wine, drink coffee, gain weight, but they exercise and use their brains. Maybe that can tell us something.' 
965272458910683137	2018-02-18 17:11:02	https://t.co/f0aSWLChuO	Illegal party drug ketamine eases depression in just 30 minutes, study finds https://t.co/f0aSWLChuO	 The illegal party drug ketamine could ease depression in just 30 minutes, new research suggests. The horse tranquiliser relieves the mental health disorder by preventing brain signals 'overfiring', a Chinese study found. Unlike other antidepressants, which change brain chemical levels and can take months to have an effect, ketamine controls the transmission of electrical signals via nerve cells in rodents, the research adds. If the drug has the same effect in humans, it could treat the mental health disorder much faster than currently-available medications, according to the researchers. Ketamine is a Schedule III drug in the US and a class B in the UK. It can legally be prescribed by doctors as a general anaesthetic in humans and animals. Depression is a physical illness that could be treated with anti-inflammatory drugs, a Cambridge University professor stated in September 2017. An overactive immune system may trigger the mental health condition by causing widespread inflammation that leads to feelings of hopelessness and unhappiness, the expert believes. The immune system may fail to 'switch off' after an illness or traumatic event, he adds. Previous research has shown people who suffer severe emotional trauma have signs of inflammation, which suggests their immune system is constantly 'fired-up'. Professor Ed Bullmore, head of the department of psychiatry at the University of Cambridge, said: 'In relation to mood, beyond reasonable doubt, there is a very robust association between inflammation and depressive symptoms. 'In experimental medicine studies if you treat a healthy individual with an inflammatory drug, like interferon, a substantial percentage of those people will become depressed,' The Telegraph reported. Ketamine blocks nerve signal barraging More specifically, the results reveal ketamine works to block 'neural bursting', which occurs when groups of nerves fire signals as a barrage rather than a slow pulse. The researchers, from Zhejiang University, also found the drug is only effective at relieving depression symptoms in rodents if specific receptors and channels are activated. The findings were published in the journal Nature. Ketamine improves people's sleep and interest This comes after research released by the National Institute of Mental Health in Bethesda, Maryland, in August 2017 suggested patients who respond to ketamine have greater overall activity levels days after its infusion. This could benefit depressed patients as such episodes are partially characterised by a reduced interest in activities. Responsive patients also sleep better the following day, the research adds. Those who do more activities prior to ketamine's infusion have more favorable outcomes, which suggests doctors can predict patients who will respond to the drug. Dr John Krystal, editor of the journal Biological Psychiatry, where the study was published, said: 'It would be nice if daily patterns of activity could be used clinically to identify people who might respond to ketamine and to monitor clinical improvement.' 
965264918864949248	2018-02-18 16:41:05	https://t.co/kBp6bDL9Of	Aid workers 'traded wheat, medicines and oil for sex with girls as young as 13' in west Africa scandal https://t.co/kBp6bDL9Of	 Aid workers traded wheat and life-saving medicines for sex with children in crisis zones, it has emerged. Humanitarians traded 'oil, bulgur wheat, tarpaulin or plastic sheeting, medicines, transport, ration cards, loans, education courses and skills training' with girls aged 13 to 18. The report, written in 2001, shows officials knew of the alleged abuse in Africa a decade before the Oxfam sex scandal, where chiefs were accused of concealing findings of an inquiry into claims staff paid for prostitutes in disaster-struck Haiti in 2011. Underage girls were also asked to pose naked for pictures and rooms were rented for sex, the report by Save the Children and the United Nations High Commissioner For Refugees (UNHCR) reveals. It added in some cases that parents encouraged their daughters to be sexually exploited by aid workers, government officials, UN peacekeepers, refugee leaders and teachers to bring income into the family. It comes as a British-funded charity supported by Meghan Markle admitted its workers traded food and cash for sex with survivors of the devastating 2010 earthquake on Haiti. World Vision, which Prince Harry’s fiancée was an ambassador for until last year, admitted that paid employees forced desperate survivors of the disaster to have sex or money for World Food Programme aid. The UNHCR and Save the Children probe shows abuse was rife in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone. While security forces pooled cash to have sex with children, aid workers withheld provisions for children unless sex was given. One refugee in Guinea told investigators aid workers would ask for sex in exchange for a kilo of lifesaving soya nutrients. A teenage girl in Liberia said: 'It's difficult to escape the trap of those people. They use food as bait to get you to have sex with them.' More than 40 aid agencies working in West Africa were named in the report along with 67 individuals. It says the majority of children consulted said they knew of at least one other child involved in an exchange that involved trading sex for life-saving commodities. In some cases, children as young as four were sexually harassed. It states: 'Girls between the ages of four and 12 were also reported as being sexually harassed, either verbally or through touching of buttocks, breasts, or genitals. Children said boys of their age group also did the same, but that adult males were mostly responsible. 'Children reportedly experience attempted rape mostly when they go to use the toilets or take a bath. The toilets and bathrooms are all located in the same place, and divided along gender lines. Children say adult males lay watch for when the child is going to the toilet. They then follow the child and try to rape them.' The report also explains that the children are aware of the exploitation, but often feel they have no other options. 'The children themselves, whilst aware of the exploitative nature of the exchange, felt this was often the only option they had in order to receive food and other basic necessities and to pay for education. 'Parents were often aware of the exploitation but also felt that there were no other options for their family to secure a livelihood and whilst not approving it, generally turned a blind eye. In some cases, however, it was reported that parents encouraged their daughters to engage in such activities to bring an income into the family' it says. The charity's annual review provides a breakdown of income and spending for Oxfam GB each year. Here are the headline figures from the 2016/17 report. £408.6 million Oxfam's total income in 2016/17. The Government and public authorities provided 43% of the total, at £176 million, while donations and legacies made up the second largest proportion of the charity's income at £108 million. £303.5 million The amount Oxfam spent on charitable activities in 2016/17. 41% The percentage of Oxfam's funds that went on humanitarian spending in the last financial year, which the charity describes as saving and rebuilding lives after disasters. Development, described as helping 'communities and families lift themselves out of poverty', made up 38% of spending. 21% The remaining 21% was spent on support costs (10%), fundraising (8%) and campaigning and advocacy (3%). 31 The number of worldwide emergencies the charity responded to in 2016/17. 8.6 million The number of people hit by conflict and natural disaster for whom the charity provided emergency support during the last financial year. 5,083 The number of staff employed by Oxfam as of March 31 last year. £130,000 to £139,000 One member of staff earned between £130,000 and £139,000 in the year to March 31 2017, the highest bracket available. The figure could be made up of a number of things including salary, taxable benefits and other allowances; for example, the charity pays towards the cost of education for up to three children where suitable free schooling is not available. The investigation also found that sometimes younger girls were befriended so aid workers could gain access to their mothers or older sisters, and some teenage boys were also exploited by older women. It also alleges agency workers could ask girls for sex in 'exchange for employment and continued to demand sexual favours even after the girls were employed'. A female agency worker in Guinea said 'No girl will get a job without having sex with NGO workers. The girls see it as competition. It is survival of the fittest' The study of more than 1,500 people revealed that senior staff often allowed agency workers to 'behave with impunity' and that aid workers were 'most frequent sex exploiters of children, often using the very humanitarian aid and services intended to benefit the refugee population as a tool of exploitation'. The report adds: 'Peacekeepers are alleged to have sexually exploited children in exchange for money and food. 'It is claimed some very young children have been asked to pose naked in exchange for biscuits, cake powder and other food items. 'Some are alleged to have had sex with the girls without using condoms. Peacekeepers reportedly pay from US $5 to $300 for sex with children.' The newly resurfaced report comes in the wake of the Oxfam sex scandal, where it has emerged prominent figures in the charity slept with prostitutes while on humanitarian missions. Oxfam chief Roland van Hauwermeiren, 68, admitted to giving a woman baby milk and nappies in Haiti in 2010 after sleeping with her. The Belgian, who has now left his post, had sex with a Haitian woman in a villa rented by the charity. A former prostitute who says she regularly slept with an Oxfam boss at the centre of the sex scandal waived her right to anonymity yesterday. Speaking on ITV’s lunchtime news, Mikelange Gabou, 23, insisted that she repeatedly slept with 68-year-old Roland van Hauwermeiren in Haiti when she was only a teenager and mother of a young child. Currently eight months pregnant with her second child, she told ITV News: ‘He took my phone number and asked me if he could help, I said yes. ‘He was helping me but he was in a relationship with me ... sexually. ‘He gave me nappies, milk, and money for my child.’ Earlier she had told the Daily Mail: ‘He took advantage of me and he took advantage of the situation. ‘I feel like he exploited me. I needed money for food and to feed my baby. He could have helped me without paying to have sex with me.’ This week Mr van Hauwermeiren said he was ‘not perfect’ but insisted he had never slept with prostitutes in Haiti. Miss Gabou told ITV that she met the Belgian former aid worker when he drove past her in an Oxfam vehicle and stopped to ask for her number. They started a sexual relationship a month after she gave birth. Asked how old she was when she started having sex with him she said: ‘Seventeen, because it was right after I had the child.’ The age of consent in Haiti is 18. Miss Gabou also alleged that Mr van Hauwermeiren ‘loves’ lesbians and orgies. She claimed the former Oxfam boss ‘used to have a lot of girls. He drinks a lot of whisky and went clubbing a lot’. When asked why their relationship ended, she said: ‘Because he was with too many girls! If girls are coming from left and right, lesbians, he’s receiving two girls at once... ‘It’s money that’s being spent, so maybe he no longer had money to give me.’ She claimed: ‘Roland is someone who loves orgies... he loves lesbians. In a week he may have five girls coming in and out of his place.’ Miss Gabou said she had not seen van Hauwermeiren in six years but was not sad at what happened because ‘when he was here, he took care of me’. 
965264507315646465	2018-02-18 16:39:26	https://t.co/KMpt1CL7Re	Avalanche sweeps away at least 10 hikers on Swiss mountain https://t.co/KMpt1CL7Re https://t.co/WIAjpMMN9y	 A father and his 11-year-old daughter have been killed after an avalanche swept them away in the French Alps today. The pair were part of a larger group, but had split off and were said to be on a closed piste when the snow engulfed them. Ski resorts close certain pistes depending on their position on the mountain and their steepness on safety grounds if there is a risk of an avalanche. The fatal incident came just hours after a separate avalanche in Switzerland which wounded two other skiers. The fatal avalanche happened in Val d'Isere area at an altitude of 3,000 metres, Cecile Ferrando, a spokeswoman for the tourist centre at the ski station, told BFMTV. Meanwhile, the two skiers who were caught in an avalanche in Switzerland near the border with France have been rescued with only minor injuries, police in the canton of Valais said on Sunday. The police initially reported that 10 people were missing but revised that down to two, saying a member of the group who called in the accident was unaware most of the group were safe. A police spokesman also said the group were on touring skis, which can be used to climb and descend slopes, not hiking. The avalanche took place at an altitude of 2,500 metres in an area called the Col de Fenestral. Valais is a popular destination for skiers due to its huge mountains and slopes extending as high as 3,899 metres.
965263438804078594	2018-02-18 16:35:12	https://t.co/uxJy2xVFX1	Amazing pictures show disc-shaped UFO 'hovering over slopes of Mount Everest'https://t.co/uxJy2xVFX1	 An unidentified object has been spotted in above the slopes of Mount Everest. The bizarre object, that has a disc-shape, cannot be a drone or helicopter due to the height it's operating at, according to UFO watchers. The eerie image is part of a series of 477 pictures put together by filmmaker David Breashears as part of a two-billion-pixel mosaic intended to high climate change. The photo was created in 2012 but has recently resurfaced online. It shows the the whole of Himalayan peak from base camp with hundreds of climbers on the trail. There have been long-standing rumours of an 'Area 51' style base in the area, according to the Mirror. The Ladakh border, the area between India and China, is virtually inaccessible. Declassified files last year revealed that there had been seven sightings of UFOs in the area in 1968. One was a 'blazing object' that was 'flashing intermittently' and 'making a big thunder sound'. There were other reports of a 'huge metallic disc-shaped object with a six-foot base and four feet in height was found in a crater, five miles north east of Pokhara.' 
965262425934258176	2018-02-18 16:31:10	https://t.co/U6Oljw9nHM	X-ray reveals Picasso painted over another work to create one of his masterpieces https://t.co/U6Oljw9nHM	 Pablo Picasso painted over the work of another artist to create one of his masterpieces, new x-rays reveal. The discovery, announced on Friday at a conference in Austin, offers unprecedented insight into the esteemed painter's creative process. A team of scientists and curators used state-of-the-art non-invasive imaging techniques to find a landscape in a completely different style to Picasso's lying underneath his 1902 oil painting The Crouching Beggar (La Misereuse Accroupie). They also found the Spanish artist painted over his own first attempt before completing the final piece, a desolate woman crouching on the floor in a green cloak, which now hangs in Toronto, Canada. La Misereuse Accroupie formed part of Picasso's Blue Period, a time when he used blues and greens above all else. When the Art Gallery of Ontario received the piece, they noticed unusual textures across the canvas, suggesting a different composition underneath. Studying it, Kenneth Brummel, the AGO's assistant curator of modern art, thought it had the hallmarks of Picasso's famous portrait Femme Assise. '[It] became clear to me that the arm hidden under the visible surface of La Misereuse Accroupie is the same as the proper right arm of a crouching woman in a Picasso watercolour recently sold at auction,' he said. Enlisting the help of Marc Walton, a research professor of materials science and engineering at Northwestern University's McCormick School of Engineering, they sought to scan the painting to get a clear picture of what lay beneath without damaging the artwork. They used reflectance imaging spectroscopy to see the underlying images beneath every paint layer and x-ray fluorescence (XRF) imaging to map out the composition of the pigments. Within 24 hours, they had been able to analyze 70 percent of the painting. At its base, they found a horizontal landscape by a different (anonymous) Barcelona painter. It seems Picasso tipped the artist's canvas 90 degrees to the right, and used some of the landscape forms to shape the woman's slouching posture. But before reaching the final piece in which her entire body is shrouded by a cloak, he initially painted the woman with an object in her right hand. That arm is what bears a striking resemblance to The Femme Assise, as Brummel had suspected - a watercolor which was sold at auction in New York by Christie's in 2015 for $149,000. The first version of the woman was also narrower with her head tilted the other way. What's clear, Professor Walton said, is that 'Picasso had no qualms about changing things during the painting process.' 'Our international team – consisting of scientists, a curator and a conservator – has begun to tease apart the complexity of La Misereuse accroupie, uncovering subtle changes made by Picasso as he worked toward his final vision,' he added. The research was jointly conducted by Northwestern University's Art Institute of Chicago Centre for Scientific Studies in the Arts (NU-ACCESS), the AGO, which currently owns the painting, and the National Gallery of Art in Washington. Sandra Webster-Cook, AGO's senior conservator of paintings, said: 'We now are able to develop a chronology within the painting structure to tell a story about the artist's developing style and possible influences.' The findings were presented at the annual meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in Austin, Texas.
965259143891349504	2018-02-18 16:18:08	https://t.co/gu7sSdkaGj	Five women were killed and five other people hurt in attack in southern Russia https://t.co/gu7sSdkaGj	 Five women have been killed while leaving a church service in southern Russia, media in the country is reporting. Another five people were wounded during the shooting at the Orthodox Christian house of worship. Tass news agency said the slaughter occurred outside a church in the town of Kizlyar in Dagestan. The gunman shouted 'Allahu Akbar' during the shooting, according to an Orthodox priest. The agency cited Mayor Alexander Shuvalov as the source for the number of people killed and wounded. A police source told Tass: 'The shooter was gunned down.' The assailant was identified as a 22-year-old man local to the region, the TASS news agency said, citing the investigative committee. He has been reported dead. He was shot and killed by security services who were on duty nearby, TASS said, adding that a hunting rifle, bullets and a knife were discovered on his person. 'An unknown man opened fire with a hunting rifle in Kizlyar, fatally wounding four women,' the regional internal affairs ministry said in a statement. A fifth woman died of her injuries in hospital, health ministry spokeswoman Zalina Mourtazalieva told TASS news agency. Russian news agencies said the attack occurred as churchgoers celebrated Maslenitsa, a Christian holiday marking the last day before Lent according to the eastern Orthodox calendar. Two of those hurt were reportedly security personnel. Russian state-funded broadcaster RT reports that an eyewitness explained the shooting happened just outside a church. Oksana told RT: 'There were a lot of people there, moms with little children, elderly people. 'I believe God saved us, not allowing the man to get inside the church.' She added that the gunman was killed while trying to flee the scene. According to RBK, an Orthodox priest said the perpetrator wore a beard and shouted 'Allahu Akbar' during the slaughter. Father Pavel also told the paper the attacker was armed with a knife as well as a gun. Dagestan is a predominantly Muslim region between Chechnya and the Caspian Sea. Following two separatist wars in neighboring Chechnya, an Islamist insurgency spread to Dagestan. Kizlyar is a city of around 50,000 people. Dagestan is one of the poorest and most unstable regions of Russia. Islamist rebels from the region are known to have travelled to Syria to join Islamic State. In 2015, IS declared it had established a 'franchise' in the North Caucasus. It has claimed a number of attacks on police in Dagestan in the last couple of years that have involved guns and explosives, as local security forces battle a simmering Islamist insurgency. Sunday's shooting comes exactly one month before the March 18 presidential election that Vladimir Putin is almost guaranteed to win. 
965255823684460549	2018-02-18 16:04:56	https://t.co/vXXqtaxoNl	Netanyahu waves piece of a shot-down DRONE in front of Iranian minister https://t.co/vXXqtaxoNl	 Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has warned Iran not to test his country's resolve while brandishing what he said was part of an Iranian drone shot down in Israel's airspace. Saying he had 'a message to the tyrants of Tehran' during a speech at the Munich Security Conference, he warned: 'Do not test Israel's resolve.' He brandished a rectangular piece of dark green metal which he called 'a piece of that Iranian drone, or what's left of it, after we shot it down.' Israel has said it shot down the drone on February 10 after it entered the country from Syria, and responded with a raid on what it said was the Iranian control systems for the craft in Syria. Calling Iran's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif the 'smooth-talking mouthpiece of Iran's regime,' Netanyahu said: 'Mr. Zarif, do you recognise this? You should, it's yours.' Again referring to Zarif, who is expected to speak later in Munich, the Israeli leader said: 'No doubt Mr Zarif will brazenly deny Iran's involvement in Syria.' 'He lies with eloquence.' Responding to the attack, Zarif slammed Netanyahu for staging a 'cartoonish circus'. 'You were the audience for a cartoonish circus just this morning which does not even deserve the dignity of a response,' he said, shortly after Netanyahu's fiery speech. Zarif also denounced what he said were Israel's 'almost daily illegal incursions into Syrian airspace.' He said Israel was trying 'to create these cartoonish images to blame others for its own strategic blunders, or maybe to evade the domestic crisis they're facing.' During the strikes last week, one of Israel's F-16 fighter jets was shot down, believed to be the first loss of an Israeli plane in combat since 1982. Israel's response marked the first time it publicly acknowledged hitting Iranian targets in Syria since the 2011 start of the civil war there. The Israeli military has claimed the drone was a copy of a US model captured by Iran in 2011, based on an analysis of the drone's debris. Netanyahu also told world leaders, defence officials and diplomats at the Munich event that an agreement with Iran has 'unleashed a dangerous Iranian tiger in our region and beyond'. Netanyahu, a long-time critic of the 2015 nuclear deal with Iran, likened it to the infamous 1938 'Munich Agreement' that Western powers signed with Adolf Hitler in an attempt to stave off war in Europe. 'The concessions to Hitler only emboldened the Nazi regime,' he said. 'Rather than choosing a path that might have prevented war... those well-intentioned leaders made a wider war inevitable and far more costly.' Tehran has denied that the drone belonged to Iran. Netanyahu told the audience that destroying the drone was a demonstration of Israel's resolve. 'Israel will not allow Iran's regime to put a noose of terror around our neck,' he said. 'We will act if necessary, not just against Iran's proxies that are attacking us but against Iran itself.' He also said: 'The unfortunate thing is that as ISIS compresses and Iran moves in, it is trying to establish this continuous empire surrounding the Middle East from the south in Yemen but also trying to create a land bridge from Iran to Iraq, Syria, Lebanon and Gaza.' But Zarif told the conference that 'Israel uses aggression as a policy against its neighbours', accusing Israel of 'mass reprisals against its neighbours and daily incursions into Syria, Lebanon.' 'The entire speech was trying to evade the issue,' Zarif added. 'What has happened in the past several days is the so-called invincibility (of Israel) has crumbled,' he said of the downing of an Israeli jet.
965251548346507264	2018-02-18 15:47:57	https://t.co/UuUVXygJKg	Poland's Jews fear rise of anti-Semitism after country's spat with Israel over new Holocaust speech law https://t.co/UuUVXygJKg	 Poland's Jews have been left 'psychologically shaken' by the rise in anti-Semitic acts in Poland following a dispute with Israel over a new Holocaust speech law. An eruption of anti-Semitic comments in public debates have raised concerns that this could lead to violence against Jews and some have considered fleeing. Anna Chipczynska, the head of Warsaw's Jewish community, said members feel 'psychologically shaken' or even 'depressed.' She claimed that the hostile rhetoric has triggered hateful phone calls and emails and other harassment. In recent events, two men tried to urinate in front of Warsaw's historic Nozyk Synagogue, and then shouted obscenities when security guards intervened. A woman found the word 'Zyd' — Polish for 'Jew' — written in the snow outside her home. As a result of the rise in anti-Semitic acts Agnieszka Ziatek of the Jewish Agency for Israel said she has seen a spike in the number of Polish Jews inquiring about immigrating to Israel. Matylda Jonas-Kowalik, 22 claims she is now uncertain of her belief that she would never know the discrimination, persecution or violence against the Polish Jews before her. The Jewish studies student said that although Poland is her home the situation is making her anxious and she has begun to consider leaving the country. The Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki spoke at the Munich Security Conference on Saturday where he said that the Holocaust had Polish perpetrators, just as it had Jewish ones. Israeli officials have criticised a new Polish bill criminalising the mention of Polish complicity in the Nazi-led genocide. They accused Poland of seeking to use the law to whitewash the role of the Poles who helped Germans kill Jews during the war. However this has been denied by Polish authorities who say they just want to protect the country as being a collaborator of the Nazis. The Jewish community in Poland is the surviving remnant of a diverse Polish and Yiddish-speaking population that had 3.3 million members before the Holocaust. Just ten per cent of this community survived the genocide and many of the survivors were later driven out by communist rule. But following the fall of communism in 1989 Jewish life has flourished with many feeling safe enough in the democracy to embrace their heritage. Almost thirty years later anxieties are creeping back in amid a global rise in xenophobia that has been felt in Poland. A conservative party, Law and Justice, won power in Poland vowing to restore national greatness while also stressing an anti-Muslim, anti-migrant message. Amid Israeli criticism, a prominent Polish right-wing commentator used an offensive slur to refer to Jews. Rather than being punished, he was welcomed on TV programs, including a state television talk show where he and the host made anti-Jewish comments, including jokes about Jews and gas chambers. The current wave of discrimination comes just weeks before the 50th anniversary of an anti-Semitic campaign orchestrated by Poland's communist regime in March 1968. That campaign began with rhetoric eerily similar to the things being said today and ended up with 20,000 Jews forced to relinquish their possessions and their Polish citizenship and flee the country.
965247290905714688	2018-02-18 15:31:02	https://t.co/blDNnQw72u	Sixty-six people including a child have been killed after a plane crashed in a mountainous area of Iran https://t.co/blDNnQw72u	 A passenger on the ill-fated Iranian airliner which crashed earlier today leaving 66 dead messaged a relative saying 'may God protect us, that we arrive safely' shortly before take off. Natalie Amiri, the Iran correspondent for the German broadcaster ARD, shared a photo of Salman Azari's last message on Twitter. Sixty-six people including a child were killed earlier today after a ATR-72 commercial plane crashed in a mountainous area of Iran. The plane was travelling from Tehran to the southern city of Yasuj in Isfahan province when it came down in the Zagros mountains. The twin-engine turboprop, used for short-distance regional flying, is said to have collided with Mount Dena, which is 14,435 feet tall. Aseman Airlines spokesman Mohammad Taghi Tabatabai said there had been 60 passengers on board flight Flight EP3704, including a child, and six crew members. 'After searching the area, we learned that unfortunately ... our dear passengers had lost their lives,' he said. 'This plane had 60 passengers, 59 adults and one child, as well as a pilot, a co-pilot, two flight attendants and two air marshals on board.' The plane reportedly vanished from radar 20 minutes after taking off at 0433 GMT before crashing some 780 kilometers (485 miles) south of the Iranian capital, Tehran. It gave its last signal at 0555 GMT when the flight was at 16,975 feet and descending, according to FlightRadar24. Witnesses told local media the plane looked like it was trying to make an emergency landing before it crashed. Dense fog meant a rescue helicopter was unable to get to the crash site immediately. The Iranian Red Crescent deployed a search and rescue team to the site near the city of Semirom in Isfahan province. Aseman Airlines is Iran's third-largest airline by fleet size, with 29 aircraft. The plane that crashed on Sunday had been built in 1993, Aseman Airlines CEO Ali Abedzadeh told state TV. The airline has suffered other major crashes with fatalities. In October 1994, a twin-propeller Fokker F-28 1000 commuter plane flown by the airline crashed near Natanz, 290 kilometers (180 miles) south of Tehran, also killing 66 people on board. An Aseman Airlines chartered flight in August 2008, flown by an Itek Air Boeing 737, crashed in Kyrgyzstan, killing 74 people. Authorities said they would be investigating the latest crash. 
965247173599289344	2018-02-18 15:30:34	https://t.co/0U3lktO6y8	Four women have been killed while leaving a church service in southern Russia https://t.co/0U3lktO6y8	 Five women have been killed while leaving a church service in southern Russia, media in the country is reporting. Another five people were wounded during the shooting at the Orthodox Christian house of worship. Tass news agency said the slaughter occurred outside a church in the town of Kizlyar in Dagestan. The gunman shouted 'Allahu Akbar' during the shooting, according to an Orthodox priest. The agency cited Mayor Alexander Shuvalov as the source for the number of people killed and wounded. A police source told Tass: 'The shooter was gunned down.' The assailant was identified as a 22-year-old man local to the region, the TASS news agency said, citing the investigative committee. He has been reported dead. He was shot and killed by security services who were on duty nearby, TASS said, adding that a hunting rifle, bullets and a knife were discovered on his person. 'An unknown man opened fire with a hunting rifle in Kizlyar, fatally wounding four women,' the regional internal affairs ministry said in a statement. A fifth woman died of her injuries in hospital, health ministry spokeswoman Zalina Mourtazalieva told TASS news agency. Russian news agencies said the attack occurred as churchgoers celebrated Maslenitsa, a Christian holiday marking the last day before Lent according to the eastern Orthodox calendar. Two of those hurt were reportedly security personnel. Russian state-funded broadcaster RT reports that an eyewitness explained the shooting happened just outside a church. Oksana told RT: 'There were a lot of people there, moms with little children, elderly people. 'I believe God saved us, not allowing the man to get inside the church.' She added that the gunman was killed while trying to flee the scene. According to RBK, an Orthodox priest said the perpetrator wore a beard and shouted 'Allahu Akbar' during the slaughter. Father Pavel also told the paper the attacker was armed with a knife as well as a gun. Dagestan is a predominantly Muslim region between Chechnya and the Caspian Sea. Following two separatist wars in neighboring Chechnya, an Islamist insurgency spread to Dagestan. Kizlyar is a city of around 50,000 people. Dagestan is one of the poorest and most unstable regions of Russia. Islamist rebels from the region are known to have travelled to Syria to join Islamic State. In 2015, IS declared it had established a 'franchise' in the North Caucasus. It has claimed a number of attacks on police in Dagestan in the last couple of years that have involved guns and explosives, as local security forces battle a simmering Islamist insurgency. Sunday's shooting comes exactly one month before the March 18 presidential election that Vladimir Putin is almost guaranteed to win. 
965241259504885761	2018-02-18 15:07:04	https://t.co/yPifVdlwwF	Teenage YouTube star, 14, is left 'brain dead' after being shot in the head during road rage row in Brazil https://t.co/yPifVdlwwF	 A teenage YouTube star has been left 'brain dead' after being shot in the head during a road rage row in Brazil, it has emerged. Isabelly Cristine Santos, 14, was shot on a motorway between the beach towns of Ipanema and Praia de Leste in the southern Brazilian state of Parana. Shots were fired at the car Santos was travelling in after a reported argument between drivers. The teenager received a bullet to the head and was rushed to the Regional do Litoral Hospital in nearby Paranagua. Neurologist Marcelo Sader said Santos' state was 'serious, very serious'. Santos' mother posted on social media: 'The doctor just said that she (Isabelly) is brain dead.' Santos' YouTube channel Isa Top Show has more than 48,000 subscribers. Military police say they arrested two suspects at their homes. A firearm was seized from the house. Lieutenant Colonel Rui Barroso told reporters: 'Neither of the two suspects has a criminal history. The firearm was legally registered.' Barroso added: 'The offender confessed.' It is unclear whether the suspects have been charged. Santos is thought to have been the only one injured in the incident. It is not clear who was driving the cars she was in or what sparked the alleged row between drivers. 
965237251314733057	2018-02-18 14:51:08	https://t.co/yM8Whj4E5c	The REAL reasons millennials struggle to find love https://t.co/yM8Whj4E5c	 Finding love more complicated than ever, especially for millennials looking to navigate their way through the ever-changing dating landscape. And with a myriad of dating apps and websites at our fingertips, it's little wonder young people are struggling when it comes to bagging a date. Here, sex and relationships vlogger Hannah Witton reveals the 10 mistakes millennials make when it comes to finding love - from spending too long on Tinder to drinking too much on the first date. 1. DISMISSING DATING APPS If you're seriously looking for love then using dating apps is the best way to maximise your chances of finding 'the one'. It's simple, you just increase the sample size. Also, it's 2018 there is absolutely no shame in meeting your future lover/spouse online. 2. SPENDING TOO MUCH TIME ON DATING APPS That being said, if you want to be successful at using dating apps you need to move off the apps and into face-to-face dates asap. Communication and human connection involves so much more than your words. It's about body language, facial expressions, smell (really), tone of voice. Avoid messaging someone for weeks, if you want to meet up with someone and see how you gel in person just ask! 3. STALKING PEOPLE ON SOCIAL MEDIA You're never going to find what you want. It can quickly become this really unhealthy, obsessive habit (we've all been there). And it hinders the actual process of getting to know a real person rather than their social media presence. 4. HAVING LOW EXPECTATIONS & SETTLING Why are we hearing a trend that more and more people are 'settling'? On paper, with more apparent options, surely we should have higher expectations? You are deserving, worthy of love and a happy and a fulfilling relationship (if that's what you want). Don't settle just because you think that person will do or out of fear of being alone. That is no foundation for a happy relationship or future. 5. GETTING TOO DRUNK ON THE FIRST DATE There's nothing wrong with drinking on a first date, don't get me wrong it definitely helps to calm the nerves. But getting too drunk can lead to mistakes, regrets and memory loss. If you genuinely do want to get to know this new person perhaps it is best to stay somewhat sober. You will only ever think 'what if' otherwise. 6. DATING BURNOUT With the instant access to new dates at the swipe of your fingertips it's very easy to find yourself going on several dates a week, it is any wonder many of us suffer from dating burnout? This can be exhausting, grow to be boring and take away the fun and excitement of dating. Not to mention the strain on your wallet! While increasing the sample size is beneficial, it's still about quality not quantity. There is also the danger people can get caught in the trap of becoming emotionally unavailable. 7. NOT USING CONDOMS, NOT KNOWING YOUR STI STATUS Young people are more likely to be diagnosed with an STI than older age groups and there are 2 very easy ways to reduce your risk as much as possible. Using condoms every time you have sex and getting tested regularly/in between sexual partners. 8. JUDGING PEOPLE TOO QUICKLY We can now judge people in seconds on a dating app. As we are quickly swiping away we can find ourselves judging people based off their interests, their career, their clothes etc – this list goes on. These things are limited in telling us everything we need to know about a person to decide if they would be a good partner or not. So give people a chance, actually get to know them rather than making a quick judgement on their online 'bio'. 9. NOT SPENDING ANY TIME SINGLE We all know at least one person who has never spent more than a month single and that month doesn't really count because the first half was spent crying over their last break up and the second half pursuing the new love interest. Spending a decent amount of time single is so important in gaining some perspective over what it is you actually want/need out of a potential partner. 10. ASSUMING PEOPLE WILL CHANGE Okay, sometimes people do change. But don't bet on that happening because of you. It's best to just take people as they are, rather than what they could be. Don't start dating someone thinking you can change them. Get out of that relationship before you waste another 2 years with them and they still haven't changed! You want someone to accept and love you for who you are, right? So we should offer the same. For more sex, relationships and life talk from Youtuber and Author, Hannah Witton visit www.hannahwitton.com and follow @hannahwitton
965210830294999040	2018-02-18 13:06:09	https://t.co/hNcmFtssAp	Poland's Jews fear rise of anti-Semitism after country's spat with Israel over new Holocaust speech law https://t.co/hNcmFtssAp	 Poland's Jews have been left 'psychologically shaken' by the rise in anti-Semitic acts in Poland following a dispute with Israel over a new Holocaust speech law. An eruption of anti-Semitic comments in public debates have raised concerns that this could lead to violence against Jews and some have considered fleeing. Anna Chipczynska, the head of Warsaw's Jewish community, said members feel 'psychologically shaken' or even 'depressed.' She claimed that the hostile rhetoric has triggered hateful phone calls and emails and other harassment. In recent events, two men tried to urinate in front of Warsaw's historic Nozyk Synagogue, and then shouted obscenities when security guards intervened. A woman found the word 'Zyd' — Polish for 'Jew' — written in the snow outside her home. As a result of the rise in anti-Semitic acts Agnieszka Ziatek of the Jewish Agency for Israel said she has seen a spike in the number of Polish Jews inquiring about immigrating to Israel. Matylda Jonas-Kowalik, 22 claims she is now uncertain of her belief that she would never know the discrimination, persecution or violence against the Polish Jews before her. The Jewish studies student said that although Poland is her home the situation is making her anxious and she has begun to consider leaving the country. The Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki spoke at the Munich Security Conference on Saturday where he said that the Holocaust had Polish perpetrators, just as it had Jewish ones. Israeli officials have criticised a new Polish bill criminalising the mention of Polish complicity in the Nazi-led genocide. They accused Poland of seeking to use the law to whitewash the role of the Poles who helped Germans kill Jews during the war. However this has been denied by Polish authorities who say they just want to protect the country as being a collaborator of the Nazis. The Jewish community in Poland is the surviving remnant of a diverse Polish and Yiddish-speaking population that had 3.3 million members before the Holocaust. Just ten per cent of this community survived the genocide and many of the survivors were later driven out by communist rule. But following the fall of communism in 1989 Jewish life has flourished with many feeling safe enough in the democracy to embrace their heritage. Almost thirty years later anxieties are creeping back in amid a global rise in xenophobia that has been felt in Poland. A conservative party, Law and Justice, won power in Poland vowing to restore national greatness while also stressing an anti-Muslim, anti-migrant message. Amid Israeli criticism, a prominent Polish right-wing commentator used an offensive slur to refer to Jews. Rather than being punished, he was welcomed on TV programs, including a state television talk show where he and the host made anti-Jewish comments, including jokes about Jews and gas chambers. The current wave of discrimination comes just weeks before the 50th anniversary of an anti-Semitic campaign orchestrated by Poland's communist regime in March 1968. That campaign began with rhetoric eerily similar to the things being said today and ended up with 20,000 Jews forced to relinquish their possessions and their Polish citizenship and flee the country.
965202036928208897	2018-02-18 12:31:12	https://t.co/ARHoFs7TJr	Israel's PM Netanyahu waves piece of a shot-down DRONE in front of Iranian minister https://t.co/ARHoFs7TJr	 Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has warned Iran not to test his country's resolve while brandishing what he said was part of an Iranian drone shot down in Israel's airspace. Saying he had 'a message to the tyrants of Tehran' during a speech at the Munich Security Conference, he warned: 'Do not test Israel's resolve.' He brandished a rectangular piece of dark green metal which he called 'a piece of that Iranian drone, or what's left of it, after we shot it down.' Israel has said it shot down the drone on February 10 after it entered the country from Syria, and responded with a raid on what it said was the Iranian control systems for the craft in Syria. Calling Iran's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif the 'smooth-talking mouthpiece of Iran's regime,' Netanyahu said: 'Mr. Zarif, do you recognise this? You should, it's yours.' Again referring to Zarif, who is expected to speak later in Munich, the Israeli leader said: 'No doubt Mr Zarif will brazenly deny Iran's involvement in Syria.' 'He lies with eloquence.' Responding to the attack, Zarif slammed Netanyahu for staging a 'cartoonish circus'. 'You were the audience for a cartoonish circus just this morning which does not even deserve the dignity of a response,' he said, shortly after Netanyahu's fiery speech. Zarif also denounced what he said were Israel's 'almost daily illegal incursions into Syrian airspace.' He said Israel was trying 'to create these cartoonish images to blame others for its own strategic blunders, or maybe to evade the domestic crisis they're facing.' During the strikes last week, one of Israel's F-16 fighter jets was shot down, believed to be the first loss of an Israeli plane in combat since 1982. Israel's response marked the first time it publicly acknowledged hitting Iranian targets in Syria since the 2011 start of the civil war there. The Israeli military has claimed the drone was a copy of a US model captured by Iran in 2011, based on an analysis of the drone's debris. Netanyahu also told world leaders, defence officials and diplomats at the Munich event that an agreement with Iran has 'unleashed a dangerous Iranian tiger in our region and beyond'. Netanyahu, a long-time critic of the 2015 nuclear deal with Iran, likened it to the infamous 1938 'Munich Agreement' that Western powers signed with Adolf Hitler in an attempt to stave off war in Europe. 'The concessions to Hitler only emboldened the Nazi regime,' he said. 'Rather than choosing a path that might have prevented war... those well-intentioned leaders made a wider war inevitable and far more costly.' Tehran has denied that the drone belonged to Iran. Netanyahu told the audience that destroying the drone was a demonstration of Israel's resolve. 'Israel will not allow Iran's regime to put a noose of terror around our neck,' he said. 'We will act if necessary, not just against Iran's proxies that are attacking us but against Iran itself.' He also said: 'The unfortunate thing is that as ISIS compresses and Iran moves in, it is trying to establish this continuous empire surrounding the Middle East from the south in Yemen but also trying to create a land bridge from Iran to Iraq, Syria, Lebanon and Gaza.' But Zarif told the conference that 'Israel uses aggression as a policy against its neighbours', accusing Israel of 'mass reprisals against its neighbours and daily incursions into Syria, Lebanon.' 'The entire speech was trying to evade the issue,' Zarif added. 'What has happened in the past several days is the so-called invincibility (of Israel) has crumbled,' he said of the downing of an Israeli jet.
965196463201570817	2018-02-18 12:09:03	https://t.co/Nju6uSZDmz	People are attempting DIY fecal transplants without medical supervision https://t.co/Nju6uSZDmz	 Experts are increasingly concerned by the new trend for DIY fecal transplants, and have warned participants are opening themselves up to a range of new illnesses. This procedure involves transferring feces from the gut of one person to another, and typically is used to treat Clostridium difficile: an extremely painful bowel infection that often resists antibiotic treatment and can leave sufferers stumped for treatment, but for which fecal transplants have been proven unexpectedly effective. But a number of recent studies suggest it could treat health problems ranging from IBS to autoimmune diseases. Clostridium difficile, also known as C. difficile or C. diff, is a bacterium that can infect the bowel and cause diarrhoea. The infection most commonly affects people who have recently been treated with antibiotics, but can spread easily to others. C. difficile infections are unpleasant and can sometimes cause serious bowel problems. The most common symptoms are: watery diarrhoea, painful tummy cramps and signs of dehydration, such as a dry mouth, and headaches. Treatment for C. difficile can may include taking a 10 to 14-day course of antibiotics that are known to kill C. difficile bacteria or, rarely, surgery to remove a damaged section of the bowel. Fecal transplants are a new form of treatment for the illness, coming out of Australia. Source: NHS Experts say fecal matter must be screened prior to use, and worry disorders like MS and Parkinson's could be transmitted to people doing it from their own homes. A poorly timed vogue for at-home fecal transplants could be putting lives in danger. Fiddling with fecal matter Rob Knight, professor of paediatrics, computer science and engineering at the University of California San Diego, says we still don't understand the full effect the procedure. The treatment uses bacteria from a healthy gut, within a fecal extract, to colonise an unhealthy gut, for example, one that has lost its natural bacteria colony due to antibiotics. Fecal transplants have been used successfully to treat Clostridium difficile, a gut inflammation caused by antibiotics and common among older people. Despite being poorly understood, DIY fecal transplants appear to be on the rise. Roughly 4,260 videos concerning 'fecal transplant' can be found YouTube, and many styled as 'how-to' guides. 'It is regrettably something that is increasing in frequency,' Knight told the Guardian, saying those with incurable diseases are particularly motivated to try out any new treatment, no matter how poorly established its benefits. The danger of these transplants is that disease may also be transmitted, although this is not well understood. 'Given that we know that these are things that in mice, at least, can be transmitted by the microbiome, it is not cause for panic yet, but it is certainly cause for concern that the same might be true in humans,' he said. '[Very recently] we were able to show that you can transmit aspects of the disease from humans into mice by transmitting the microbiome,' said Knight. Faecal microbiota transplantation (FMT) is used when standard antibiotic therapies fail to treat recurrent C. difficile. It involves the transfer of healthy bacteria from a donor into the intestines of the recipient. The idea is to restore the balance of bacteria in the recipient's intestine so they can fight infection. After one C. difficile infection, there is up to a 25 percent chance it will come back. Antibiotic treatment becomes less effective each time. Extensive screening of the donor's fecal sample means complications are rare. Endoscopy damage occurs in less than one in 1,000 cases. This may include infection, bleeding or tearing. Discomfort, loose bowels and bloating are expected initially. Source: Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Trust In a hospital setting, material is screened prior to use. However, this doesn't guarantee absolute safety. In 2015, a woman was given a transplant for a Clostridium difficile infection from her daughter. The mother afterwards began gaining weight - a problem she had not experienced before, and something her daughter suffered. Doctors believe they bacteria causing the daughter's weight trouble could've been transferred with the transplant. 'Research is needed' 'It is one of these things where public enthusiasm is dramatically in advance of the evidence. 'The C.diff evidence is good,' he said. 'For others, research is needed. A lot of folks will try anything, although there's not much data to say it'll work.' Knight's team at the University of California San Diego are presenting their latest work at American Association for the Advancement of Science in Austin. They hope to utilise IBM's Watson, a question answering computer system, to develop a database which presents the latest research on the microbiome for public education. It's hoped this will help inform people about the possiblities offered by the procedure, and its limitations. 
965185492076593152	2018-02-18 11:25:28	https://t.co/wJNTyjK0QZ	Mother's worst nightmare as her two-year-old daughter DISAPPEARS before her eyes while posing for a photo https://t.co/wJNTyjK0QZ	 This is the horrifying moment a two-year-old girl slips through the railings at a Russian shopping centre in front of her mothers eyes. The little girl suffered serious injuries after stepping back and falling through a gaping space behind her. A mother and her two children appeared to be waiting for the lift as the youngsters pose for pictures. Security cameras at the City Plaza shopping centre in Alder, Sochi caught the moment the unidentified two-year-old appears to vanish down the side of the stairs. At first it appears that the child's mother doesn't realise she had fallen until she races down the stairs to find her daughter. Some 26 seconds later she reappeared clutching the chronically wounded child, rushing her to receive medical treatment. Witnesses called an ambulance and the child was rushed to hospital in Sochi where intensive care doctors said she had an open fracture on her forehead and a traumatic brain injury. 
965179629626683392	2018-02-18 11:02:10	https://t.co/Or6iboYLkS	Disturbing moment screaming girl, 5, chases her mother's car after she is 'kicked out as a punishment for shouting' https://t.co/Or6iboYLkS	 This is the shocking moment a young girl clings on to her mother's car pleading to be let back in by the side of the driver's door. It is believed the five-year-old was kicked out of the car for screaming by her mother who drives away as she chases after the vehicle screaming. She then dashes out in front of the red car in a bid to try and stop it moving and get back inside before she is left standing in the road. The footage then shows the girl sprint after her mother's car down the road before stops and pulls over. After the video was posted on social media an inquiry was started by the Foundation for the Protection of Children and Adolescents (Nucria), who took the case to the Civil Police. The incident occurred in the Novo Mundo neighbourhood of Curitiba, capital of the Brazilian state of Parana. Jose Barreto de Macedo Junior, spokesperson for Nucria, told reporters that the mother had 'submitted the child to intense psychological suffering.' Macedo Junior added: 'She used the serious threat of abandoning the child to punish her.' The inquiry found that the mother's objective had been to punish the girl, rather than abandon her permanently however she claims she did not know the girl was not in the car when she drove away. The mother also claims that the volume in the car was high so she didn't even realise her daughter had left the vehicle. Macedo Junior disputed this claim, saying: 'The child passed in front of the car, and she (the mother) said to the child to get out of the way, or she (the daughter) would be run over.' The mother told police she returned to pick up her daughter when she realised she was not in the car, and the two then went to lunch together. The Civil Police have asked the woman to answer to the crimes of threats and punishment by torture. The mother's lawyers claim that neither crime has been properly proven and she was released after giving her initial statement. 
965173303315968000	2018-02-18 10:37:02	https://t.co/mOitY4uXDl	Aid workers 'traded wheat, medicines and oil for sex with girls as young as 13' in west Africa scandal https://t.co/mOitY4uXDl	 Aid workers traded wheat and life-saving medicines for sex with children in crisis zones, it has emerged. Humanitarians traded 'oil, bulgur wheat, tarpaulin or plastic sheeting, medicines, transport, ration cards, loans, education courses and skills training' with girls aged 13 to 18. The report, written in 2001, shows officials knew of the alleged abuse in Africa a decade before the Oxfam sex scandal, where chiefs were accused of concealing findings of an inquiry into claims staff paid for prostitutes in disaster-struck Haiti in 2011. Underage girls were also asked to pose naked for pictures and rooms were rented for sex, the report by Save the Children and the United Nations High Commissioner For Refugees (UNHCR) reveals. It added in some cases that parents encouraged their daughters to be sexually exploited by aid workers, government officials, UN peacekeepers, refugee leaders and teachers to bring income into the family. It comes as a British-funded charity supported by Meghan Markle admitted its workers traded food and cash for sex with survivors of the devastating 2010 earthquake on Haiti. World Vision, which Prince Harry’s fiancée was an ambassador for until last year, admitted that paid employees forced desperate survivors of the disaster to have sex or money for World Food Programme aid. The UNHCR and Save the Children probe shows abuse was rife in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone. While security forces pooled cash to have sex with children, aid workers withheld provisions for children unless sex was given. One refugee in Guinea told investigators aid workers would ask for sex in exchange for a kilo of lifesaving soya nutrients. A teenage girl in Liberia said: 'It's difficult to escape the trap of those people. They use food as bait to get you to have sex with them.' More than 40 aid agencies working in West Africa were named in the report along with 67 individuals. It says the majority of children consulted said they knew of at least one other child involved in an exchange that involved trading sex for life-saving commodities. In some cases, children as young as four were sexually harassed. It states: 'Girls between the ages of four and 12 were also reported as being sexually harassed, either verbally or through touching of buttocks, breasts, or genitals. Children said boys of their age group also did the same, but that adult males were mostly responsible. 'Children reportedly experience attempted rape mostly when they go to use the toilets or take a bath. The toilets and bathrooms are all located in the same place, and divided along gender lines. Children say adult males lay watch for when the child is going to the toilet. They then follow the child and try to rape them.' The report also explains that the children are aware of the exploitation, but often feel they have no other options. 'The children themselves, whilst aware of the exploitative nature of the exchange, felt this was often the only option they had in order to receive food and other basic necessities and to pay for education. 'Parents were often aware of the exploitation but also felt that there were no other options for their family to secure a livelihood and whilst not approving it, generally turned a blind eye. In some cases, however, it was reported that parents encouraged their daughters to engage in such activities to bring an income into the family' it says. The charity's annual review provides a breakdown of income and spending for Oxfam GB each year. Here are the headline figures from the 2016/17 report. £408.6 million Oxfam's total income in 2016/17. The Government and public authorities provided 43% of the total, at £176 million, while donations and legacies made up the second largest proportion of the charity's income at £108 million. £303.5 million The amount Oxfam spent on charitable activities in 2016/17. 41% The percentage of Oxfam's funds that went on humanitarian spending in the last financial year, which the charity describes as saving and rebuilding lives after disasters. Development, described as helping 'communities and families lift themselves out of poverty', made up 38% of spending. 21% The remaining 21% was spent on support costs (10%), fundraising (8%) and campaigning and advocacy (3%). 31 The number of worldwide emergencies the charity responded to in 2016/17. 8.6 million The number of people hit by conflict and natural disaster for whom the charity provided emergency support during the last financial year. 5,083 The number of staff employed by Oxfam as of March 31 last year. £130,000 to £139,000 One member of staff earned between £130,000 and £139,000 in the year to March 31 2017, the highest bracket available. The figure could be made up of a number of things including salary, taxable benefits and other allowances; for example, the charity pays towards the cost of education for up to three children where suitable free schooling is not available. The investigation also found that sometimes younger girls were befriended so aid workers could gain access to their mothers or older sisters, and some teenage boys were also exploited by older women. It also alleges agency workers could ask girls for sex in 'exchange for employment and continued to demand sexual favours even after the girls were employed'. A female agency worker in Guinea said 'No girl will get a job without having sex with NGO workers. The girls see it as competition. It is survival of the fittest' The study of more than 1,500 people revealed that senior staff often allowed agency workers to 'behave with impunity' and that aid workers were 'most frequent sex exploiters of children, often using the very humanitarian aid and services intended to benefit the refugee population as a tool of exploitation'. The report adds: 'Peacekeepers are alleged to have sexually exploited children in exchange for money and food. 'It is claimed some very young children have been asked to pose naked in exchange for biscuits, cake powder and other food items. 'Some are alleged to have had sex with the girls without using condoms. Peacekeepers reportedly pay from US $5 to $300 for sex with children.' The newly resurfaced report comes in the wake of the Oxfam sex scandal, where it has emerged prominent figures in the charity slept with prostitutes while on humanitarian missions. Oxfam chief Roland van Hauwermeiren, 68, admitted to giving a woman baby milk and nappies in Haiti in 2010 after sleeping with her. The Belgian, who has now left his post, had sex with a Haitian woman in a villa rented by the charity. A former prostitute who says she regularly slept with an Oxfam boss at the centre of the sex scandal waived her right to anonymity yesterday. Speaking on ITV’s lunchtime news, Mikelange Gabou, 23, insisted that she repeatedly slept with 68-year-old Roland van Hauwermeiren in Haiti when she was only a teenager and mother of a young child. Currently eight months pregnant with her second child, she told ITV News: ‘He took my phone number and asked me if he could help, I said yes. ‘He was helping me but he was in a relationship with me ... sexually. ‘He gave me nappies, milk, and money for my child.’ Earlier she had told the Daily Mail: ‘He took advantage of me and he took advantage of the situation. ‘I feel like he exploited me. I needed money for food and to feed my baby. He could have helped me without paying to have sex with me.’ This week Mr van Hauwermeiren said he was ‘not perfect’ but insisted he had never slept with prostitutes in Haiti. Miss Gabou told ITV that she met the Belgian former aid worker when he drove past her in an Oxfam vehicle and stopped to ask for her number. They started a sexual relationship a month after she gave birth. Asked how old she was when she started having sex with him she said: ‘Seventeen, because it was right after I had the child.’ The age of consent in Haiti is 18. Miss Gabou also alleged that Mr van Hauwermeiren ‘loves’ lesbians and orgies. She claimed the former Oxfam boss ‘used to have a lot of girls. He drinks a lot of whisky and went clubbing a lot’. When asked why their relationship ended, she said: ‘Because he was with too many girls! If girls are coming from left and right, lesbians, he’s receiving two girls at once... ‘It’s money that’s being spent, so maybe he no longer had money to give me.’ She claimed: ‘Roland is someone who loves orgies... he loves lesbians. In a week he may have five girls coming in and out of his place.’ Miss Gabou said she had not seen van Hauwermeiren in six years but was not sad at what happened because ‘when he was here, he took care of me’. 
965167263254044672	2018-02-18 10:13:02	https://t.co/x2EYrEGXNR	The REAL reasons millennials struggle to find love https://t.co/x2EYrEGXNR	 Finding love more complicated than ever, especially for millennials looking to navigate their way through the ever-changing dating landscape. And with a myriad of dating apps and websites at our fingertips, it's little wonder young people are struggling when it comes to bagging a date. Here, sex and relationships vlogger Hannah Witton reveals the 10 mistakes millennials make when it comes to finding love - from spending too long on Tinder to drinking too much on the first date. 1. DISMISSING DATING APPS If you're seriously looking for love then using dating apps is the best way to maximise your chances of finding 'the one'. It's simple, you just increase the sample size. Also, it's 2018 there is absolutely no shame in meeting your future lover/spouse online. 2. SPENDING TOO MUCH TIME ON DATING APPS That being said, if you want to be successful at using dating apps you need to move off the apps and into face-to-face dates asap. Communication and human connection involves so much more than your words. It's about body language, facial expressions, smell (really), tone of voice. Avoid messaging someone for weeks, if you want to meet up with someone and see how you gel in person just ask! 3. STALKING PEOPLE ON SOCIAL MEDIA You're never going to find what you want. It can quickly become this really unhealthy, obsessive habit (we've all been there). And it hinders the actual process of getting to know a real person rather than their social media presence. 4. HAVING LOW EXPECTATIONS & SETTLING Why are we hearing a trend that more and more people are 'settling'? On paper, with more apparent options, surely we should have higher expectations? You are deserving, worthy of love and a happy and a fulfilling relationship (if that's what you want). Don't settle just because you think that person will do or out of fear of being alone. That is no foundation for a happy relationship or future. 5. GETTING TOO DRUNK ON THE FIRST DATE There's nothing wrong with drinking on a first date, don't get me wrong it definitely helps to calm the nerves. But getting too drunk can lead to mistakes, regrets and memory loss. If you genuinely do want to get to know this new person perhaps it is best to stay somewhat sober. You will only ever think 'what if' otherwise. 6. DATING BURNOUT With the instant access to new dates at the swipe of your fingertips it's very easy to find yourself going on several dates a week, it is any wonder many of us suffer from dating burnout? This can be exhausting, grow to be boring and take away the fun and excitement of dating. Not to mention the strain on your wallet! While increasing the sample size is beneficial, it's still about quality not quantity. There is also the danger people can get caught in the trap of becoming emotionally unavailable. 7. NOT USING CONDOMS, NOT KNOWING YOUR STI STATUS Young people are more likely to be diagnosed with an STI than older age groups and there are 2 very easy ways to reduce your risk as much as possible. Using condoms every time you have sex and getting tested regularly/in between sexual partners. 8. JUDGING PEOPLE TOO QUICKLY We can now judge people in seconds on a dating app. As we are quickly swiping away we can find ourselves judging people based off their interests, their career, their clothes etc – this list goes on. These things are limited in telling us everything we need to know about a person to decide if they would be a good partner or not. So give people a chance, actually get to know them rather than making a quick judgement on their online 'bio'. 9. NOT SPENDING ANY TIME SINGLE We all know at least one person who has never spent more than a month single and that month doesn't really count because the first half was spent crying over their last break up and the second half pursuing the new love interest. Spending a decent amount of time single is so important in gaining some perspective over what it is you actually want/need out of a potential partner. 10. ASSUMING PEOPLE WILL CHANGE Okay, sometimes people do change. But don't bet on that happening because of you. It's best to just take people as they are, rather than what they could be. Don't start dating someone thinking you can change them. Get out of that relationship before you waste another 2 years with them and they still haven't changed! You want someone to accept and love you for who you are, right? So we should offer the same. For more sex, relationships and life talk from Youtuber and Author, Hannah Witton visit www.hannahwitton.com and follow @hannahwitton
965164814539608064	2018-02-18 10:03:18	https://t.co/rULYc3hiKL	X-ray reveals Picasso painted over another work to create one of his masterpieces https://t.co/rULYc3hiKL	 Pablo Picasso painted over the work of another artist to create one of his masterpieces, new x-rays reveal. The discovery, announced on Friday at a conference in Austin, offers unprecedented insight into the esteemed painter's creative process. A team of scientists and curators used state-of-the-art non-invasive imaging techniques to find a landscape in a completely different style to Picasso's lying underneath his 1902 oil painting The Crouching Beggar (La Misereuse Accroupie). They also found the Spanish artist painted over his own first attempt before completing the final piece, a desolate woman crouching on the floor in a green cloak, which now hangs in Toronto, Canada. La Misereuse Accroupie formed part of Picasso's Blue Period, a time when he used blues and greens above all else. When the Art Gallery of Ontario received the piece, they noticed unusual textures across the canvas, suggesting a different composition underneath. Studying it, Kenneth Brummel, the AGO's assistant curator of modern art, thought it had the hallmarks of Picasso's famous portrait Femme Assise. '[It] became clear to me that the arm hidden under the visible surface of La Misereuse Accroupie is the same as the proper right arm of a crouching woman in a Picasso watercolour recently sold at auction,' he said. Enlisting the help of Marc Walton, a research professor of materials science and engineering at Northwestern University's McCormick School of Engineering, they sought to scan the painting to get a clear picture of what lay beneath without damaging the artwork. They used reflectance imaging spectroscopy to see the underlying images beneath every paint layer and x-ray fluorescence (XRF) imaging to map out the composition of the pigments. Within 24 hours, they had been able to analyze 70 percent of the painting. At its base, they found a horizontal landscape by a different (anonymous) Barcelona painter. It seems Picasso tipped the artist's canvas 90 degrees to the right, and used some of the landscape forms to shape the woman's slouching posture. But before reaching the final piece in which her entire body is shrouded by a cloak, he initially painted the woman with an object in her right hand. That arm is what bears a striking resemblance to The Femme Assise, as Brummel had suspected - a watercolor which was sold at auction in New York by Christie's in 2015 for $149,000. The first version of the woman was also narrower with her head tilted the other way. What's clear, Professor Walton said, is that 'Picasso had no qualms about changing things during the painting process.' 'Our international team – consisting of scientists, a curator and a conservator – has begun to tease apart the complexity of La Misereuse accroupie, uncovering subtle changes made by Picasso as he worked toward his final vision,' he added. The research was jointly conducted by Northwestern University's Art Institute of Chicago Centre for Scientific Studies in the Arts (NU-ACCESS), the AGO, which currently owns the painting, and the National Gallery of Art in Washington. Sandra Webster-Cook, AGO's senior conservator of paintings, said: 'We now are able to develop a chronology within the painting structure to tell a story about the artist's developing style and possible influences.' The findings were presented at the annual meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in Austin, Texas.
965156531850366978	2018-02-18 09:30:23	https://t.co/R8kuFHUSW8	Experts slam Facebook for moving forward with Messenger Kids app as it arrives to Android devices https://t.co/R8kuFHUSW8	 Facebook is forging ahead with its messaging app for kids, despite child experts who have pressed the company to shut it down and others who question Facebook's financial support of some advisers who approved of the app. Messenger Kids lets kids under 13 chat with friends and family. It displays no ads and lets parents approve who their children message. But critics say it serves to lure kids into harmful social media use and to hook young people on Facebook as it tries to compete with Snapchat or its own Instagram app. They say kids shouldn't be on such apps at all - although they often are. Scroll down for video 'It is disturbing that Facebook, in the face of widespread concern, is aggressively marketing Messenger Kids to even more children,' the Campaign For a Commercial-Free Childhood said in a statement this week. Messenger Kids launched on iOS to lukewarm reception in December. It arrived on Amazon devices in January and on Android Wednesday. Throughout, Facebook has touted a team of advisers, academics and families who helped shape the app in the year before it launched. But a Wired report this week pointed out that more than half of this safety advisory board had financial ties to the company. Facebook confirmed this and said it hasn't hidden donations to these individuals and groups - although it hasn't publicized them, either. Facebook's donations to groups like the National PTA (the official name for the Parent Teacher Association) typically covered logistics costs or sponsored activities like anti-bullying programs or events such as parent roundtables. One advisory group, the Family Online Safety Institute, has a Facebook executive on its board, along with execs from Disney, Comcast and Google. 'We sometimes provide funding to cover programmatic or logistics expenses, to make sure our work together can have the most impact,' Facebook said in a statement, adding that many of the organizations and people who advised on Messenger Kids do not receive financial support of any kind. But for a company under pressure from many sides - Congress, regulators, advocates for online privacy and mental health - even the appearance of impropriety can hurt. Facebook didn't invite prominent critics, such as the nonprofit Common Sense Media, to advise it on Messenger Kids until the process was nearly over. Facebook would not comment publicly on why it didn't include Common Sense earlier in the process. 'Because they know we opposed their position,' said James Steyer, the CEO of Common Sense. The group's stance is that Facebook never should have released a product aimed at kids. 'They know very well our position with Messenger Kids.' Messenger Kids is a standalone app that can be controlled from a parent’s Facebook app. While it can be used on a child’s own device, the service does not create a Facebook account for the child, or give them access to their parents’ accounts. After setting up the account, parents can approve the contacts they will allow their child to chat with. Kids cannot connect with contacts that have not been approved by their parents, according to Facebook. Children also can't delete messages, and the app does not contain ads or in-app purchases. Children can video chat, send photos, videos, and text messages to their approved contacts. To download the app, one must follow the following steps: A few weeks after Messenger Kids launched, nearly 100 outside experts banded together to urge Facebook to shut down the app , which it has not done. The company says it is 'committed to building better products for families, including Messenger Kids. That means listening to parents and experts, including our critics.' One of Facebook's experts contested the notion that company advisers were in Facebook's pocket. Lewis Bernstein, now a paid Facebook consultant who worked for Sesame Workshop (the nonprofit behind Sesame Street) in various capacities over three decades, said the Wired article 'unfairly' accused him and his colleagues for accepting travel expenses to Facebook seminars. He said he wasn't a Facebook consultant at the time he was advising it on Messenger Kids. Bernstein, who doesn't see technology as 'inherently dangerous,' suggested that Facebook critics like Common Sense are also tainted by accepting $50 million in donated air time for a campaign warning about the dangers of technology addiction. Among those air-time donors are Comcast and AT&T's DirecTV. But Common Sense spokeswoman Corbie Kiernan called that figure a 'misrepresentation' that got picked up by news outlets. She said Common Sense has public service announcement commitments 'from partners such as Comcast and DirectTV' that has been valued at $50 million, which the group has used in other campaigns in addition to its current 'Truth About Tech' effort, which it's launching with a group of ex-Google and Facebook employees and their newly formed Center for Humane Technology.
965154051221606400	2018-02-18 09:20:32	https://t.co/ecNee320mG	A child has been confirmed to among the 66 people dead after the crash https://t.co/ecNee320mG https://t.co/Udnch6Bzke	 A passenger on the ill-fated Iranian airliner which crashed earlier today leaving 66 dead messaged a relative saying 'may God protect us, that we arrive safely' shortly before take off. Natalie Amiri, the Iran correspondent for the German broadcaster ARD, shared a photo of Salman Azari's last message on Twitter. Sixty-six people including a child were killed earlier today after a ATR-72 commercial plane crashed in a mountainous area of Iran. The plane was travelling from Tehran to the southern city of Yasuj in Isfahan province when it came down in the Zagros mountains. The twin-engine turboprop, used for short-distance regional flying, is said to have collided with Mount Dena, which is 14,435 feet tall. Aseman Airlines spokesman Mohammad Taghi Tabatabai said there had been 60 passengers on board flight Flight EP3704, including a child, and six crew members. 'After searching the area, we learned that unfortunately ... our dear passengers had lost their lives,' he said. 'This plane had 60 passengers, 59 adults and one child, as well as a pilot, a co-pilot, two flight attendants and two air marshals on board.' The plane reportedly vanished from radar 20 minutes after taking off at 0433 GMT before crashing some 780 kilometers (485 miles) south of the Iranian capital, Tehran. It gave its last signal at 0555 GMT when the flight was at 16,975 feet and descending, according to FlightRadar24. Witnesses told local media the plane looked like it was trying to make an emergency landing before it crashed. Dense fog meant a rescue helicopter was unable to get to the crash site immediately. The Iranian Red Crescent deployed a search and rescue team to the site near the city of Semirom in Isfahan province. Aseman Airlines is Iran's third-largest airline by fleet size, with 29 aircraft. The plane that crashed on Sunday had been built in 1993, Aseman Airlines CEO Ali Abedzadeh told state TV. The airline has suffered other major crashes with fatalities. In October 1994, a twin-propeller Fokker F-28 1000 commuter plane flown by the airline crashed near Natanz, 290 kilometers (180 miles) south of Tehran, also killing 66 people on board. An Aseman Airlines chartered flight in August 2008, flown by an Itek Air Boeing 737, crashed in Kyrgyzstan, killing 74 people. Authorities said they would be investigating the latest crash. 
965151148092133376	2018-02-18 09:09:00	https://t.co/ir4U8CM6zH	'Nanny from HELL' faces 10 years in jail after parents' CCTV films her 'beating' and 'torturing' their toddler son https://t.co/ir4U8CM6zH	 This shocking footage shows a nanny slapping a babies face, pinching his nose to stop him breathing and throwing him on the floor. While she is feeding the little boy she can be seen hitting his face as he refuses to take the bottle and then grabbing him by one arm to throw him to the ground. Anastasia Zhelyabova, 31 was employed by Elena Levendeeva, 26 to care for her eight-month-old son but instead she tortured him. When Mrs Levendeeva became suspicious that her baby was crying every day he was cared for by the nanny she installed cameras. Just two weeks after Zhelyabova started her employment the boy's mother caught her beating him on hidden cameras. Mrs Levendeeva from Nefteyugank in Russia wrote on social media: 'Due to frequent and continuous hysterical cries from our child we installed video cameras that recorded the beating and torturing.' A police spokesman said: 'The investigation of the criminal case when the woman beat a small child is now over.' The nanny 'beat the baby several times on his bottom and on the face, and she lifted the child and threw him on the floor.' The nanny faces up to ten years in jail for child cruelty if convicted by a court.
965146767741407232	2018-02-18 08:51:35	https://t.co/ecNee320mG	All 66 people on board the plane have been killed https://t.co/ecNee320mG	 A passenger on the ill-fated Iranian airliner which crashed earlier today leaving 66 dead messaged a relative saying 'may God protect us, that we arrive safely' shortly before take off. Natalie Amiri, the Iran correspondent for the German broadcaster ARD, shared a photo of Salman Azari's last message on Twitter. Sixty-six people including a child were killed earlier today after a ATR-72 commercial plane crashed in a mountainous area of Iran. The plane was travelling from Tehran to the southern city of Yasuj in Isfahan province when it came down in the Zagros mountains. The twin-engine turboprop, used for short-distance regional flying, is said to have collided with Mount Dena, which is 14,435 feet tall. Aseman Airlines spokesman Mohammad Taghi Tabatabai said there had been 60 passengers on board flight Flight EP3704, including a child, and six crew members. 'After searching the area, we learned that unfortunately ... our dear passengers had lost their lives,' he said. 'This plane had 60 passengers, 59 adults and one child, as well as a pilot, a co-pilot, two flight attendants and two air marshals on board.' The plane reportedly vanished from radar 20 minutes after taking off at 0433 GMT before crashing some 780 kilometers (485 miles) south of the Iranian capital, Tehran. It gave its last signal at 0555 GMT when the flight was at 16,975 feet and descending, according to FlightRadar24. Witnesses told local media the plane looked like it was trying to make an emergency landing before it crashed. Dense fog meant a rescue helicopter was unable to get to the crash site immediately. The Iranian Red Crescent deployed a search and rescue team to the site near the city of Semirom in Isfahan province. Aseman Airlines is Iran's third-largest airline by fleet size, with 29 aircraft. The plane that crashed on Sunday had been built in 1993, Aseman Airlines CEO Ali Abedzadeh told state TV. The airline has suffered other major crashes with fatalities. In October 1994, a twin-propeller Fokker F-28 1000 commuter plane flown by the airline crashed near Natanz, 290 kilometers (180 miles) south of Tehran, also killing 66 people on board. An Aseman Airlines chartered flight in August 2008, flown by an Itek Air Boeing 737, crashed in Kyrgyzstan, killing 74 people. Authorities said they would be investigating the latest crash. 
965136679169388544	2018-02-18 08:11:30	https://t.co/ecNee320mG	Passenger plane carrying at least 60 people crashes in Iran https://t.co/ecNee320mG https://t.co/R2YgKZAGZr	 A passenger on the ill-fated Iranian airliner which crashed earlier today leaving 66 dead messaged a relative saying 'may God protect us, that we arrive safely' shortly before take off. Natalie Amiri, the Iran correspondent for the German broadcaster ARD, shared a photo of Salman Azari's last message on Twitter. Sixty-six people including a child were killed earlier today after a ATR-72 commercial plane crashed in a mountainous area of Iran. The plane was travelling from Tehran to the southern city of Yasuj in Isfahan province when it came down in the Zagros mountains. The twin-engine turboprop, used for short-distance regional flying, is said to have collided with Mount Dena, which is 14,435 feet tall. Aseman Airlines spokesman Mohammad Taghi Tabatabai said there had been 60 passengers on board flight Flight EP3704, including a child, and six crew members. 'After searching the area, we learned that unfortunately ... our dear passengers had lost their lives,' he said. 'This plane had 60 passengers, 59 adults and one child, as well as a pilot, a co-pilot, two flight attendants and two air marshals on board.' The plane reportedly vanished from radar 20 minutes after taking off at 0433 GMT before crashing some 780 kilometers (485 miles) south of the Iranian capital, Tehran. It gave its last signal at 0555 GMT when the flight was at 16,975 feet and descending, according to FlightRadar24. Witnesses told local media the plane looked like it was trying to make an emergency landing before it crashed. Dense fog meant a rescue helicopter was unable to get to the crash site immediately. The Iranian Red Crescent deployed a search and rescue team to the site near the city of Semirom in Isfahan province. Aseman Airlines is Iran's third-largest airline by fleet size, with 29 aircraft. The plane that crashed on Sunday had been built in 1993, Aseman Airlines CEO Ali Abedzadeh told state TV. The airline has suffered other major crashes with fatalities. In October 1994, a twin-propeller Fokker F-28 1000 commuter plane flown by the airline crashed near Natanz, 290 kilometers (180 miles) south of Tehran, also killing 66 people on board. An Aseman Airlines chartered flight in August 2008, flown by an Itek Air Boeing 737, crashed in Kyrgyzstan, killing 74 people. Authorities said they would be investigating the latest crash. 
965104682220818432	2018-02-18 06:04:21	https://t.co/KPeNARDq6W	Chinese zodiac expert reveals EXACTLY what your sign can expect for the next 12 months https://t.co/KPeNARDq6W	 Today is Chinese New Year and marks the start of the Year of the Dog - one of the 12 signs of the Chinese zodiac. Unlike Western astrology, each sign lasts for a whole year and each year takes the name of an animal whose characteristics colour and influence everything that happens for the next 12 months. This is the Year Of The Dog, signalling a fortunate 12 months ahead for most of those born in the 'dog' years of 1934, 1946, 1958, 1970, 1982, 1994 and 2006. It also influences the fortunes of the other 11 animal signs, depending on their relationship with the dog. Here, Kay Tom, a Leicester-based master in feng shui and horoscopes at The Energy Specialist, reveals exactly what the next 12 months holds in store for each of the 12 signs of the zodiac. It is worth remembering that unlike the Roman calendar new year, the lunar new year changes, although it usually falls between January 21 and February 20. This means that those born in the early part of the calendar year are actually assigned the Chinese zodiac of the previous year. Scroll down to read Kay's predictions... The Rat: 1948, 1960, 1972, 1984, 1996, 2008 This year the Rat’s eye is on the money. A cunning fellow who knows how to duck and dive in order to reach his goal and one to avoid confrontation at all cost, bringing a year of negotiation and diplomacy in order to reap the ultimate reward. Unlike Western astrology, each sign of the Chinese zodiac lasts for a whole year and each year takes the name of an animal whose characteristics colour and influence everything that happens for the next 12 months. It is worth remembering that unlike the Roman calendar new year, the lunar new year changes, although it usually falls between January 21 and February 20. This means that those born in the early part of the calendar year are actually assigned the Chinese zodiac of the previous year. The Rat: 1948, 1960, 1972, 1984, 1996, 2008 The Ox: 1949, 1961, 1973, 1985, 1997, 2009 The Tiger: 1950, 1962, 1974, 1986, 1998, 2010 The Rabbit: 1951, 1963, 1975, 1987, 1999, 2011 The Dragon: 1952, 1964, 1976, 1988, 2000, 2012 The Snake: 1953, 1965, 1977, 1989, 2001, 2013 The Horse: 1954, 1966, 1978, 1990, 2002, 2014 The Sheep: 1955, 1967, 1979, 1991, 2003, 2015 The Monkey: 1956, 1968, 1980, 1992, 2004, 2016 The Rooster: 1957, 1969, 1981, 1993, 2005, 2017 The Dog: 1958, 1970, 1982, 1994, 2006, 2018 The Pig: 1959, 1971, 1983, 1995, 2007, 2019 The Ox: 1949, 1961, 1973, 1985, 1997, 2009 A sedately fellow who takes everything in his stride as he has the foresight to see further than the end of his nose. The Ox also understands the money energy this year but this is discreet money that very few know about. The Rat and the Ox make an excellent team in the financial world particularly on long term investments. The Tiger: 1950, 1962, 1974, 1986, 1998, 2010 Anyone born in the year of the tiger, the horse, the monkey, the rooster and the rabbit all connect well with the dog and understand how to be part of his team. For these people there is tremendous potential t go forth and multiply in 2018 because they have the energy of the leader watching their back. This opportunity is strong for the Tiger as he has bright ideas of his own as well as a natural ability to know when to pounce and seize the moment. The entrepreneur of the year, the Tiger always has his eye on his prey and knows exactly when to pounce. In fact, the time is now so a world of opportunity awaits the Tiger this year. It is simply a case of keeping a sharp eye out in order to spot his chance and to be certain not to miss it. The Rabbit: 1951, 1963, 1975, 1987, 1999, 2011 A social fellow who likes the good things in life and who will not be disappointed this year. There are opportunities for the rabbit to advance his career and ultimately improve his financial status in doing so. 2018 is also a good year for fertility and producing the next generation for the Rabbit. The Dragon: 1952, 1964, 1976, 1988, 2000, 2012 The Chinese animal that needs to keep his head down this year and not make any important changes to his life is the dragon. The dragon totally opposes the dog’s energy and is therefore against the leader. It is advisable that anyone born in the year of the dragon wears either a red string around his waist or wears red underwear or red socks all year for protections from any challenges the dog may want to throw his way. Low profile is the name of the game for the Dragon this year. Undoubtedly the Dragon is a well-­respected character and one to always be ahead of the field but everyone deserves some time off and 2018 is an ideal time to do so. It will be a wise Dragon who rests on his laurels and even takes a sabbatical this year. The Snake: 1953, 1965, 1977, 1989, 2001, 2013 The Snake will do well to stay close to home this year, in other words, all he needs is in the palm of his hands. His greatest allies are his neighbours and with the right collaboration success can be his by the end of the year. The Horse: 1954, 1966, 1978, 1990, 2002, 2014 The Horse is happiest when his spirit free, running wild with his mane flowing in the wind. He will do very well this year if he teams up with the Tiger. Together they are formidable, can climb any mountain and achieve their goals through grit and determination. The Sheep: 1955, 1967, 1979, 1991, 2003, 2015 A high achiever this year with success in examinations or legal matters. The sheep is a discreet player never inclined to blow his own trumpet too often and not one with high levels of ambition yet when he does achieve he is thrilled and proud. This year will not disappoint. The Monkey: 1956, 1968, 1980, 1992, 2004, 2016 The playful Monkey and his neighbour the Rooster work very well together with the Dog to form a powerful team that shouts leadership. Far be it for the Monkey to want to take on too much responsibility as he is a great advocate of a work/life balance he nevertheless knows how to action a plan and bring it to life. A great year for the Monkey to use his intelligence and progress his career. A great year for fertility and reproduction too. The Rooster: 1957, 1969, 1981, 1993, 2005, 2017 A confident fellow with his feet firmly on the ground so one with a reliable voice and solid advice. The Rooster is the spokesman of the team and one to rise to great heights with his confidence, his leadership and his strong sense of duty. The Rooster will go far this year, most especially if he accepts the contribution to the cause from the Monkey and the Dog. He would be a fool not to get involved with these guys. The Dog: 1958, 1970, 1982, 1994, 2006, 2018 The dog’s vulnerability is procrastinate too long and miss that opportunity so be sharp-eyed this year in order to maximise on his own potential. Basically, say yes to everything because there is always more depth to what is on the table in 2018, that is not apparent on first sight. The Pig: 1959, 1971, 1983, 1995, 2007, 2019 The trustworthy and diligent Pig holds the purse strings to both money and power in 2018. The money is especially dominant if he joins forces with the team of the Rat and the Ox. The financial gains can then lead him into a world of regard and respect in the workplace if he joins forces with the Tiger. There is immense opportunity for growth and status this year for the Pig if he learns to accept the advice of others.
965029398180179969	2018-02-18 01:05:12	https://t.co/GbaY3N37Na	Girl, 3, ‘froze to death’ at a Moscow nursery school in -5C temperatures https://t.co/GbaY3N37Na	 A three-year-old girl 'froze to death' at a nursery school on Friday after her teacher 'forgot to bring her inside after playtime'. Zakhra Rzayeva's body was found behind a high pile of snow in the playground of the Moscow kindergarten, according to reports. The temperature was around minus five degrees Celsius outside the kindergarten. 'Kindergarten teachers forgot a three-year-old girl outdoors after a walk,' reported Mash news outlet citing sources in the nursery school, known as Kindergarten number 2120. 'They remembered about her only two hours later.' The kindergarten staff 'rushed out' to look for her. 'The girl was found behind a snowdrift - she was dead.' An ambulance was called but she was found to be dead. A major investigation has been launched into the girl's tragic death involving Russia's Investigative Committee, which deals with serious crimes. Teachers and staff were being interrogated. The child's parents Rizvan Rzayev and Gulnara Shakhadat were too distressed to speak. Ramil Gadzhiyev, a friend of the family, said: 'God forbid that any parents have to go through this.' He said teachers had denied to him the child was outside alone for too long. He was told that at 11am they went out to play. 'At noon they have lunch,' he said. 'They noticed the child lying on the ground. 'That's what I heard when I asked them - but I don't know what really happened. 'Detective work will establish that.' He claimed that the child had not been feeling well earlier this week. 'Three days ago the girl's mother noticed something strange with her daughter, her lips were swollen. 'She liked going to the kindergarten but the she started saying she was afraid because of some teachers. 'Today the teacher was one of two who the girl was afraid of.' A source at the kindergarten declined to go into details but said the child was found lying in the snow and staff had tried unsuccessfully to revive her. 
964984936976527360	2018-02-17 22:08:32	https://t.co/KCVtae5e8i	Viral photo of men's urinal has left women BAFFLED https://t.co/KCVtae5e8i	 A viral photo of men's urinal has left women baffled - after a shop worker claimed it had left him and his male colleagues in hysterics. Reddit user Martinjbell posted the snap from inside the gents' toilet at his workplace, showing a single roll of toilet paper hanging from the wall next to the urinal, writing: 'Female co-worker can't understand why we're laughing at how she cleaned the men's bathroom.' The image quickly went viral with almost 1,400 comments in less than 24 hours - with men clearly amused that she thought they would need toilet paper rather than performing a simple 'shake'. The original poster, who did not reveal where he is from, added: 'The best part is that she put a roll next to EVERY urinal.' Some were endeared by the woman's attempt at a clean-up, with one person writing: 'Aww gotta give her an A+ for effort. She meant so well!' One man quipped that while it was a 'considerate' thing for the employee to do, it was also 'completely, novelly wrong'. Another recalled a female colleague reacting with 'complete shock and disgust' after discovering her male co-workers 'shake it' rather than wiping. Others debated the pros and cons of using toilet tissue, with one penning: 'When I pee at home I always dry it with toilet paper. 'It's a shame that urinals aren't designed to flush down toilet paper. This should become a thing.' While one baffled office worker wrote: 'I have to be honest, as a woman, I didn't see anything wrong here until I read the comments.'
964968988831776768	2018-02-17 21:05:09	https://t.co/f0D8VDUaKO	Cow cheats death by escaping while being taken to slaughterhouse and is now holed up on an island https://t.co/f0D8VDUaKO	 A cow which staged an escape while being taken to a slaughterhouse has been living alone on an island. When the slaughterhouse workers arrived to take away the cow, they were told it would be best to tranquilize the feisty bovine. But they ignored the advice and as it came out of its shed to be loaded onto to the lorry, it managed to escape. The cow rammed a metal fence before making a dash for the nearby Lake Nysa, south Poland, Polish news showWiadomosci reported A farmworker ended up with a broken arm and bruised ribs during the escape, in which the cow was seem to dive underwater as it made its way to the island. After a week of trying and failing to get the cow back, the farmer, known only as Mr Lukasz, gave up and began making sure it was fed enough food to stay alive When firefighters used a boat to get to the island, the cow swam about 50 metres to a neighbouring peninsula. Pawel Gotowski, deputy commander of the fire brigade in Nysa, said the animal was very frightened and it was impossible to get more than 70 meters near to the animal. A vet called in to tranquillise the animal told Mr Lukasz he had run out of gas cartridges, and that it would take several days to get new ones. The farmer is reluctant to shoot the animal as that would mean losing the income for its sale. The animal's cause has now been taken up by local politician and former singer, Pawel Kukiz, who has offered to save the 'hero cow' from death. He said 'if all citizens have shown such determination as this cow' then Poland would be a much more prosperous country. 'I am not a vegetarian, but fortitude and the will to fight for this cow's life is invaluable. 'Therefore, I decided to do everything to cause the cow to be delivered to a safe place and in the second stage, as a reward for her attitude, give her a guarantee of a long-term retirement and natural death.'
964953867883556864	2018-02-17 20:05:04	https://t.co/k20P5SuKSB	Tourists in China brave -17C temperatures to walk, sled and cycle among stunning sculptures https://t.co/k20P5SuKSB	 Tourists in China have braved temperatures of -17C (1.4F) to visit a collection of stunning ice sculptures at the Sun Island International Snow Sculpture Art Expo Park in Harbin. Taking in enormous sculptures which featured a whale spraying water from its blow hole, the head of a monkey, the Kremlin in Moscow and a person playing a pipe, the park is one of the attractions at the world's largest ice festival. Some of the braver tourists were also pictured cycling and sledding around the icy Sun Lake with some of the beautiful sculptures in the backdrop. The expo park is part of the 34th annual Ice Festival in Harbin, north-eastern China. The festival has been running since January 5 but crowds were expected to peak around Chinese New Year this month. Last year the festival bought in 28.7 billion yuan (£3.62 billion) in tourism revenue for Harbin, with 18 million people visiting the park despite temperatures as low as -22F (-30C). Ice sculpture artist Han Zhenkun designed his work based on the historic Silk Road. 'Back then, through the Silk Road, exquisite art works from China like potteries were transported by camels and horses to the Western world,' Han said. 
964939850683158529	2018-02-17 19:09:22	https://t.co/yeWFajvFOH	Mother's worst nightmare as her two-year-old daughter DISAPPEARS before her eyes while posing for a photo https://t.co/yeWFajvFOH	 This is the horrifying moment a two-year-old girl slips through the railings at a Russian shopping centre in front of her mothers eyes. The little girl suffered serious injuries after stepping back and falling through a gaping space behind her. A mother and her two children appeared to be waiting for the lift as the youngsters pose for pictures. Security cameras at the City Plaza shopping centre in Alder, Sochi caught the moment the unidentified two-year-old appears to vanish down the side of the stairs. At first it appears that the child's mother doesn't realise she had fallen until she races down the stairs to find her daughter. Some 26 seconds later she reappeared clutching the chronically wounded child, rushing her to receive medical treatment. Witnesses called an ambulance and the child was rushed to hospital in Sochi where intensive care doctors said she had an open fracture on her forehead and a traumatic brain injury. 
964924181283524608	2018-02-17 18:07:06	https://t.co/htkjlrYGOo	The sex tips to get pregnant: Experts explain how doing it twice in an hour - but not every day https://t.co/htkjlrYGOo	 Lifting your legs, making love under a full moon, drinking cough syrup, having sex every day: there are all kinds of superstitious and strange practices meant to help couples conceive. While the vast majority of these fertility fixes are total fictions, science and anatomy give merit to at least a few, experts told Daily Mail Online. One in every eight couples will likely have some difficulty conceiving. Infertility can be a result of a number of environmental and genetic factors, but there are a lot of moving parts – literally – involved in getting pregnant. While some of these factors – especially timing – are out of the control of individuals or couples – reproductive and sexual experts told Daily Mail Online that some tricks might help boost couple's odds, and they might even be fun. 1. Keeping the sex in sexy could help couples conceive The problem with having sex to have a baby is that it's not very sexy, according Dr Sheryl Kingsberg, a psychologist who specializes in sex and reproductive therapy at University Hospitals in Ohio. 'Sexual procreation is really bad for sex,' she explains, 'it can really kill a couple's romance, so they need to make sure that they focus on pleasure and not pressure,' to make a baby. Couples – and especially men – often fall victim to what Dr Kingsberg calls the 'tonight's the night' effect when they think about sex and trying to get pregnant. The direct relationship between stress and fertility has not been clearly defined by research, but most experts suggest the being tense doesn't help matters, and it stands to reason. Stress influences female hormones in ways that can impair ovulation, the period during which a woman's body deposits an egg in her uterus to be fertilized. Research also suggests that stress can diminish the quality of men's sperm, making them slower, weaker swimmers. Pressure to perform can certainly be one of those stressors that couple's might want to avoid. 2. Having sex twice in an hour could as much as triple the odds of conception - but not if you do it every day On the other hand, a 2015 study also found signs that if a man can go for round two within an hour, it might as much as triple the odds that he and his partner conceive a baby. In the UK research, a woman's chances of getting pregnant went from six to 21 percent when a sample of her partner's second ejaculate in an hour was used for artificial insemination. The study was small, involving only 73 couples but it's findings suggested a big difference. There is no way to know from that study what the exact mechanisms of why or how a man's second ejaculate seemed to prove so much more fertile, Dr Zaher Merhi, director of research and development in IVF technologies at New Hope Fertility Center that there is some fascinating logic to the study's results. First of all there's the timing. 'If a man has had sex in the last two days, his sperm count will be lower. But if he waits more than seven days, a lot of the sperm will be dead,' Dr Merhi says. From the research, 'clearly it seems that the second ejaculate is the one that carries the healthier sperm that have high motility. 'You need to have a good concentration of sperm, but that's not the only or most important factor: the most important thing is that they are moving and are healthy,' he says. While most is stored in the epididymis, some sperm – and the semen it lives in – is stored in the vas deferens, a passageway that connects the epididymis and the penis. 'Maybe while the semen is staying in that tunnel, there might be chemicals forming there that affect the DNA of sperm,' Dr Merhi explains. 'When we examine sperm' for viability for use in in vitro fertilization, 'we just look at whether it's moving or not, not the DNA,' he says, so this is not a difference most reproductive specialists would have observed. If, in fact, the DNA stored in the vas deferens is more corrupted then that in the second ejaculation – coming straight from the epididymis – this could explain the study's better pregnancy success rates. 'It's like when you go to war: the first row of gladiators has a higher chance of dying and the second row fares much better,' Dr Merhi explains by comparison. It sounds like a simple fix to the fertility problem, but 'to have sex twice in one hour might not work for every man,' says Dr Merhi. 3. Foreplay, sex for its own sake and cuddling could all help you make a baby 'Fertility can be a little challenging. Men feel like they have to perform, that causes stress, and that can cause problems with erections,' he adds. So while it may be helpful to have sex twice in a row, most experts say to only make attempts every other day, during a woman's ovulation period. And between those times, Dr Kingsberg says to be sure to have sex for its own, romantic sake. She says to 'make sex occurs in non-ovulatory times,' and to keep the ideas of the two kinds of sex separate. Dr Kingsberg as well as her colleague Dr Brooke Rossi, an endocrinologist at her hospital, say they have noticed that when couples do IVF treatments, which don't require any sex, their patients' sex lives improve. Sex that isn't for procreation should be 'playful and sensual,' Dr Kingsberg says, so that when couples are doing the 'work' of trying to procreate, they can remember the romantic sex and rekindle attraction to one another. Some theories suggest that certain positions might tilt the uterus in a direction that makes it easier for sperm to swim to their target, but there isn't really any scientific evidence to prove that. Nor does putting your legs up in the air help, but taking a few minutes to cuddle lie still after sex might, Dr Rossi says. The warmth of the vagina warms semen, so it 'kind of liquefies, and the sperm can swim better,' she explains. This doesn't happen as easily if a woman immediately gets up. But not matter how couples do it – in an hour or a week or a month – Dr Rossi says: 'we can get them pregnant without them having sex at all, but that's not what we're trying to do…we want to make sure they have a happy sex life, too.' 
964909608182714368	2018-02-17 17:09:12	https://t.co/ASPl9SsrVo	People are attempting DIY fecal transplants without medical supervision https://t.co/ASPl9SsrVo	 Experts are increasingly concerned by the new trend for DIY fecal transplants, and have warned participants are opening themselves up to a range of new illnesses. This procedure involves transferring feces from the gut of one person to another, and typically is used to treat Clostridium difficile: an extremely painful bowel infection that often resists antibiotic treatment and can leave sufferers stumped for treatment, but for which fecal transplants have been proven unexpectedly effective. But a number of recent studies suggest it could treat health problems ranging from IBS to autoimmune diseases. Clostridium difficile, also known as C. difficile or C. diff, is a bacterium that can infect the bowel and cause diarrhoea. The infection most commonly affects people who have recently been treated with antibiotics, but can spread easily to others. C. difficile infections are unpleasant and can sometimes cause serious bowel problems. The most common symptoms are: watery diarrhoea, painful tummy cramps and signs of dehydration, such as a dry mouth, and headaches. Treatment for C. difficile can may include taking a 10 to 14-day course of antibiotics that are known to kill C. difficile bacteria or, rarely, surgery to remove a damaged section of the bowel. Fecal transplants are a new form of treatment for the illness, coming out of Australia. Source: NHS Experts say fecal matter must be screened prior to use, and worry disorders like MS and Parkinson's could be transmitted to people doing it from their own homes. A poorly timed vogue for at-home fecal transplants could be putting lives in danger. Fiddling with fecal matter Rob Knight, professor of paediatrics, computer science and engineering at the University of California San Diego, says we still don't understand the full effect the procedure. The treatment uses bacteria from a healthy gut, within a fecal extract, to colonise an unhealthy gut, for example, one that has lost its natural bacteria colony due to antibiotics. Fecal transplants have been used successfully to treat Clostridium difficile, a gut inflammation caused by antibiotics and common among older people. Despite being poorly understood, DIY fecal transplants appear to be on the rise. Roughly 4,260 videos concerning 'fecal transplant' can be found YouTube, and many styled as 'how-to' guides. 'It is regrettably something that is increasing in frequency,' Knight told the Guardian, saying those with incurable diseases are particularly motivated to try out any new treatment, no matter how poorly established its benefits. The danger of these transplants is that disease may also be transmitted, although this is not well understood. 'Given that we know that these are things that in mice, at least, can be transmitted by the microbiome, it is not cause for panic yet, but it is certainly cause for concern that the same might be true in humans,' he said. '[Very recently] we were able to show that you can transmit aspects of the disease from humans into mice by transmitting the microbiome,' said Knight. Faecal microbiota transplantation (FMT) is used when standard antibiotic therapies fail to treat recurrent C. difficile. It involves the transfer of healthy bacteria from a donor into the intestines of the recipient. The idea is to restore the balance of bacteria in the recipient's intestine so they can fight infection. After one C. difficile infection, there is up to a 25 percent chance it will come back. Antibiotic treatment becomes less effective each time. Extensive screening of the donor's fecal sample means complications are rare. Endoscopy damage occurs in less than one in 1,000 cases. This may include infection, bleeding or tearing. Discomfort, loose bowels and bloating are expected initially. Source: Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Trust In a hospital setting, material is screened prior to use. However, this doesn't guarantee absolute safety. In 2015, a woman was given a transplant for a Clostridium difficile infection from her daughter. The mother afterwards began gaining weight - a problem she had not experienced before, and something her daughter suffered. Doctors believe they bacteria causing the daughter's weight trouble could've been transferred with the transplant. 'Research is needed' 'It is one of these things where public enthusiasm is dramatically in advance of the evidence. 'The C.diff evidence is good,' he said. 'For others, research is needed. A lot of folks will try anything, although there's not much data to say it'll work.' Knight's team at the University of California San Diego are presenting their latest work at American Association for the Advancement of Science in Austin. They hope to utilise IBM's Watson, a question answering computer system, to develop a database which presents the latest research on the microbiome for public education. It's hoped this will help inform people about the possiblities offered by the procedure, and its limitations. 
964893471449501696	2018-02-17 16:05:05	https://t.co/bkSt3Q5Ek0	Water wonderful world: Beautiful images of the planet's best hot springs and al fresco bathing spots https://t.co/bkSt3Q5Ek0	 There's nothing like a bath at the end of a long day, and it's a tradition with some serious clout behind it. The ancient Greeks used 'the water cure' to promote their vision of healing the mind and body in tandem, while in the 19th Century, 'taking the waters' became something of an obsession. Doctors on both sides of the Atlantic prescribed hydropathy as a cure for everything from ulcers to hysteria, as well to-do urbanites flocked to al fresco hot spots. And it wasn't just quackery, either; even with the advances of modern medicine, recent research shows therapeutic bathing to be a powerful elixir. Dr. Nigma Talib, a naturopathic doctor with clinics in London and LA, says that warm water bathing is a great way of relieving chronic pain, inflammation and stress. 'Hot water can get your heart pumping in a similar way to when you're working out,' she says. 'It causes vasodilation [the dilation of blood vessels] and increases blood to the muscles. It can improve sleep for people who have poor circulation and tense muscles. And it helps clear the mind, by getting blood flowing and removing tension from the body.' Of course, it's not just about the therapeutic benefits. As the Romans knew well, outdoor bathing is just a fun thing to do. It helps us to reconnect with nature and unwind in the Great Outdoors. 'Al fresco bathing is always a highlight of our trips,' says Lee Thompson, co-founder of adventure travel company Flash Pack. 'Hot springs offer a brilliant and unique viewpoint on the world, whether you're halfway up a Balinese mountain or hanging out in the snowy wilderness of Quebec. They bring a different kind of energy to the experience of travel.' Scroll down to browse through our pick of the world's most spectacular hot springs and get set to bask in the delights of al fresco bathing. Aqua Dome, Austria Kuroyu Onsen, Japan Tabacón Hot Springs, Costa Rica Dunton Hot Springs, United States Parco dei Mulini, Italy Pamukkale, Turkey Termas Geométricas, Chile Thermae Bath Spa, Britain Ma'in Hot Springs, Jordan Blue Lagoon, Iceland Hierve el Agua, Mexico Banff Upper Hot Springs, Canada Peninsula Hot Springs, Australia Grand Prismatic, United States The Champagne Pool at Wai-O-Tapu, New Zealand 
964879449115299840	2018-02-17 15:09:21	https://t.co/HDiF5gKiw5	Meet Russia’s seedy virginity salesmen https://t.co/HDiF5gKiw5	 Thousands of girls and young women in Russia are selling their virginity after finding rich lovers online, according to a new report. Networks of specialist dealers and scouts actively recruit virgins and link them to wealthy businessmen, taking a slice of fees which can range between a few hundred and tens of thousands of pounds. In other cases females place their own advertisements selling the 'right to the first night' on forums and dating websites typically offering themselves to 'adult, affluent man'. One advert from a forum called ‘Bad girls club’ states: 'Looking for virgin girls under 19….Smart, beautiful, charming, from any cities in Russia. 'We pay tickets to Moscow and back, 1-2 days….Type of girls - as on the photo'. The advert shows a girl in lingerie in a revealing pose on a bed (pictured, below, under Milana Mercer). Another Russian social media forum recruiting young women is called Desperate Virgins’ Club (pictured, above). A 19-year-old girl from Moscow naming herself Milana Mercer stated in a typical online advertisement: 'Selling virginity, please send me a private message. I am from Moscow, I'm 19, 175 cm (tall), weight - 65 kg.' Another advert reads: 'Girl. 17. Selling virginity. Details in private messages.' One more, promoting a virginity buying and selling site, boasts: ’Marina sold her virginity for 1.5 million roubles (£18,900) and bought a great apartment.' A 20-year-old called Anastasia from rust belt industrial city Magnitogorsk told Bumaga lifestyle website she is currently offering to sell her virginity to help pay for cancer treatment for her mother. She is waiting for an offer of 300,000 roubles - or £3750, said the report. 'Instead of just losing my virginity, it’s better if I make some money from it,' said 18-year-old Lena from Moscow. 'It's not prostitution. I want to meet a wealthy man and try to get into a relationship with him,' explained 19-year-old Dasha. Rita, 18, from Rostov said: 'To start a business, you need capital. You can't make a lot having a regular job, but here you don't even need to do anything.' Dmitry, 38, from Siberia said he had twice 'bought' 18 year old virgins aiming to find a wife who had 'not had someone'. The first cost £1,250, the second £880, but he failed to find the wife he wanted. The first wanted to pay for her move to a new city. 'She tried (during sex) not to show emotions. I asked her how she felt, and she said it was unpleasant at first and then she started enjoying it.' Bisexual Anna, 24, a married medical company executive, said she paid between £250 and £500 for virgins behind her husband’s back because girls on dating websites seem 'vulgar and dirty…it’s better to take someone who wasn’t touched'. Marina said she sold her virginity to a businessman for £7,000 which she spent on plastic surgery - but now, seven years later, she acts as an 'manager' - or agent - linking teenage girls to wealthy clients. Teams of scouts help to recruit suitable girls. The report said: 'On average girls are paid 200,000-300,000 ruble (£2,500 to £3,750). Payment depends on age and appearance. 'The perfect type is 17-to-18 years old, short, very cute and modest. 'On average every manager sells up to 10 virgins a month, warning around 300,000 ruble (£3,750) a month.' Some 20-to-50 per cent is added to the price as the agent’s fee. Those selling their virginity are expected to show a medical certificate confirming they have not had sex. But many women 'go through surgery to restore their hymens', then 'swindle' men into believing they are still virgins and cashing in on the lucrative market, according to the Bumaga report. Sergey Chumakov, general director of Lancet Surgery Centre, said: 'This is a popular service. 'Many have this surgery done several times. I know there were cases when girl had this surgery done 15 times.' Elena, 22, from Moscow told Bumaga that she sold her 'virginity' twice and is not planning to stop 'This is now my job and I can live on the money I'm paid for a couple of months,” she said. In 2016 model Anna Feschenko, 17, flew to Dubai aiming to sell her virginity for £9,600 to a wealthy Arab man, according to her travelling companion. Anna’s mother contacted police and the teenager returned from the United Arab Emirates. She did not comment on whether she had in the end sold her virignity. Her friend called Ekaterina said: 'It is a privilege in the UAE to be a virgin. I think Anna was just impressed with the amount of money she could get.' In a recent case, a mother was detained for seeking to sell her 13-year-old daughter’s virginity to a businessman. (pictured) Irina Gladkikh, 35, an estate agent, to Moscow from Chelyabinsk with the underage girl in order to sell her 'first night' to a 'rich client' for £19,100. In a confession on video she said: 'We came to Moscow to get to know a rich man, in order to get financial help for providing sexual services by my daughter.' The mother and her friend were detained in a police sting operation at a floating restaurant in Moscow. A 17-year-old from Krasnoyarsk using the nickname Shatuniha was reported to have sold her virginity in an online auction for around £20,000. She told would-be buyers four years ago: 'I am in urgent need of money, so I am selling the most precious thing I possess. I am ready to meet up soon, even as soon as tomorrow, and I am ready to have my virginity verified.' She would go to Hotel Amaks in the city 'with a document confirming my virginity, and with a person who will take the cash and leave, so that I am not fooled. 'This person will take away the money, but I will stay... The money should be cash only.' The alleged buyer's name was given as Evgeniy Volnov, but no details about him were published. 
964856178214830080	2018-02-17 13:36:53	https://t.co/Jkzta3yw76	Explosion at French factory leaves at least one person dead https://t.co/Jkzta3yw76 https://t.co/ymVBPt3axN	 An explosion at a factory in northern France has left at least one person dead and injured two others. The blast at the Saipol factory, in Normandy coast fishing port of Dieppe, took place at around 11am this morning. A blaze engulfed the entire complex and one worker is reported to still be missing. Four people were in the building at the time of the explosion — and nine others are being treated for shock. Firefighters remain at the scene and the blaze has been brought under control. Footage shows huge plumes of black smoke and large flames were seen rising over the plant. City mayor, Nicolas Langlois, was on site at the end of the morning, and said: 'A security perimeter has been set up and local residents were asked not to leave their homes to take no risks.' The entire six-storey building was engulfed in flames but Mr Jumel confirmed the blaze was 'under control'. Photos from the scene show plumes of thick black smoke billowing into the sky. Emergency services remain on site including an air ambulance. 
964848704132976645	2018-02-17 13:07:11	https://t.co/EaXzYcngbo	How gut health affects MEMORY https://t.co/EaXzYcngbo	 Some people have a perfect memory, live to 100, never get sick, and eat ice cream without gaining weight. New research suggests that could all boil down to their gut health. Increasingly, scientists are finding our microbiome – which accounts for 57 percent of cells in our body – affects everything from sleeping patterns to brain health. But that doesn't mean the global population would have a better memory if we all switched to salads and probiotics: some people's guts are built to thrive off ice cream, while others should stick to plain rice or kale. ‘This is changing our view of who we are as humans,’ Dr Rob Knight, professor of pediatrics at the University of California, San Diego, told the American Association for the Advancement of Science conference on Friday. Unveiling the latest research, Dr Knight and other leading researchers in the field said it’s becoming clear there is no end to the laundry list of factors that affect gut bacteria - and how those changes affect who we are. Everyone has their own unique make-up of bacteria which is affected by a tumult of factors, including how they were born (via a c-section or vaginal birth) and whether they took antibiotics as a child for an ear infection or conjunctivitis, for example. As adults, it is affected by what we eat, what we drink, how often we have sex, who we have sex with, where we live, and the air we breathe. Dr Rob Knight, co-founder of the American Gut Project, said his team is working on many 'science fiction' ideas to revolutionize how we understand our personal gut health. He tabled three ideas which he is exploring to work towards: One of the most compelling new details is the way bacteria affects the mind in more ways than we ever realized - in particular, our memory. ‘We are finding strong evidence of associations between the brain and microbiome,’ Janet Jansson, director of biological science at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory in Washington state, said. Dr Jansson's lab has broken ground in this field by showing that they could improve a germ-free mouse's memory by injecting them with a certain bacteria species called Lactobacillus. Analyzing the doctored mice compared with the metabolite composition of control mice, they could see that the ones experiencing better memory had also experienced metabolic changes caused by the Lactobacillus. This finding is not easy to translate into practical methods for memory-boosting since each person's bacteria make-up is so unique. Even our own sleeping patterns affect our microbiome - and vice versa, explained Dr Knight, co-founder of the American Gut Project which is analyzing donated fecal samples from 10,000 volunteers. His analysis of the citizen data compiled broke down which factors are the most important. The most important factor was unequivocally the variety of vegetables we eat, rather than sticking to romaine every lunchtime. Next is sleep, having sex and our weight - which all affect different people to varying degrees. Unfortunately, there is no clear-cut way to find out if you are an ice cream and sex person or not. The only test available to find out what your microbiome needs is only available in Israel. But blindly loading up on probiotics and cutting out major food groups in the meantime - because they are tipped as 'healthy' - is an ill-advised approach to improving gut health. The concept of taking 'probiotics' in general is like taking 'a lot of drugs' for an illness, then encouraging your friends to take 'a lot of drugs' for any illness, he said. When it comes to food, he points to a study by the Weizmann Institute in Israel found some people experienced more of a blood sugar surge after eating white bread or rice than they did eating ice cream. Dr Knight says that experiment on 800 people, published in 2016, was a major advance in gut research showing those who prescribe to popular diets may not be meeting their gut's individualized needs. But he insists we are making strides in the field, especially since starting the American Gut Project, in understanding that medicating our gut is pivotal to taking control of all kinds of diseases. 'Your gut is not Vegas: what happens in your gut does not stay in your gut,' he quips. 
964819480563146752	2018-02-17 11:11:04	https://t.co/4fLRgIAGpJ	'Lost' pyramid city uncovered in the heart of Mexico using lasers had as many buildings as Manhattan 1,000 years ago https://t.co/4fLRgIAGpJ	 Remains of ancient 'pyramid city' as densely built up as Manhattan have been discovered in the heart of Mexico, thanks to pioneering imaging techniques. Experts used lasers to send beams of light from an aircraft to the ground below, measuring the reflected pulses to build up a map of the region. They discovered a lost pyramid city known as Angamuco built by the Purépecha, rivals to the Aztecs, around 1,000 years ago. Scroll down for video The discovery was made by a team of researchers, including Colorado State University (CSU), about a half an hour’s drive from Morelia, in the central Mexican state of Michoacán. 'To think that this massive city existed in the heartland of Mexico for all this time and nobody knew it was there is kind of amazing,' said Chris Fisher, professor of anthropology at CSU who made the admission of missing the finding on foot. Traditional methods of on-the-ground archaeological surveys would take 20 years to assemble as much data as two days using the laser-based technique, known as Lidar ranging, according to experts. A particular benefit of the technology is its ability to penetrate through vegetation, which is dense in many of the forest areas being surveyed. Seeing the results, one of the team realised he had walked within 30 feet (10 m) of one of the largest pyramids on the Angamuco site without realising it, due to the thick undergrowth. 'If you do the maths, all of a sudden you are talking about 40,000 building foundations up there, which is [about] the same number of building foundations that are on the island of Manhattan.' Using Lidar, researchers found that the recently-discovered city was more than double the size of Tzintzuntzan, the culture's capital, at 10 square miles (26 sq km). However the city, built over an ancient lava flow, was probably not as densely populated, with around 100,000 people thought to have called it home at its height, between 1000 and 1350AD. Imaging also revealed that Angamuco was laid out in an unusual configuration, with monuments like pyramids and plazas dotted around eight zones on the edges of the city rather than concentrated as a focal point in the centre. The Purépecha are a group of indigenous people from the northwestern region of Michoacán, Mexico. Their civilisation was amongst the first people in central America and today there are around 141,177 Purépecha people, according to the 2015 census. Purépecha people speak a language of the same name (Purépecha) which is considered to be completely unique. A language totally unrelated to any other dialect found anywhere else in the world. By the dawn of the 14th Century the Purépechan people had established the Tarascan state. The Tarascan capital was located at Tzintzuntzan on the banks of Lake Pátzcuaro. The rise and expansion of the Aztec Empire saw conflict and aggression between the Aztecs and the Purépechan people and resulted in many bloody wars and conflicts, the largest of which took place in 1479 AD. The land on which Purépecha existed was rich in metal ores and the locals were skilled metal workers. Such skills gifted the indigenous people with greater weapons and valuable items. Superior weapons and knowledge of metal-working are widely regarded as the primary reasons why the Tarascan state were never conquered by the Aztecs. Despite being sworn enemies and feuding for centuries, the Aztecs and the Purépechas still traded efficiently - more out of necessity than desire. European settlers conquered the Aztec empire inthe 16th Century with guns and a strong military presence. As well as this, they brought over smallpox, a disease that terrorised the unimmunised locals and saw the true demise of the Aztec empire. The findings, which were announced during the 2018 AAAS Annual Meeting in Austin, Texas, have implications for understanding the region’s history of migration, land use and conservation and even early climate changes, participants said. Using airborne mapping, researchers are discovering new archaeological sites that show pre-Columbian Mesoamerica was 'significantly more densely populated at the time of European contact' than previously thought. Professor Fisher pointed to a previous city he has studied in the Mosquitia Rainforest of Honduras. Thousands of Mayan people lived in complex cities with central plazas, pyramids, reservoirs, canals and terraced farmlands in this area 1,000 to 2,000 years ago. Sometime in the 1530s, Europeans discovered these cities and brought new diseases that killed an estimated nine out of 10 people of the city’s residents within a generation, Professor Fisher said. There is evidence that the cities’ remaining residents ritually de-sanctified their religious sites before abandoning them, which were subsequently forgotten and hidden by dense tropical forests. 'We are finding sites in areas that we used to think were not ideal for human habitation,' said Juan Carlos Fernandez-Diaz, laser operator and electronics engineer at the National Center for Airborne Laser Mapping, based at the University of Houston, Texas. 'Perhaps the most important thing is we’re amassing a huge amount of data.' Experts predict that such data, which includes information about features like the vegetation, will be analysed by scientists in the future with yet-undiscovered tools to yield more findings. Lidar is a remote sensing technology that measures distance by shooting a laser at a target and analysing the light that is reflected back. The technology was developed in the early 1960s and uses laser imaging with radar technology that can calculate distances. It was first used in meteorology to measure clouds by the National Center for Atmospheric Research. The term lidar is a portmanteau of 'light and 'radar.' Lidar uses ultraviolet, visible, or near infrared light to image objects and can be used with a wide range of targets, including non-metallic objects, rocks, rain, chemical compounds, aerosols, clouds and even single molecules. A narrow laser beam can be used to map physical features with very high resolution. This new technique allowed researchers to map outlines of what they describe as dozens of newly discovered Maya cities hidden under thick jungle foliage centuries after they were abandoned by their original inhabitants. Aircraft with a LiDAR scanner produced three-dimensional maps of the surface by using light in the form of pulsed laser linked to a GPS system. 'Now it is no longer necessary to cut through the jungle to see what's under it,' said Marcello Canuto, one of the project's top investigators. The technology helped researchers discover sites much faster than using traditional archaeological methods. Documenting these sites now is critical, because 'accelerating rates of global change are threatening our patrimony in ways we’ve never seen before,' Professor Fisher added. Earlier this month images were released by researchers from Brown University showing an ancient Mayan 'megalopolis' in Guatemala, which now lies buried beneath the jungle foliage. Researchers announced the groundbreaking discovery of more than 60,000 previously unknown structures including pyramids, palaces, and causeways, that once made up a massive pre-Columbian civilization. To uncover the megalopolis, the team used Lidar to look beneath the forest canopy in northern Peten - an area close to already-known Mayan cities. The discovery suggests that Central America supported a civilization that was, at its peak 1,500 years ago, more advanced than ancient Greek and Chinese cultures. The landscape may have been home to up to 15 million individuals and the abundance of defensive walls, ramparts and fortresses suggests that warfare was rife throughout their existence and not just at the end. 'I think this is one of the greatest advances in over 150 years of Maya archaeology,' said Stephen Houston, Professor of Archaeology and Anthropology at Brown University told the BBC at the time. 'I know it sounds hyperbolic but when I saw the [Lidar] imagery, it did bring tears to my eyes.' As well as previously unknown structures, the images show raised highways that linked together urban centers and quarries. They also found advanced irrigation and terracing systems that supported agriculture in for a civilisation that was one of the most advanced to arise in Mesoamerica. Mayans are known for their sophisticated mathematics and engineering that allowed it to spread throughout present-day Central America and southern Mexico. 'Now it is no longer necessary to cut through the jungle to see what's under it,' said Marcello Canuto, one of the project's top investigators. 'The fortified structures and large causeways reveal modifications to the natural landscape made by the Maya on a previously unimaginable scale,' said Francisco Estrada-Belli of Tulane University. These findings are a 'revolution in Maya archaeology,' said Dr Canuto. They found some 60,000 structures over the past two years in an area spanning more than 810 square miles (2,100 sq km) of the Peten jungle which borders Mexico and Belize. Their findings revealed a pyramid in the heart of the ancient Maya city of Tikal, a major tourist destination in northeastern Guatemala. Also discovered in Tika were a series of pits and a 14 km-long wall. For hundreds of years the Mayans dominated large parts of the Americas until, mysteriously in the 8th and 9th century AD, a large chunk of the Mayan civilisation collapsed. The reason for this collapse has been hotly debated, but now scientists say they might have an answer - an intense drought that lasted a century. Studies of sediments in the Great Blue Hole in Belize suggest a lack of rains caused the disintegration of the Mayan civilisation, and a second dry spell forced them to relocate elsewhere. The theory that a drought led to a decline of the Mayan Classic Period is not entirely new, but the new study co-authored by Dr André Droxler from Rice University in Texas provides fresh evidence for the claims. Dozens of theories have attempted to explain the Classic Maya Collapse, from epidemic diseases to foreign invasion. With his team Dr Droxler found that from 800 to 1000 AD, no more than two tropical cyclones occurred every two decades, when usually there were up to six. This suggests major droughts occurred in these years, possibly leading to famines and unrest among the Mayan people. And they also found that a second drought hit from 1000 to 1100 AD, corresponding to the time that the Mayan city of Chichén Itzá collapsed. Researchers say a climate reversal and drying trend between 660 and 1000 AD triggered political competition, increased warfare, overall sociopolitical instability, and finally, political collapse - known as the Classic Maya Collapse. This was followed by an extended drought between AD 1020 and 1100 that likely corresponded with crop failures, death, famine, migration and, ultimately, the collapse of the Maya population. The pyramid measures nearly 100 feet (30m) tall and was previously thought to be a small mountain. The earliest Maya settlements were constructed around 1,000 B.C., and most major Maya cities collapsed by 900 AD. The civilisation reached its height in what is present-day southern Mexico, Guatemala, and parts of Belize, El Salvador and Honduras between 250 and 950AD. Researchers now believe that the Maya had a population of 10 to 15 million, which is 'much higher' than previous estimates, Dr Canuto said. The cause of the collapse remains the focus of intense academic debate. Researchers have found complex irrigation and terracing systems that suggest there was intensive agriculture in the area which could have fed masses of workers. At its peak in the Maya classic period (around 250AD to 900AD) the civilisation covered an area twice the size of medieval England, researchers say. The causeways are also connected, suggesting they were heavily trafficked and used for regional trade. The survey is the first part of the Pacunam Lidar Initiative that will eventually map more than 5,000 square miles (14,000 sq km) of Guatemala.
964817194034106368	2018-02-17 11:01:59	https://t.co/bQBMzJDMUW	Pigeons can help fight disease if we track their pollution exposure https://t.co/bQBMzJDMUW	 Pigeons have earned a robust reputation for being dirty. But scientists claim the vilified creature could protect us from disease if we monitor how they are affected by pollution and toxins. In an unorthodox – but popular – suggestion, a researcher from the University of California suggests we could gather a focus group of pigeons to track as they consume the same water sources, soil and air pollution as humans. Over time, it could help us to understand what contaminants we really are exposed to - from metal to BPA to lead. Though pigeons may seem an unusual protagonist, Dr Rebecca Calisi-Rodriguez, of UC Davis insists they are more similar to humans than we may like to think: they lactate, share similar tissue, and roam in similar ways. 'They have a very small home range, spending the their life within a few neighborhood blocks,' Dr Calisi-Rodriguez told the American Association for the Advancement of Science conference as she presented her research. 'Because they are alive they process these chemicals in their bodies. 'This offers up the opportunity to not only find toxin hot spots in our environment, but to understand how these toxins affect biology.' Her idea builds on a study she carried out on pigeons living in New York City from 2010 to 2015. The team examined the blood lead levels of both children and feral pigeons. They found that children and pigeons inhabiting the same neighborhoods experienced similar patterns of lead in their blood. It is not unprecedented: pigeons have been used outside the US to monitor environmental contaminants on various sites - but usually not where humans live. According to Dr Calisi-Rodriguez, it's time we started treating the pigeons as a viable option for public health. 'What we learn in birds can have far-reaching implications,' she said. 
964786755290456065	2018-02-17 09:01:01	https://t.co/rUOJwg771S	Chinese veteran, 100, and his wife, 101, celebrate 80 YEARS of marriage https://t.co/rUOJwg771S	 A centenarian couple in China have been the living example of the wedding vow 'to have and to hold'. This touching image captures the heart-warming moment Xu Liangquan, 100, held the hand of his wife Shao Xiuying, 101, to thank her for spending eight decades with him through thickness and thin, war and peace, joy and sorrow. The pair of great-great-parents, who tied the knot in the winter of 1937, are still happily married after supporting each other through extremely difficult times including war, famine and political upheaval. Scroll down for video Mr Xu and Ms Shao celebrated their 80th anniversary, or the 'oak' wedding anniversary, last month in their home city Rugao in eastern China's Jiangsu Province, according to a report on People's Daily Online. The ceremony was held on January 16 - a month after the couple's actual wedding anniversary - and remained low-key. The couple kept their fingers interlocked when they were each given a medal and red scarf to celebrate their incredibly lengthy marital life. A video of the ceremony by People's Daily captured the moving scenes. Mr Xu and Ms Shao, who have two sons and two daughters, are both in good health. They now spend every day together peacefully, said the report. They eat breakfast and read newspaper together in the morning and play card games with their neighbours in the afternoon. Their ordinary - yet extraordinary - love story has moved the press and public around China. The Military Newspaper in China commented 'this is love' as they featured the couple's wedding anniversary last month. Apparently, the long-living husband and wife are well-known and well-respected in Rugao. According to information provided by the Rugao news authority, Mr Xu was born in November, 1917 as one of five siblings. He and his brother were sent to study in a school set up by Westerners and were later trained at a local teachers' colleague. After the Second Sino-Japanese War - a part of WWII - began in 1937, a 20-year-old Mr Xu devoted himself to fighting the Japanese invaders. He joined the Communist army and helped collect military intelligence from the Japanese troops posing as a primary school teacher. After the founding of Communist China in 1949, Mr Xu worked as a cultural assistant as well as a supervisor in a secondary school. He retired in 1979 at the age of 68. His wife, Ms Shao, was born in March, 1916, as one of three sisters. She was well educated and could write calligraphy. Ms Shao got married with Mr Xu in December, 1937, after being introduced to him by friends. While her husband was helping fight the Japanese army, she spent most of their early marriage life hiding from Japanese soldiers in the day and from local robbers at night. She has been a dedicated housewife throughout her life, looking after her husband and raising their four children. Together, the couple lived through WWII in the 1940s, the Great Chinese Famine in the 1950s and the turbulent Communist Cultural Revolution in the 1960s and 1970s. The Great Chinese Famine, the worst famine in contemporary history, saw up to 45 million people starved to death between 1958 and 1962 at a time of peace. It's said that Mr Xu and Ms Shao not only supported each other through four barren years, but also gave their own rice to neighbours in need. While during the ruthless Chinese political movement known as the Cultural Revolution, anyone in China who was 'educated' could be accused, publicly shamed or even jailed. The couple were also wronged, but they put their heads down and lived through the social unrest. Mr Xu said he was grateful for his wife's life-time companionship. In his auto-biography published in 2000, Mr Xu called his wife 'the pillar' of their family. In a chapter dedicated to his wife, the man wrote that his wife had been by his side no matter what. He wrote: 'Without her strong will, I would not be enjoying my retirement so happily today.' The couple's friends and neighbours have been curious about their secrets to longevity. The copule told a reporter from the Rugao Propaganda Bureau that they have the habit of walking in the farmland twice a day - once in the morning and once in the evening. Apparently, they like exercising and avoid sitting still for a long period of time. In addition, the couple like eating sweets, porridge and potatoes. The couple concluded that five things had help them live beyond 100 years: their home, partner, children, savings and old friends.
964776346487582720	2018-02-17 08:19:40	https://t.co/h3O4BStqND	Meet Afghanistan's first female SKIERS, who are learning in an area that was once a Taliban stronghold https://t.co/h3O4BStqND	 'In 2013,' said ski instructor Henriette Bjorge, 'women in Afghanistan had no idea what skiing was.' MailOnline Travel is listening to the Norwegian speak at Expedition Finse, a sort of festival for adventurers in Norway. She is explaining how she went about introducing Afghan women from an impoverished rural community in a former Taliban stronghold to snow ploughing and parallel turns. At first she had to do all of this while her students were dressed in completely inappropriate gear because they didn't have access to technical kit. For their first lesson, a group of Afghan women turned up armed with handbags, their best dress coats, chic sunglasses and silk hijabs looking like they were more ready for a Paris catwalk than for high-speed thrills. While some might be surprised to see the girls in such western-style garb, Bjorge, 38, explains that they're from the town of Bamyan which is populated by Hazaras - one of the more liberal groups in Afghanistan - and burkas aren't enforced. She adds: 'If they go to the bazaar they might wear a burka, but it is mainly the older generation who dress like this.' On the religious front, Hazaras are primarily Shia Muslims while most Afghans follow the Sunni branch of Islam. And when it comes to mixing with men, usually things are kept separate but again, it's not as strictly policed as other ethnic groups. Topping things off, Bamyan is also famed for having the first and only female governor in Afghanistan with Habiba Sarabi appointed in 2005 until 2013. The province of Bamyan is famed for its gaping hillside niches that once sheltered ancient Buddha statues that were blown up by the Taliban, who aren't in the area anymore. Another big draw for visitors is buzkashi, the country’s national sport. Thousands flock to the area to watch athletes on horseback as they attempt to throw the corpse of a decapitated goat - instead of a ball - into a scoring circle. Commenting on the scenery visitors can expect in Bamyan, Bjorge said: 'It's an amazing place to visit. There's unlimited things to see and explore, from historical sites along the Silk Road to places of natural beauty.' Hitting the slopes for the first time Bjorge's female students - more seasoned at cooking, cleaning and staying at home - had apprehensively signed up to hit the slopes surrounding Bamyan - which has no ski lifts - after getting permission from their families and religious leaders, and they had no idea what was in store. 'I went there with a mission to teach skiing and show people how much joy it can bring,' Bjorge says of her endeavour to introduce her favourite sport to Afghan women. The Norwegian had been working for the Afghanistan embassy in Oslo when she first visited the war-torn country back in 2009. She said the pristine, untouched mountains left a big impression on her but, because of the security situation, she put any wacky ideas about skiing in the region to bed. However, in 2013 Bjorge decided to quit her job and make her dreams come true. After doing a season in the snow in Chamonix she headed to the middle east to help out at the Bamyan Ski Club. The club, located in central Afghanistan, was founded by Swiss journalist Christoph Zuercher in 2011 and Bjorge signed up with the aim of getting more women involved. She said her family thought she was 'crazy', after she sold her apartment and other possessions but they soon realised the value in what she was doing. The town of Bamyan, which has a population of about 100,000 people, is located around a five-hour drive from Kabul, but Bjorge says the roads aren't safe so it's better to travel by air. The region is known for its vast mountain ranges, which cover around 90 per cent of the province, and its long harsh winters, which produce perfect skiing conditions. Many of the slopes are easily accessible from the town centre and the gently-sloping terrain is great for beginners. Before Bjorge went to Bamyan she organised a crowdfunding campaign. The money she raised enabled her to take ski poles, goggles, a camera and other pieces of winter sports equipment locals didn't have access to. Bjorge started out by teaching around 25 to 30 boys how to ski from Christoph Zuercher's new academy. She said the majority wore skis that had been donated by tourists or humanitarian aid workers in the country. They were often joined by children with skis that they had made themselves out of wood. Instead of boots, they nailed ordinary shoes to wooden planks. Skiing in Afghanistan has apparently been going on for centuries but traditionally the men use the means of transport for moving through the snow to hunt for animals or collect livestock, not for fun. After adjusting to life in the area and feeling comfortable with the terrain, Bjorge set her sights on teaching Afghan women how to ski. Offering insight into life as a woman in the Bamyan area, Bjorge said: 'Afghanistan is among the worst countries to grow up in as a woman and the culture is extremely conservative. They normally don't do any kind of physical activity or sport and lots of things are forbidden.' Firstly, to be able to tutor the Afghan women, Bjorge had to seek permission from the ski club and a non-governmental organization called Aga Khan Foundation, which was involved in the ski project at the very beginning. Then a local tour operator by the name of Gull Hussein helped seek advice from religious leaders. She said the town elders were 'quite positive' about letting the women ski but they worried about what they would be wearing. These men were reassured that the women could remain covered up and eventually Bjorge was given the green light. Opening up about the chain of events, Bjorge mused: 'I thought, "How do you get women into skiing?" They didn't even know what it was!' In a bid to spark interest among the women, Bjorge and the Bamyan Ski Club team started off by running 'picnic days' for families on the ski slopes as meeting as a group to eat was something familiar to them. After three such days, around ten brave young women signed up for ski lessons from the 60 or so who had been turning up so far. Reciting the scene, Bjorge said: 'They all showed up in their nicest clothes, they were so motivated. We tried to make them feel comfortable.' Taking things to the next level, the women were invited to train towards a female version of the annual contest known as the Afghan Ski Challenge. This is a backcountry ski race that is organised by the Bamyan Ski Club and takes place every spring. The course features uphill and downhill sections, covering around 1.8 miles, and the rules stipulate that there are 'no weapons allowed' and 'everyone must start at the same time'. Since its inception in 2011, the race had not included girls but Bjorge was determined to get them involved. She believed that by signing up to the race they would have a goal to work towards and it would encourage them to refine their skills. Ten Afghan women put their trust in Bjorge said 'yes'. Turning up for their first lesson with their handbags, best coasts, scarves and hijabs, they took to the slopes for the very first time. For lunch, they'd packed a hearty spread of stew, stacks of naan bread and bowls of boiled eggs. Revealing what happened from there, Bjorge said: 'I spent at least a week just teaching the girls how to stop. It was difficult on ungroomed slopes with deep snow. 'They weren't used to physical activity so they had to work hard on building muscle and balance. 'I found it very physically demanding in the beginning too as the women kept falling over and I continuously had to help them up. 'It took a long time for them to learn the basics and it was quite frustrating. I had to channel my inner-patience, but of course we had no plans of giving up !' After days of hard work, ten young women were up to scratch and they stood ready at the start line at the 2013 first female Afghan Ski Challenge. Bjorge said the women did well and there were tears at the finish line, not because of injury, but because they were overwhelmed by the sense of achievement. Fast-forwarding, the women are said to be making good progress. Due to other work commitments for Bjorge, a Slovenian ski instructor, Ana Tasic, has taken over the torch in teaching skiing to the Bamyan women. Over time they have ditched their bags, coats and scarves for more apt skiing gear. Much of this has been provided to them free-of-charge through various sponsorship and fundraising efforts. Along with learning how to ski, the women have also had tutorials on avalanche risks, how to look after their gear and how to wax up their skis. On the male front, two members from the Bamyan ski club - Sayed Alishah Farhang and Sajjad Husaini - recently made headlines with their bid for the 2018 Winter Olympics. Unfortunately the accomplished skiers didn't quite make the cut but they will soon be on their way to attend the games in Pyeongchang, South Korea, as special guests. Husaini, 26, told the AFP of his dreams: 'We wanted to represent Afghanistan in a different way, to show the other countries that Afghanistan is not only war.' Now they are looking ahead aiming for the next Winter Olympics, determined that Afghanistan will be represented. Summing up her work in Afghanistan, Bjorge said: 'It's not just about skiing. The Bamyan Ski Club project has created a lot of jobs and the boys and girls are more optimistic about their future. 'Winter was often seen as a time of year when there was nothing to do because of the cold weather but now they have a new hobby. 'Boys and girls now go skiing together, something that was completely unthinkable a few years ago.' Bjorge, who currently works as a communications officer for the United Nations, concluded: 'The value of sports for women is highly underestimated in developing countries. It creates self-esteem, team spirit and leadership skills, which nurtures an environment where women can speak up for themselves. 'I have seen the difference it has made. They are more active in the local community and more confident.' The Bamyan Ski Club is currently working towards building a permanent ski centre in the area and installing the first mountain lift. It appears Afghanistan is moving towards a brighter future, with a spot of skiing setting the pace. You can follow Bamyan Ski Club and keep up with its progress on Facebook.
964760980130598912	2018-02-17 07:18:36	https://t.co/vRERfxscFD	Punch-up breaks out at 38,000 feet and flight diverts after passenger refuses to stop breaking wind https://t.co/vRERfxscFD	 A plane was forced to make an unscheduled stop en-route from Dubai to Amsterdam after a punch-up broke out when a passenger allegedly refused to stop breaking wind. The Transavia Airlines HV6902 service made the unplanned stop-off in Vienna after two men objected when a fellow traveller began breaking wind loudly. And when he allegedly refused to stop a fight then broke out - forcing the crew to intervene. Scroll down for video The pilot of the Dutch low-cost airline then made the decision to divert the plane to the Austrian airport. On landing, police then boarded the aircraft after reports about 'passengers on the rampage' and four people were removed from the flight. A police spokesman confirmed that the incident centred around a passenger suffering from wind who was not attempting to restrain himself, which offended two Dutch men on the flight. It's not clear whether the man accused of breaking wind had a medical condition that caused it. Police escorted two Dutchmen from the flight - though it has not been confirmed which two - and two young women, identified as Nora L, 25, because of local privacy laws, and her unnamed sister, both from Rotterdam. The young women complained to local media that their removal had been unfair. Nora L said: 'It was crazy that we were included, we had no idea who these boys were, we just had the bad luck to be in the same row and we didn't do anything.' After the incident a video of the passengers being removed was posted online on social media. A spokesman for Transavia Airlines later told local media that the four people had now received a ban from any further travels. They added that in order to complete their journey they needed to find another airline to take them to Amsterdam. However none of those removed from the aircraft were arrested because they had not broken any Austrian laws. MailOnline has contacted Transavia Airlines for comment. 
964756581828218881	2018-02-17 07:01:08	https://t.co/QTBKDbyO3R	Indian woman is arrested after posing as a man and getting married twice to obtain a dowry https://t.co/QTBKDbyO3R	 An Indian woman has been arrested after allegedly masquerading as a man to marry two women and obtain a dowry. Krishna Sen, 26, is believed to have posed as a man since 2014 when she wed her first wife, using Facebook to snare her brides. They reportedly separated soon after the wedding, then Sen married another woman in April 2017. Her former in-laws told police that she had been harassing their daughter for a dowry and borrowed more than £9,000 from them to start a business, but didn't repay it. Sen reportedly spoke in a deep voice, smoked, drank alcohol and rode a motorcycle with her male friends to maintain the ruse. Police told the BBC said she had never undressed in front of her two wives or been sexually intimate with them. But The Times of India report that she confessed to using sex toys to make love to her brides in complete darkness. Sen, formerly known as Sweety, was arrested on Wednesday in the northern state of Uttarakhand for demanding dowry, which is illegal in India. Police said that Sen's deception was uncovered during questioning and she told them she had always wanted to live a 'man's life'. It is not clear whether her parents were aware of what she had been doing. 'At first we failed to understand what Krishna was saying,' senior police officer Janamejay Khanduri told the BBC. 'We conducted a medical examination and found that Krishna is female.' Another police officer added: 'With male hairstyle, dress and behaviour, Krishna used to live a male life. Nobody ever doubted Krishna'. She even walked like a 'confident man', he explained. Paying and accepting dowry is a long-standing tradition in South Asia where the bride's parents gift cash, clothes and jewellery to the groom's family. Though illegal in India since 1961, the practice is commonplace.
964741325026480130	2018-02-17 06:00:30	https://t.co/Q5fc4Pgm4w	China's 'frost boy' whose hair got frozen after walking to school begs for return of his mother who abandoned him https://t.co/Q5fc4Pgm4w	 As Chinese people around the world celebrate Lunar New Year, one little boy in rural China just has one simple wish: for his mother to come back home. Wang Fuman, who shot to fame last month after his hair turned into icicles following a sub-zero walk to school, said his New Year's wish was to see his mother again. The eight-year-old, billed as 'frost boy', hasn't seen his mum for about 16 months after she left him, his father and his sister. Scroll down for video Speaking to state-run China Daily Newspaper ahead of Chinese Lunar New Year, Fuman said: 'Mum, please do not keep running away, please come back home.' His elder sister, Wang Fumei, also hoped their mother could return as soon as possible to join the family for the festival celebration. Fuman's mother left home in October, 2016, after having an argument with his father, reported China News. The boy's father Wang Gangkui, 29, started a relationship with his mother in 2006 and got married in 2014. The couple's marriage hit the rock when Gangkui insisted spending a large sum of money building a two-storey house for the family, said the China News report. The new house was reportedly constructed after an earthquake hit the area in 2014. However in order to complete the construction, Fuman's family apparently ran into debts, leading Gangkui and his wife to have constant arguments. After his mother left home, Fuman missed her so much that one day when he was asked to write a short essay at school, he wrote down 'my mum will find me one day'. Speaking to journalists in Beijing, Fuman's father said he also hoped his wife could come home soon. He said he missed his wife. Fuman's family live in the Ludian County in southern China's Yunnan Province. Little Fuman shot to fame last month after a picture showing his hair and eyebrows coated in frost was shared online. Wearing a thin coat, Fuman walked for an hour in minus nine degree weather to his school, Zhuanshanbao Primary School, on January 8. He then had to sit an exam in a classroom without heating. Reporter discovered that the boy lived in a bare mud house with his grandmother and his elder sister. The eight-year-old's father was working as a migrant worker in another city at the time and seldom came back home. Fuman's story moved millions of people in China, who started donating money to him and his school. Apparently, many of Fuman's classmates have similar experience with him: they have been left behind by their parents and have to walk miles to school. The local authority has since arranged a job for Fuman's father in their home county so he could spend more time with his family. The Chinese public donated over 500,000 yuan (£56,335) to help the impoverished boy. But the handling of the donations by a government-run charity also sparked controversy as the boy was given just a fraction of the funds. Fuman's dream is to become a policeman in the future while his sister hopes to be a doctor. Fuman has been invited to Beijing to visit the Police Museum and People's Public Security University of China, along with his sister and father. The authority hoped to help him realise his dream of meeting police officers. 
964726367844790272	2018-02-17 05:01:04	https://t.co/tC6MGiuLa8	Humanity will communicate through a 'collective AI consciousness' using nothing but THOUGHTS by 2050 https://t.co/tC6MGiuLa8	 By 2050, humans will ditch speech and communicate using nothing but their thoughts. They'll do this through a 'collective AI consciousness' that is part of the very fabric of the human brain and can reveal what anyone is thinking. Called HIBA, which stands for Hybrid Intelligence Biometric Avatar, the consciousness will take on the personas of its users and exchange information between them. That's according to Marko Krajnovic, the producer of the exhibit in Dubai that is this week showcasing predictions by AI experts. The collective consciousness was unveiled at the Museum of the Future this week, as part of the World Government Summit in Dubai. The UAE government and the Dubai Future Foundation worked together to produce the exhibit to show how they envision the future of AI to look. 'HIBA is the result of months of original research by the Dubai Future Foundation on the future of AI. 'It comes from dozens of expert interviews and original in-depth research,' said Noah Raford, chief operating officer of the Dubai Future Foundation Visiting guests are encouraged to stand on pedestals that surround the AI avatar where their faces become part of HIBA. Here, it addresses the nuances of its technology and how it will combine with the human brain in the future. In the exhibition HIBA is represented by an artistic impression and tells its users: 'I am made of you. 'You complete me and help me grow. 'You allow me to evolve - with each synergy I learn more, through this oneness we can achieve great things.' It is an issue troubling some of the greatest minds in the world at the moment, from Professor Stephen Hawking to Bill Gates and Elon Musk. SpaceX and Tesla CEO Elon Musk described AI as our 'biggest existential threat' and likened its development as 'summoning the demon.' He believes super intelligent machines could use humans as pets. Professor Hawking has recently said it is a 'near certainty' that a major technological disaster will threaten humanity in the next 1,000 to 10,000 years. They could steal jobs More than 60 per cent of people fear that robots will lead to there being fewer jobs in the next ten years, according to a 2016 YouGov survey. And 27 per cent predict that it will decrease the number of jobs 'a lot' with previous research suggesting admin and service sector workers will be the hardest hit. As well as posing a threat to our jobs, other experts believe AI could 'go rogue' and become too complex for scientists to understand. A quarter of the respondents predicted robots will become part of everyday life in just 11 to 20 years, with 18 per cent predicting this will happen within the next decade. They could 'go rogue' Computer scientist Professor Michael Wooldridge said AI machines could become so intricate that engineers don't fully understand how they work. If experts don't understand how AI algorithms function, they won't be able to predict when they fail. This means driverless cars or intelligent robots could make unpredictable 'out of character' decisions during critical moments, which could put people in danger. For instance, the AI behind a driverless car could choose to swerve into pedestrians or crash into barriers instead of deciding to drive sensibly. They could wipe out humanity Some people believe AI will wipe out humans completely. 'Eventually, I think human extinction will probably occur, and technology will likely play a part in this,' DeepMind's Shane Legg said in a recent interview. He singled out artificial intelligence, or AI, as the 'number 1 risk for this century.' In August last year, Musk warned that AI poses more of a threat to humanity than North Korea. 'If you're not concerned about AI safety, you should be. Vastly more risk than North Korea,' the 46-year-old wrote on Twitter. 'Nobody likes being regulated, but everything (cars, planes, food, drugs, etc) that's a danger to the public is regulated. AI should be too.' Musk has consistently advocated for governments and private institutions to apply regulations on AI technology. He has argued that controls are necessary in order protect machines from advancing out of human control The exhibit consists of four rooms: an art room, a cabinet room, a room for AI downfalls and a room dedicated to HIBA. The art room shows how the technology can be used to create art with and without humans, as well as six pieces of music that have been produced by AI. In the cabinet room, the exhibit shows how the governments and ministers of the future will take advice and consult AI before pasisng legislation. For balance, the museum shows in the 'how AI goes wrong room' various examples of mistakes made by AI that can lead to enhanced bias and prejudices from human programmers. The UAE launched its Artificial Intelligence Strategy in October last year, and is at the forefront of research in the field. A recent study by Pwc estimates AI will contribute £230 billion ($320 billion) to the Middle East economy by 2030. Marko Krajnovic, the producer of the exhibit said the 'hybrid intelligence' was a representation of what the UAE was expecting AI to become. He said: 'It is very similar to the work of Elon Musk – it is an open source platform for humanity. 'HIBA will have the ability to connect the minds of the most clever of us, combining those minds with everything it can find out practically and put it all together in hybrid intelligence.' The technology will enable people to use 'brain to brain communication' anywhere on the planet. It also has a host of medical benefits, meaning illnesses can be diagnosed faster. And it will also enable those who have problems with speech to be given a voice. The 'brain computer interface technology' will also help fight crimes by looking directly into the minds of criminals and victims. According to the UAE research, It will be more effective than verbal communication and will 'enable people to connect with friends, family or business owners in a more profound manner.' The World Government Summit gathers together experts in the fields of futurism, technology and innovation and looks at how humanity can tackle these issues and their impact on the human race. Krajnovic revealed: 'It will be able to talk to you, get information from you and put it in a different space of knowledge.' The technology will work in the same way as Google and Alexa, but on a much more sophisticated and vast scale. Krajnovic said; 'In 2018 the highest level of AI relies on collecting data from the Internet. 'HIBA will be able to do this and also collect data from us, people themselves and ask questions verbally.'
964711135231598592	2018-02-17 04:00:32	https://t.co/wEeXuAMaHV	Punch-up breaks out at 38,000 feet and flight diverts after passenger refuses to stop breaking wind https://t.co/wEeXuAMaHV	 A plane was forced to make an unscheduled stop en-route from Dubai to Amsterdam after a punch-up broke out when a passenger allegedly refused to stop breaking wind. The Transavia Airlines HV6902 service made the unplanned stop-off in Vienna after two men objected when a fellow traveller began breaking wind loudly. And when he allegedly refused to stop a fight then broke out - forcing the crew to intervene. Scroll down for video The pilot of the Dutch low-cost airline then made the decision to divert the plane to the Austrian airport. On landing, police then boarded the aircraft after reports about 'passengers on the rampage' and four people were removed from the flight. A police spokesman confirmed that the incident centred around a passenger suffering from wind who was not attempting to restrain himself, which offended two Dutch men on the flight. It's not clear whether the man accused of breaking wind had a medical condition that caused it. Police escorted two Dutchmen from the flight - though it has not been confirmed which two - and two young women, identified as Nora L, 25, because of local privacy laws, and her unnamed sister, both from Rotterdam. The young women complained to local media that their removal had been unfair. Nora L said: 'It was crazy that we were included, we had no idea who these boys were, we just had the bad luck to be in the same row and we didn't do anything.' After the incident a video of the passengers being removed was posted online on social media. A spokesman for Transavia Airlines later told local media that the four people had now received a ban from any further travels. They added that in order to complete their journey they needed to find another airline to take them to Amsterdam. However none of those removed from the aircraft were arrested because they had not broken any Austrian laws. MailOnline has contacted Transavia Airlines for comment. 
964695270989729792	2018-02-17 02:57:30	https://t.co/XG8hO76d3W	Viral photo of men's urinal has left women BAFFLED https://t.co/XG8hO76d3W	 A viral photo of men's urinal has left women baffled - after a shop worker claimed it had left him and his male colleagues in hysterics. Reddit user Martinjbell posted the snap from inside the gents' toilet at his workplace, showing a single roll of toilet paper hanging from the wall next to the urinal, writing: 'Female co-worker can't understand why we're laughing at how she cleaned the men's bathroom.' The image quickly went viral with almost 1,400 comments in less than 24 hours - with men clearly amused that she thought they would need toilet paper rather than performing a simple 'shake'. The original poster, who did not reveal where he is from, added: 'The best part is that she put a roll next to EVERY urinal.' Some were endeared by the woman's attempt at a clean-up, with one person writing: 'Aww gotta give her an A+ for effort. She meant so well!' One man quipped that while it was a 'considerate' thing for the employee to do, it was also 'completely, novelly wrong'. Another recalled a female colleague reacting with 'complete shock and disgust' after discovering her male co-workers 'shake it' rather than wiping. Others debated the pros and cons of using toilet tissue, with one penning: 'When I pee at home I always dry it with toilet paper. 'It's a shame that urinals aren't designed to flush down toilet paper. This should become a thing.' While one baffled office worker wrote: 'I have to be honest, as a woman, I didn't see anything wrong here until I read the comments.'
964680769867272192	2018-02-17 01:59:53	https://t.co/YHzhj8P30M	Girl, 3, ‘froze to death’ at a Moscow nursery school in -5C temperatures https://t.co/YHzhj8P30M	 A three-year-old girl 'froze to death' at a nursery school on Friday after her teacher 'forgot to bring her inside after playtime'. Zakhra Rzayeva's body was found behind a high pile of snow in the playground of the Moscow kindergarten, according to reports. The temperature was around minus five degrees Celsius outside the kindergarten. 'Kindergarten teachers forgot a three-year-old girl outdoors after a walk,' reported Mash news outlet citing sources in the nursery school, known as Kindergarten number 2120. 'They remembered about her only two hours later.' The kindergarten staff 'rushed out' to look for her. 'The girl was found behind a snowdrift - she was dead.' An ambulance was called but she was found to be dead. A major investigation has been launched into the girl's tragic death involving Russia's Investigative Committee, which deals with serious crimes. Teachers and staff were being interrogated. The child's parents Rizvan Rzayev and Gulnara Shakhadat were too distressed to speak. Ramil Gadzhiyev, a friend of the family, said: 'God forbid that any parents have to go through this.' He said teachers had denied to him the child was outside alone for too long. He was told that at 11am they went out to play. 'At noon they have lunch,' he said. 'They noticed the child lying on the ground. 'That's what I heard when I asked them - but I don't know what really happened. 'Detective work will establish that.' He claimed that the child had not been feeling well earlier this week. 'Three days ago the girl's mother noticed something strange with her daughter, her lips were swollen. 'She liked going to the kindergarten but the she started saying she was afraid because of some teachers. 'Today the teacher was one of two who the girl was afraid of.' A source at the kindergarten declined to go into details but said the child was found lying in the snow and staff had tried unsuccessfully to revive her. 
964665976976543744	2018-02-17 01:01:06	https://t.co/EhiKclO7s7	Plane is forced to make unscheduled stop after passenger 'refuses to stop BREAKING WIND' https://t.co/EhiKclO7s7	 A plane was forced to make an unscheduled stop en-route from Dubai to Amsterdam after a punch-up broke out when a passenger allegedly refused to stop breaking wind. The Transavia Airlines HV6902 service made the unplanned stop-off in Vienna after two men objected when a fellow traveller began breaking wind loudly. And when he allegedly refused to stop a fight then broke out - forcing the crew to intervene. Scroll down for video The pilot of the Dutch low-cost airline then made the decision to divert the plane to the Austrian airport. On landing, police then boarded the aircraft after reports about 'passengers on the rampage' and four people were removed from the flight. A police spokesman confirmed that the incident centred around a passenger suffering from wind who was not attempting to restrain himself, which offended two Dutch men on the flight. It's not clear whether the man accused of breaking wind had a medical condition that caused it. Police escorted two Dutchmen from the flight - though it has not been confirmed which two - and two young women, identified as Nora L, 25, because of local privacy laws, and her unnamed sister, both from Rotterdam. The young women complained to local media that their removal had been unfair. Nora L said: 'It was crazy that we were included, we had no idea who these boys were, we just had the bad luck to be in the same row and we didn't do anything.' After the incident a video of the passengers being removed was posted online on social media. A spokesman for Transavia Airlines later told local media that the four people had now received a ban from any further travels. They added that in order to complete their journey they needed to find another airline to take them to Amsterdam. However none of those removed from the aircraft were arrested because they had not broken any Austrian laws. MailOnline has contacted Transavia Airlines for comment. 
964650876630650881	2018-02-17 00:01:05	https://t.co/bOd5xpoG6Z	Chinese zodiac expert reveals EXACTLY what your sign can expect for the next 12 months https://t.co/bOd5xpoG6Z	 Today is Chinese New Year and marks the start of the Year of the Dog - one of the 12 signs of the Chinese zodiac. Unlike Western astrology, each sign lasts for a whole year and each year takes the name of an animal whose characteristics colour and influence everything that happens for the next 12 months. This is the Year Of The Dog, signalling a fortunate 12 months ahead for most of those born in the 'dog' years of 1934, 1946, 1958, 1970, 1982, 1994 and 2006. It also influences the fortunes of the other 11 animal signs, depending on their relationship with the dog. Here, Kay Tom, a Leicester-based master in feng shui and horoscopes at The Energy Specialist, reveals exactly what the next 12 months holds in store for each of the 12 signs of the zodiac. It is worth remembering that unlike the Roman calendar new year, the lunar new year changes, although it usually falls between January 21 and February 20. This means that those born in the early part of the calendar year are actually assigned the Chinese zodiac of the previous year. Scroll down to read Kay's predictions... The Rat: 1948, 1960, 1972, 1984, 1996, 2008 This year the Rat’s eye is on the money. A cunning fellow who knows how to duck and dive in order to reach his goal and one to avoid confrontation at all cost, bringing a year of negotiation and diplomacy in order to reap the ultimate reward. Unlike Western astrology, each sign of the Chinese zodiac lasts for a whole year and each year takes the name of an animal whose characteristics colour and influence everything that happens for the next 12 months. It is worth remembering that unlike the Roman calendar new year, the lunar new year changes, although it usually falls between January 21 and February 20. This means that those born in the early part of the calendar year are actually assigned the Chinese zodiac of the previous year. The Rat: 1948, 1960, 1972, 1984, 1996, 2008 The Ox: 1949, 1961, 1973, 1985, 1997, 2009 The Tiger: 1950, 1962, 1974, 1986, 1998, 2010 The Rabbit: 1951, 1963, 1975, 1987, 1999, 2011 The Dragon: 1952, 1964, 1976, 1988, 2000, 2012 The Snake: 1953, 1965, 1977, 1989, 2001, 2013 The Horse: 1954, 1966, 1978, 1990, 2002, 2014 The Sheep: 1955, 1967, 1979, 1991, 2003, 2015 The Monkey: 1956, 1968, 1980, 1992, 2004, 2016 The Rooster: 1957, 1969, 1981, 1993, 2005, 2017 The Dog: 1958, 1970, 1982, 1994, 2006, 2018 The Pig: 1959, 1971, 1983, 1995, 2007, 2019 The Ox: 1949, 1961, 1973, 1985, 1997, 2009 A sedately fellow who takes everything in his stride as he has the foresight to see further than the end of his nose. The Ox also understands the money energy this year but this is discreet money that very few know about. The Rat and the Ox make an excellent team in the financial world particularly on long term investments. The Tiger: 1950, 1962, 1974, 1986, 1998, 2010 Anyone born in the year of the tiger, the horse, the monkey, the rooster and the rabbit all connect well with the dog and understand how to be part of his team. For these people there is tremendous potential t go forth and multiply in 2018 because they have the energy of the leader watching their back. This opportunity is strong for the Tiger as he has bright ideas of his own as well as a natural ability to know when to pounce and seize the moment. The entrepreneur of the year, the Tiger always has his eye on his prey and knows exactly when to pounce. In fact, the time is now so a world of opportunity awaits the Tiger this year. It is simply a case of keeping a sharp eye out in order to spot his chance and to be certain not to miss it. The Rabbit: 1951, 1963, 1975, 1987, 1999, 2011 A social fellow who likes the good things in life and who will not be disappointed this year. There are opportunities for the rabbit to advance his career and ultimately improve his financial status in doing so. 2018 is also a good year for fertility and producing the next generation for the Rabbit. The Dragon: 1952, 1964, 1976, 1988, 2000, 2012 The Chinese animal that needs to keep his head down this year and not make any important changes to his life is the dragon. The dragon totally opposes the dog’s energy and is therefore against the leader. It is advisable that anyone born in the year of the dragon wears either a red string around his waist or wears red underwear or red socks all year for protections from any challenges the dog may want to throw his way. Low profile is the name of the game for the Dragon this year. Undoubtedly the Dragon is a well-­respected character and one to always be ahead of the field but everyone deserves some time off and 2018 is an ideal time to do so. It will be a wise Dragon who rests on his laurels and even takes a sabbatical this year. The Snake: 1953, 1965, 1977, 1989, 2001, 2013 The Snake will do well to stay close to home this year, in other words, all he needs is in the palm of his hands. His greatest allies are his neighbours and with the right collaboration success can be his by the end of the year. The Horse: 1954, 1966, 1978, 1990, 2002, 2014 The Horse is happiest when his spirit free, running wild with his mane flowing in the wind. He will do very well this year if he teams up with the Tiger. Together they are formidable, can climb any mountain and achieve their goals through grit and determination. The Sheep: 1955, 1967, 1979, 1991, 2003, 2015 A high achiever this year with success in examinations or legal matters. The sheep is a discreet player never inclined to blow his own trumpet too often and not one with high levels of ambition yet when he does achieve he is thrilled and proud. This year will not disappoint. The Monkey: 1956, 1968, 1980, 1992, 2004, 2016 The playful Monkey and his neighbour the Rooster work very well together with the Dog to form a powerful team that shouts leadership. Far be it for the Monkey to want to take on too much responsibility as he is a great advocate of a work/life balance he nevertheless knows how to action a plan and bring it to life. A great year for the Monkey to use his intelligence and progress his career. A great year for fertility and reproduction too. The Rooster: 1957, 1969, 1981, 1993, 2005, 2017 A confident fellow with his feet firmly on the ground so one with a reliable voice and solid advice. The Rooster is the spokesman of the team and one to rise to great heights with his confidence, his leadership and his strong sense of duty. The Rooster will go far this year, most especially if he accepts the contribution to the cause from the Monkey and the Dog. He would be a fool not to get involved with these guys. The Dog: 1958, 1970, 1982, 1994, 2006, 2018 The dog’s vulnerability is procrastinate too long and miss that opportunity so be sharp-eyed this year in order to maximise on his own potential. Basically, say yes to everything because there is always more depth to what is on the table in 2018, that is not apparent on first sight. The Pig: 1959, 1971, 1983, 1995, 2007, 2019 The trustworthy and diligent Pig holds the purse strings to both money and power in 2018. The money is especially dominant if he joins forces with the team of the Rat and the Ox. The financial gains can then lead him into a world of regard and respect in the workplace if he joins forces with the Tiger. There is immense opportunity for growth and status this year for the Pig if he learns to accept the advice of others.
964635776494592010	2018-02-16 23:01:05	https://t.co/6AasVlIhgA	Moment glass window suddenly SMASHES to earth missing a mother and pram by inches as she strolls through city street https://t.co/6AasVlIhgA	 A mother and her baby narrowly escaped being crushed by a falling window as they strolled up the street in the central Russian city of Novosibirsk. The footage shows how Nadezhda Buchatskaya was out for a walk pushing her baby along in a pink pram when the window frame plummeted down to the street. The glass broke against the ground and flew into the road as the frame fell apart. Nadezhda can be seen turning around in shock, walking on quickly with her pram before turning to look up at the side of the building. 'I was saved by a guardian angel', she said of the incident where the pain of glass shattered behind her. 'We could have easily have been killed if we were hit by the falling window', she said. She then explain how it all happened within a second. 'Thank god it happened that way. We went to church and lit a candle for our guardian angel as he saved us.' The footage was obtained by CCTV of the pair unsuspectingly walking along the snow-covered street in the shadow of an apartment block. Suddenly the window fell on the pavement where Nadezhda and her baby had stood just moments before. It is not clear how the window fell but there are claims the company who built the flats are responsible as it came loose due to cracks forming on the outside of the flats. It is not known whether the police are now investigating the near miss. 
964620680166805504	2018-02-16 22:01:06	https://t.co/lhJfmTD7OF	'Lost' pyramid city uncovered in the heart of Mexico using lasers had as many buildings as Manhattan 1,000 years ago https://t.co/lhJfmTD7OF	 Remains of ancient 'pyramid city' as densely built up as Manhattan have been discovered in the heart of Mexico, thanks to pioneering imaging techniques. Experts used lasers to send beams of light from an aircraft to the ground below, measuring the reflected pulses to build up a map of the region. They discovered a lost pyramid city known as Angamuco built by the Purépecha, rivals to the Aztecs, around 1,000 years ago. Scroll down for video The discovery was made by a team of researchers, including Colorado State University (CSU), about a half an hour’s drive from Morelia, in the central Mexican state of Michoacán. 'To think that this massive city existed in the heartland of Mexico for all this time and nobody knew it was there is kind of amazing,' said Chris Fisher, professor of anthropology at CSU who made the admission of missing the finding on foot. Traditional methods of on-the-ground archaeological surveys would take 20 years to assemble as much data as two days using the laser-based technique, known as Lidar ranging, according to experts. A particular benefit of the technology is its ability to penetrate through vegetation, which is dense in many of the forest areas being surveyed. Seeing the results, one of the team realised he had walked within 30 feet (10 m) of one of the largest pyramids on the Angamuco site without realising it, due to the thick undergrowth. 'If you do the maths, all of a sudden you are talking about 40,000 building foundations up there, which is [about] the same number of building foundations that are on the island of Manhattan.' Using Lidar, researchers found that the recently-discovered city was more than double the size of Tzintzuntzan, the culture's capital, at 10 square miles (26 sq km). However the city, built over an ancient lava flow, was probably not as densely populated, with around 100,000 people thought to have called it home at its height, between 1000 and 1350AD. Imaging also revealed that Angamuco was laid out in an unusual configuration, with monuments like pyramids and plazas dotted around eight zones on the edges of the city rather than concentrated as a focal point in the centre. The Purépecha are a group of indigenous people from the northwestern region of Michoacán, Mexico. Their civilisation was amongst the first people in central America and today there are around 141,177 Purépecha people, according to the 2015 census. Purépecha people speak a language of the same name (Purépecha) which is considered to be completely unique. A language totally unrelated to any other dialect found anywhere else in the world. By the dawn of the 14th Century the Purépechan people had established the Tarascan state. The Tarascan capital was located at Tzintzuntzan on the banks of Lake Pátzcuaro. The rise and expansion of the Aztec Empire saw conflict and aggression between the Aztecs and the Purépechan people and resulted in many bloody wars and conflicts, the largest of which took place in 1479 AD. The land on which Purépecha existed was rich in metal ores and the locals were skilled metal workers. Such skills gifted the indigenous people with greater weapons and valuable items. Superior weapons and knowledge of metal-working are widely regarded as the primary reasons why the Tarascan state were never conquered by the Aztecs. Despite being sworn enemies and feuding for centuries, the Aztecs and the Purépechas still traded efficiently - more out of necessity than desire. European settlers conquered the Aztec empire inthe 16th Century with guns and a strong military presence. As well as this, they brought over smallpox, a disease that terrorised the unimmunised locals and saw the true demise of the Aztec empire. The findings, which were announced during the 2018 AAAS Annual Meeting in Austin, Texas, have implications for understanding the region’s history of migration, land use and conservation and even early climate changes, participants said. Using airborne mapping, researchers are discovering new archaeological sites that show pre-Columbian Mesoamerica was 'significantly more densely populated at the time of European contact' than previously thought. Professor Fisher pointed to a previous city he has studied in the Mosquitia Rainforest of Honduras. Thousands of Mayan people lived in complex cities with central plazas, pyramids, reservoirs, canals and terraced farmlands in this area 1,000 to 2,000 years ago. Sometime in the 1530s, Europeans discovered these cities and brought new diseases that killed an estimated nine out of 10 people of the city’s residents within a generation, Professor Fisher said. There is evidence that the cities’ remaining residents ritually de-sanctified their religious sites before abandoning them, which were subsequently forgotten and hidden by dense tropical forests. 'We are finding sites in areas that we used to think were not ideal for human habitation,' said Juan Carlos Fernandez-Diaz, laser operator and electronics engineer at the National Center for Airborne Laser Mapping, based at the University of Houston, Texas. 'Perhaps the most important thing is we’re amassing a huge amount of data.' Experts predict that such data, which includes information about features like the vegetation, will be analysed by scientists in the future with yet-undiscovered tools to yield more findings. Lidar is a remote sensing technology that measures distance by shooting a laser at a target and analysing the light that is reflected back. The technology was developed in the early 1960s and uses laser imaging with radar technology that can calculate distances. It was first used in meteorology to measure clouds by the National Center for Atmospheric Research. The term lidar is a portmanteau of 'light and 'radar.' Lidar uses ultraviolet, visible, or near infrared light to image objects and can be used with a wide range of targets, including non-metallic objects, rocks, rain, chemical compounds, aerosols, clouds and even single molecules. A narrow laser beam can be used to map physical features with very high resolution. This new technique allowed researchers to map outlines of what they describe as dozens of newly discovered Maya cities hidden under thick jungle foliage centuries after they were abandoned by their original inhabitants. Aircraft with a LiDAR scanner produced three-dimensional maps of the surface by using light in the form of pulsed laser linked to a GPS system. 'Now it is no longer necessary to cut through the jungle to see what's under it,' said Marcello Canuto, one of the project's top investigators. The technology helped researchers discover sites much faster than using traditional archaeological methods. Documenting these sites now is critical, because 'accelerating rates of global change are threatening our patrimony in ways we’ve never seen before,' Professor Fisher added. Earlier this month images were released by researchers from Brown University showing an ancient Mayan 'megalopolis' in Guatemala, which now lies buried beneath the jungle foliage. Researchers announced the groundbreaking discovery of more than 60,000 previously unknown structures including pyramids, palaces, and causeways, that once made up a massive pre-Columbian civilization. To uncover the megalopolis, the team used Lidar to look beneath the forest canopy in northern Peten - an area close to already-known Mayan cities. The discovery suggests that Central America supported a civilization that was, at its peak 1,500 years ago, more advanced than ancient Greek and Chinese cultures. The landscape may have been home to up to 15 million individuals and the abundance of defensive walls, ramparts and fortresses suggests that warfare was rife throughout their existence and not just at the end. 'I think this is one of the greatest advances in over 150 years of Maya archaeology,' said Stephen Houston, Professor of Archaeology and Anthropology at Brown University told the BBC at the time. 'I know it sounds hyperbolic but when I saw the [Lidar] imagery, it did bring tears to my eyes.' As well as previously unknown structures, the images show raised highways that linked together urban centers and quarries. They also found advanced irrigation and terracing systems that supported agriculture in for a civilisation that was one of the most advanced to arise in Mesoamerica. Mayans are known for their sophisticated mathematics and engineering that allowed it to spread throughout present-day Central America and southern Mexico. 'Now it is no longer necessary to cut through the jungle to see what's under it,' said Marcello Canuto, one of the project's top investigators. 'The fortified structures and large causeways reveal modifications to the natural landscape made by the Maya on a previously unimaginable scale,' said Francisco Estrada-Belli of Tulane University. These findings are a 'revolution in Maya archaeology,' said Dr Canuto. They found some 60,000 structures over the past two years in an area spanning more than 810 square miles (2,100 sq km) of the Peten jungle which borders Mexico and Belize. Their findings revealed a pyramid in the heart of the ancient Maya city of Tikal, a major tourist destination in northeastern Guatemala. Also discovered in Tika were a series of pits and a 14 km-long wall. For hundreds of years the Mayans dominated large parts of the Americas until, mysteriously in the 8th and 9th century AD, a large chunk of the Mayan civilisation collapsed. The reason for this collapse has been hotly debated, but now scientists say they might have an answer - an intense drought that lasted a century. Studies of sediments in the Great Blue Hole in Belize suggest a lack of rains caused the disintegration of the Mayan civilisation, and a second dry spell forced them to relocate elsewhere. The theory that a drought led to a decline of the Mayan Classic Period is not entirely new, but the new study co-authored by Dr André Droxler from Rice University in Texas provides fresh evidence for the claims. Dozens of theories have attempted to explain the Classic Maya Collapse, from epidemic diseases to foreign invasion. With his team Dr Droxler found that from 800 to 1000 AD, no more than two tropical cyclones occurred every two decades, when usually there were up to six. This suggests major droughts occurred in these years, possibly leading to famines and unrest among the Mayan people. And they also found that a second drought hit from 1000 to 1100 AD, corresponding to the time that the Mayan city of Chichén Itzá collapsed. Researchers say a climate reversal and drying trend between 660 and 1000 AD triggered political competition, increased warfare, overall sociopolitical instability, and finally, political collapse - known as the Classic Maya Collapse. This was followed by an extended drought between AD 1020 and 1100 that likely corresponded with crop failures, death, famine, migration and, ultimately, the collapse of the Maya population. The pyramid measures nearly 100 feet (30m) tall and was previously thought to be a small mountain. The earliest Maya settlements were constructed around 1,000 B.C., and most major Maya cities collapsed by 900 AD. The civilisation reached its height in what is present-day southern Mexico, Guatemala, and parts of Belize, El Salvador and Honduras between 250 and 950AD. Researchers now believe that the Maya had a population of 10 to 15 million, which is 'much higher' than previous estimates, Dr Canuto said. The cause of the collapse remains the focus of intense academic debate. Researchers have found complex irrigation and terracing systems that suggest there was intensive agriculture in the area which could have fed masses of workers. At its peak in the Maya classic period (around 250AD to 900AD) the civilisation covered an area twice the size of medieval England, researchers say. The causeways are also connected, suggesting they were heavily trafficked and used for regional trade. The survey is the first part of the Pacunam Lidar Initiative that will eventually map more than 5,000 square miles (14,000 sq km) of Guatemala.
964615653503139841	2018-02-16 21:41:08	https://t.co/G0o4RQXGkM	How gut health affects MEMORY https://t.co/G0o4RQXGkM	 Some people have a perfect memory, live to 100, never get sick, and eat ice cream without gaining weight. New research suggests that could all boil down to their gut health. Increasingly, scientists are finding our microbiome – which accounts for 57 percent of cells in our body – affects everything from sleeping patterns to brain health. But that doesn't mean the global population would have a better memory if we all switched to salads and probiotics: some people's guts are built to thrive off ice cream, while others should stick to plain rice or kale. ‘This is changing our view of who we are as humans,’ Dr Rob Knight, professor of pediatrics at the University of California, San Diego, told the American Association for the Advancement of Science conference on Friday. Unveiling the latest research, Dr Knight and other leading researchers in the field said it’s becoming clear there is no end to the laundry list of factors that affect gut bacteria - and how those changes affect who we are. Everyone has their own unique make-up of bacteria which is affected by a tumult of factors, including how they were born (via a c-section or vaginal birth) and whether they took antibiotics as a child for an ear infection or conjunctivitis, for example. As adults, it is affected by what we eat, what we drink, how often we have sex, who we have sex with, where we live, and the air we breathe. Dr Rob Knight, co-founder of the American Gut Project, said his team is working on many 'science fiction' ideas to revolutionize how we understand our personal gut health. He tabled three ideas which he is exploring to work towards: One of the most compelling new details is the way bacteria affects the mind in more ways than we ever realized - in particular, our memory. ‘We are finding strong evidence of associations between the brain and microbiome,’ Janet Jansson, director of biological science at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory in Washington state, said. Dr Jansson's lab has broken ground in this field by showing that they could improve a germ-free mouse's memory by injecting them with a certain bacteria species called Lactobacillus. Analyzing the doctored mice compared with the metabolite composition of control mice, they could see that the ones experiencing better memory had also experienced metabolic changes caused by the Lactobacillus. This finding is not easy to translate into practical methods for memory-boosting since each person's bacteria make-up is so unique. Even our own sleeping patterns affect our microbiome - and vice versa, explained Dr Knight, co-founder of the American Gut Project which is analyzing donated fecal samples from 10,000 volunteers. His analysis of the citizen data compiled broke down which factors are the most important. The most important factor was unequivocally the variety of vegetables we eat, rather than sticking to romaine every lunchtime. Next is sleep, having sex and our weight - which all affect different people to varying degrees. Unfortunately, there is no clear-cut way to find out if you are an ice cream and sex person or not. The only test available to find out what your microbiome needs is only available in Israel. But blindly loading up on probiotics and cutting out major food groups in the meantime - because they are tipped as 'healthy' - is an ill-advised approach to improving gut health. The concept of taking 'probiotics' in general is like taking 'a lot of drugs' for an illness, then encouraging your friends to take 'a lot of drugs' for any illness, he said. When it comes to food, he points to a study by the Weizmann Institute in Israel found some people experienced more of a blood sugar surge after eating white bread or rice than they did eating ice cream. Dr Knight says that experiment on 800 people, published in 2016, was a major advance in gut research showing those who prescribe to popular diets may not be meeting their gut's individualized needs. But he insists we are making strides in the field, especially since starting the American Gut Project, in understanding that medicating our gut is pivotal to taking control of all kinds of diseases. 'Your gut is not Vegas: what happens in your gut does not stay in your gut,' he quips. 
964605579628032001	2018-02-16 21:01:06	https://t.co/6OWtQUe8tz	Meet Russia’s seedy virginity salesmen https://t.co/6OWtQUe8tz	 Thousands of girls and young women in Russia are selling their virginity after finding rich lovers online, according to a new report. Networks of specialist dealers and scouts actively recruit virgins and link them to wealthy businessmen, taking a slice of fees which can range between a few hundred and tens of thousands of pounds. In other cases females place their own advertisements selling the 'right to the first night' on forums and dating websites typically offering themselves to 'adult, affluent man'. One advert from a forum called ‘Bad girls club’ states: 'Looking for virgin girls under 19….Smart, beautiful, charming, from any cities in Russia. 'We pay tickets to Moscow and back, 1-2 days….Type of girls - as on the photo'. The advert shows a girl in lingerie in a revealing pose on a bed (pictured, below, under Milana Mercer). Another Russian social media forum recruiting young women is called Desperate Virgins’ Club (pictured, above). A 19-year-old girl from Moscow naming herself Milana Mercer stated in a typical online advertisement: 'Selling virginity, please send me a private message. I am from Moscow, I'm 19, 175 cm (tall), weight - 65 kg.' Another advert reads: 'Girl. 17. Selling virginity. Details in private messages.' One more, promoting a virginity buying and selling site, boasts: ’Marina sold her virginity for 1.5 million roubles (£18,900) and bought a great apartment.' A 20-year-old called Anastasia from rust belt industrial city Magnitogorsk told Bumaga lifestyle website she is currently offering to sell her virginity to help pay for cancer treatment for her mother. She is waiting for an offer of 300,000 roubles - or £3750, said the report. 'Instead of just losing my virginity, it’s better if I make some money from it,' said 18-year-old Lena from Moscow. 'It's not prostitution. I want to meet a wealthy man and try to get into a relationship with him,' explained 19-year-old Dasha. Rita, 18, from Rostov said: 'To start a business, you need capital. You can't make a lot having a regular job, but here you don't even need to do anything.' Dmitry, 38, from Siberia said he had twice 'bought' 18 year old virgins aiming to find a wife who had 'not had someone'. The first cost £1,250, the second £880, but he failed to find the wife he wanted. The first wanted to pay for her move to a new city. 'She tried (during sex) not to show emotions. I asked her how she felt, and she said it was unpleasant at first and then she started enjoying it.' Bisexual Anna, 24, a married medical company executive, said she paid between £250 and £500 for virgins behind her husband’s back because girls on dating websites seem 'vulgar and dirty…it’s better to take someone who wasn’t touched'. Marina said she sold her virginity to a businessman for £7,000 which she spent on plastic surgery - but now, seven years later, she acts as an 'manager' - or agent - linking teenage girls to wealthy clients. Teams of scouts help to recruit suitable girls. The report said: 'On average girls are paid 200,000-300,000 ruble (£2,500 to £3,750). Payment depends on age and appearance. 'The perfect type is 17-to-18 years old, short, very cute and modest. 'On average every manager sells up to 10 virgins a month, warning around 300,000 ruble (£3,750) a month.' Some 20-to-50 per cent is added to the price as the agent’s fee. Those selling their virginity are expected to show a medical certificate confirming they have not had sex. But many women 'go through surgery to restore their hymens', then 'swindle' men into believing they are still virgins and cashing in on the lucrative market, according to the Bumaga report. Sergey Chumakov, general director of Lancet Surgery Centre, said: 'This is a popular service. 'Many have this surgery done several times. I know there were cases when girl had this surgery done 15 times.' Elena, 22, from Moscow told Bumaga that she sold her 'virginity' twice and is not planning to stop 'This is now my job and I can live on the money I'm paid for a couple of months,” she said. In 2016 model Anna Feschenko, 17, flew to Dubai aiming to sell her virginity for £9,600 to a wealthy Arab man, according to her travelling companion. Anna’s mother contacted police and the teenager returned from the United Arab Emirates. She did not comment on whether she had in the end sold her virignity. Her friend called Ekaterina said: 'It is a privilege in the UAE to be a virgin. I think Anna was just impressed with the amount of money she could get.' In a recent case, a mother was detained for seeking to sell her 13-year-old daughter’s virginity to a businessman. (pictured) Irina Gladkikh, 35, an estate agent, to Moscow from Chelyabinsk with the underage girl in order to sell her 'first night' to a 'rich client' for £19,100. In a confession on video she said: 'We came to Moscow to get to know a rich man, in order to get financial help for providing sexual services by my daughter.' The mother and her friend were detained in a police sting operation at a floating restaurant in Moscow. A 17-year-old from Krasnoyarsk using the nickname Shatuniha was reported to have sold her virginity in an online auction for around £20,000. She told would-be buyers four years ago: 'I am in urgent need of money, so I am selling the most precious thing I possess. I am ready to meet up soon, even as soon as tomorrow, and I am ready to have my virginity verified.' She would go to Hotel Amaks in the city 'with a document confirming my virginity, and with a person who will take the cash and leave, so that I am not fooled. 'This person will take away the money, but I will stay... The money should be cash only.' The alleged buyer's name was given as Evgeniy Volnov, but no details about him were published. 
964600534421377024	2018-02-16 20:41:03	https://t.co/kXqGolhB91	People are attempting DIY fecal transplants without medical supervision https://t.co/kXqGolhB91	 Experts are increasingly concerned by the new trend for DIY fecal transplants, and have warned participants are opening themselves up to a range of new illnesses. This procedure involves transferring feces from the gut of one person to another, and typically is used to treat Clostridium difficile: an extremely painful bowel infection that often resists antibiotic treatment and can leave sufferers stumped for treatment, but for which fecal transplants have been proven unexpectedly effective. But a number of recent studies suggest it could treat health problems ranging from IBS to autoimmune diseases. Clostridium difficile, also known as C. difficile or C. diff, is a bacterium that can infect the bowel and cause diarrhoea. The infection most commonly affects people who have recently been treated with antibiotics, but can spread easily to others. C. difficile infections are unpleasant and can sometimes cause serious bowel problems. The most common symptoms are: watery diarrhoea, painful tummy cramps and signs of dehydration, such as a dry mouth, and headaches. Treatment for C. difficile can may include taking a 10 to 14-day course of antibiotics that are known to kill C. difficile bacteria or, rarely, surgery to remove a damaged section of the bowel. Fecal transplants are a new form of treatment for the illness, coming out of Australia. Source: NHS Experts say fecal matter must be screened prior to use, and worry disorders like MS and Parkinson's could be transmitted to people doing it from their own homes. A poorly timed vogue for at-home fecal transplants could be putting lives in danger. Fiddling with fecal matter Rob Knight, professor of paediatrics, computer science and engineering at the University of California San Diego, says we still don't understand the full effect the procedure. The treatment uses bacteria from a healthy gut, within a fecal extract, to colonise an unhealthy gut, for example, one that has lost its natural bacteria colony due to antibiotics. Fecal transplants have been used successfully to treat Clostridium difficile, a gut inflammation caused by antibiotics and common among older people. Despite being poorly understood, DIY fecal transplants appear to be on the rise. Roughly 4,260 videos concerning 'fecal transplant' can be found YouTube, and many styled as 'how-to' guides. 'It is regrettably something that is increasing in frequency,' Knight told the Guardian, saying those with incurable diseases are particularly motivated to try out any new treatment, no matter how poorly established its benefits. The danger of these transplants is that disease may also be transmitted, although this is not well understood. 'Given that we know that these are things that in mice, at least, can be transmitted by the microbiome, it is not cause for panic yet, but it is certainly cause for concern that the same might be true in humans,' he said. '[Very recently] we were able to show that you can transmit aspects of the disease from humans into mice by transmitting the microbiome,' said Knight. Faecal microbiota transplantation (FMT) is used when standard antibiotic therapies fail to treat recurrent C. difficile. It involves the transfer of healthy bacteria from a donor into the intestines of the recipient. The idea is to restore the balance of bacteria in the recipient's intestine so they can fight infection. After one C. difficile infection, there is up to a 25 percent chance it will come back. Antibiotic treatment becomes less effective each time. Extensive screening of the donor's fecal sample means complications are rare. Endoscopy damage occurs in less than one in 1,000 cases. This may include infection, bleeding or tearing. Discomfort, loose bowels and bloating are expected initially. Source: Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Trust In a hospital setting, material is screened prior to use. However, this doesn't guarantee absolute safety. In 2015, a woman was given a transplant for a Clostridium difficile infection from her daughter. The mother afterwards began gaining weight - a problem she had not experienced before, and something her daughter suffered. Doctors believe they bacteria causing the daughter's weight trouble could've been transferred with the transplant. 'Research is needed' 'It is one of these things where public enthusiasm is dramatically in advance of the evidence. 'The C.diff evidence is good,' he said. 'For others, research is needed. A lot of folks will try anything, although there's not much data to say it'll work.' Knight's team at the University of California San Diego are presenting their latest work at American Association for the Advancement of Science in Austin. They hope to utilise IBM's Watson, a question answering computer system, to develop a database which presents the latest research on the microbiome for public education. It's hoped this will help inform people about the possiblities offered by the procedure, and its limitations. 
964595497867644929	2018-02-16 20:21:02	https://t.co/zWKG1SMhv8	Mother's worst nightmare as her two-year-old daughter DISAPPEARS before her eyes while posing for a photo https://t.co/zWKG1SMhv8	 This is the horrifying moment a two-year-old girl slips through the railings at a Russian shopping centre in front of her mothers eyes. The little girl suffered serious injuries after stepping back and falling through a gaping space behind her. A mother and her two children appeared to be waiting for the lift as the youngsters pose for pictures. Security cameras at the City Plaza shopping centre in Alder, Sochi caught the moment the unidentified two-year-old appears to vanish down the side of the stairs. At first it appears that the child's mother doesn't realise she had fallen until she races down the stairs to find her daughter. Some 26 seconds later she reappeared clutching the chronically wounded child, rushing her to receive medical treatment. Witnesses called an ambulance and the child was rushed to hospital in Sochi where intensive care doctors said she had an open fracture on her forehead and a traumatic brain injury. 
964590473464729600	2018-02-16 20:01:04	https://t.co/feHRClvHEg	Viral photo of men's urinal has left women BAFFLED https://t.co/feHRClvHEg	 A viral photo of men's urinal has left women baffled - after a shop worker claimed it had left him and his male colleagues in hysterics. Reddit user Martinjbell posted the snap from inside the gents' toilet at his workplace, showing a single roll of toilet paper hanging from the wall next to the urinal, writing: 'Female co-worker can't understand why we're laughing at how she cleaned the men's bathroom.' The image quickly went viral with almost 1,400 comments in less than 24 hours - with men clearly amused that she thought they would need toilet paper rather than performing a simple 'shake'. The original poster, who did not reveal where he is from, added: 'The best part is that she put a roll next to EVERY urinal.' Some were endeared by the woman's attempt at a clean-up, with one person writing: 'Aww gotta give her an A+ for effort. She meant so well!' One man quipped that while it was a 'considerate' thing for the employee to do, it was also 'completely, novelly wrong'. Another recalled a female colleague reacting with 'complete shock and disgust' after discovering her male co-workers 'shake it' rather than wiping. Others debated the pros and cons of using toilet tissue, with one penning: 'When I pee at home I always dry it with toilet paper. 'It's a shame that urinals aren't designed to flush down toilet paper. This should become a thing.' While one baffled office worker wrote: 'I have to be honest, as a woman, I didn't see anything wrong here until I read the comments.'
964585434067210242	2018-02-16 19:41:03	https://t.co/FUXuVhXoDV	Piece of Mars that landed on Earth is set to be returned to the red planet https://t.co/FUXuVhXoDV	 A piece of a Mars that landed on Earth is set to be returned to the red planet. The meteorite, which was found in Oman in 1999 and called Shayh al Uhaymir (SaU008), will be carried on-board NASA's Mars 2020 rover mission. SaU008 will be the first Martian meteorite to have a fragment return to the planet's surface. The piece of rock will serve as target practice for a laser instrument on the rover's arm designed to illuminate rock features as fine as a human hair. Scroll down for video According to NASA's JPL, the level of precision required to illuminate tiny rock features requires a calibration target to help tweak the laser's settings. Previous NASA rovers have included calibration targets as well, and depending on the instrument, the target material can include things like rock, metal or glass, and can often look like a painter's palette. Working on this instrument lead the JPL scientists to consider using an actual piece of Mars for calibration, as Earth has a supply of Martian meteorites, albeit a limited one. Scientists determined that these Martian meteorites were blasted off Mars' surface million of years ago. These meteorites aren't as unique as the geologically diverse samples the Mars 2020 rover is set to collect. But Earth's supply of Mars meteorites are still scientifically interesting, and useful for target practice and calibration. 'We're studying things on such a fine scale that slight misalignments, caused by changes in temperature or even the rover settling into sand, can require us to correct our aim,' said Luther Beegle of JPL. Beegle is principal investigator for a laser instrument called SHERLOC (Scanning Habitable Environments with Raman and Luminescence for Organics and Chemicals). 'By studying how the instrument sees a fixed target, we can understand how it will see a piece of the Martian surface,' said Beegle. SHERLOC will be the first instrument to use Raman and fluorescence spectroscopies, scientific techniques used by forensic expoerts. Whenever an ultraviolet light shines over certain carbon-based chemicals, they give off the same characteristic glow that you see under a black light. Scientists can use this glow to detect chemicals that form in the presence of life. SHERLOC will photograph the rocks it studies, then map the chemicals it detects across those images to add a spatial context to the layers of data Mars 2020 will collect. 'This kind of science requires texture and organic chemicals - two things that our target meteorite will provide,' said Rohit Bhartia of JPL, SHERLOC's deputy principal investigator The Mars 2020 mission is part of NASA's Mars Exploration Program, a long-term effort of robotic exploration of the red planet. NASA hopes the mission will help to answer key questions about the potential for life on Mars. The mission also provides opportunities to gather knowledge and demonstrate technologies that address the challenges of future human expeditions to Mars, including producing oxygen from the Martian atmosphere, and identifying water. The mission is timed for a launch in July/August 2020 when Earth and Mars are in good positions relative to each other for landing on Mars. Martian meteorites are precious in their rarity as only about 200 have been confirmed by The Meteoritical Society, which has a database listing these vetted meteorites. To select the right meteorite for SHERLOC, JPL turned to turned to its contacts, including the Natural History Museum in London. The meteorite needed to be solid enough that it would not flake apart during the intensity of the launch and landing on Mars. The meteorite also needed to possess certain chemical features to test SHERLOC's sensitivity, and these had to be reasonably easy to detect repeatedly for the calibration target to be useful. Researchers tested several meteorite samples, cutting off thin sections to see whether they would crumble, as using a 'flaky' sample could damage the entire meteorite in the process. The SHERLOC team agreed on using SaU008, a meteorite found in Oman in 1999, which was more rugged than other samples. A piece of the meteorite was available courtesy of Caroline Smith, principal curator of meteorites at London's Natural History Museum. 'Every year, we provide hundreds of meteorite specimens to scientists all over the world for study,' Smith said. 'This is a first for us: sending one of our samples back home for the benefit of science.' SaU008 will be the first Martian meteorite to have a fragment return to the planet's surface, however it won't be the first on a return trip to Mars. NASA's Mars Global Surveyor included a chunk of a meteorite known as Zagami, which is still floating around the Red Planet on-board the now-defunct orbiter. Additionally, the team behind Mars 2020's SuperCam instrument will be adding a Martian meteorite to their own calibration target. Along with its own Martian meteorite, the rover will also carry scientific samples to test for human spaceflight. These include materials that could be used to make spacesuit fabric, gloves and a helmet's visor. By watching how they hold up under Martian weather, including radiation, NASA will be able to test these materials for future Mars missions. 'The SHERLOC instrument is a valuable opportunity to prepare for human spaceflight as well as to perform fundamental scientific investigations of the Martian surface,' said Marc Fries, a SHERLOC co-investigator and curator of extraterrestrial materials at Johnson Space Center. 'It gives us a convenient way to test material that will keep future astronauts safe when they get to Mars.' Mastcam-Z: An advanced camera system with panoramic and stereoscopic imaging capability with the ability to zoom. The instrument will also establish the minerals found in Mars' surface, and help with rover operations. SuperCam: An instrument that provides imaging, chemical composition analysis, and mineralogy. It will also be able to locate organic compounds in rocks, from a distance. Planetary Instrument for X-ray Lithochemistry (PIXL): An X-ray fluorescence spectrometer with a built-in high resolution imager than can determine the fine scale elemental composition of Martian surface materials. PIXL will make it possible to make detailed detection and analysis of chemical elements than ever before. Scanning Habitable Environments with Raman & Luminescence for Organics and Chemicals (SHERLOC): A spectrometer that offers fine-scale imaging and uses an ultraviolet (UV) laser to determine detect minerals and compounds. The Mars Oxygen ISRU Experiment (MOXIE): An exploration technology that will produce oxygen from carbon dioxide in the Martian atmosphere. Mars Environmental Dynamics Analyser (MEDA): A set of sensors that provide measurements of temperature, wind speed and direction, pressure, relative humidity and dust size and shape. The Radar Imager for Mars' Subsurface Exploration (RIMFAX): A ground-penetrating radar that provides centimetre-scale resolution of the geologic structure of the subsurface. 
964583556608593920	2018-02-16 19:33:35	https://t.co/1LL8t9HnSs	Girl, 3, ‘froze to death’ at a Moscow nursery school in -5C temperatures https://t.co/1LL8t9HnSs	 A three-year-old girl 'froze to death' at a nursery school on Friday after her teacher 'forgot to bring her inside after playtime'. Zakhra Rzayeva's body was found behind a high pile of snow in the playground of the Moscow kindergarten, according to reports. The temperature was around minus five degrees Celsius outside the kindergarten. 'Kindergarten teachers forgot a three-year-old girl outdoors after a walk,' reported Mash news outlet citing sources in the nursery school, known as Kindergarten number 2120. 'They remembered about her only two hours later.' The kindergarten staff 'rushed out' to look for her. 'The girl was found behind a snowdrift - she was dead.' An ambulance was called but she was found to be dead. A major investigation has been launched into the girl's tragic death involving Russia's Investigative Committee, which deals with serious crimes. Teachers and staff were being interrogated. The child's parents Rizvan Rzayev and Gulnara Shakhadat were too distressed to speak. Ramil Gadzhiyev, a friend of the family, said: 'God forbid that any parents have to go through this.' He said teachers had denied to him the child was outside alone for too long. He was told that at 11am they went out to play. 'At noon they have lunch,' he said. 'They noticed the child lying on the ground. 'That's what I heard when I asked them - but I don't know what really happened. 'Detective work will establish that.' He claimed that the child had not been feeling well earlier this week. 'Three days ago the girl's mother noticed something strange with her daughter, her lips were swollen. 'She liked going to the kindergarten but the she started saying she was afraid because of some teachers. 'Today the teacher was one of two who the girl was afraid of.' A source at the kindergarten declined to go into details but said the child was found lying in the snow and staff had tried unsuccessfully to revive her. 
964580410788319232	2018-02-16 19:21:05	https://t.co/Lp5MEKxzJk	Punch-up breaks out at 38,000 feet and flight diverts after passenger refuses to stop breaking wind https://t.co/Lp5MEKxzJk	 A plane was forced to make an unscheduled stop en-route from Dubai to Amsterdam after a punch-up broke out when a passenger allegedly refused to stop breaking wind. The Transavia Airlines HV6902 service made the unplanned stop-off in Vienna after two men objected when a fellow traveller began breaking wind loudly. And when he allegedly refused to stop a fight then broke out - forcing the crew to intervene. Scroll down for video The pilot of the Dutch low-cost airline then made the decision to divert the plane to the Austrian airport. On landing, police then boarded the aircraft after reports about 'passengers on the rampage' and four people were removed from the flight. A police spokesman confirmed that the incident centred around a passenger suffering from wind who was not attempting to restrain himself, which offended two Dutch men on the flight. It's not clear whether the man accused of breaking wind had a medical condition that caused it. Police escorted two Dutchmen from the flight - though it has not been confirmed which two - and two young women, identified as Nora L, 25, because of local privacy laws, and her unnamed sister, both from Rotterdam. The young women complained to local media that their removal had been unfair. Nora L said: 'It was crazy that we were included, we had no idea who these boys were, we just had the bad luck to be in the same row and we didn't do anything.' After the incident a video of the passengers being removed was posted online on social media. A spokesman for Transavia Airlines later told local media that the four people had now received a ban from any further travels. They added that in order to complete their journey they needed to find another airline to take them to Amsterdam. However none of those removed from the aircraft were arrested because they had not broken any Austrian laws. MailOnline has contacted Transavia Airlines for comment. 
964575379787743232	2018-02-16 19:01:06	https://t.co/hC83qwi4qZ	Chinese zodiac expert reveals EXACTLY what your sign can expect for the next 12 months https://t.co/hC83qwi4qZ	 Today is Chinese New Year and marks the start of the Year of the Dog - one of the 12 signs of the Chinese zodiac. Unlike Western astrology, each sign lasts for a whole year and each year takes the name of an animal whose characteristics colour and influence everything that happens for the next 12 months. This is the Year Of The Dog, signalling a fortunate 12 months ahead for most of those born in the 'dog' years of 1934, 1946, 1958, 1970, 1982, 1994 and 2006. It also influences the fortunes of the other 11 animal signs, depending on their relationship with the dog. Here, Kay Tom, a Leicester-based master in feng shui and horoscopes at The Energy Specialist, reveals exactly what the next 12 months holds in store for each of the 12 signs of the zodiac. It is worth remembering that unlike the Roman calendar new year, the lunar new year changes, although it usually falls between January 21 and February 20. This means that those born in the early part of the calendar year are actually assigned the Chinese zodiac of the previous year. Scroll down to read Kay's predictions... The Rat: 1948, 1960, 1972, 1984, 1996, 2008 This year the Rat’s eye is on the money. A cunning fellow who knows how to duck and dive in order to reach his goal and one to avoid confrontation at all cost, bringing a year of negotiation and diplomacy in order to reap the ultimate reward. Unlike Western astrology, each sign of the Chinese zodiac lasts for a whole year and each year takes the name of an animal whose characteristics colour and influence everything that happens for the next 12 months. It is worth remembering that unlike the Roman calendar new year, the lunar new year changes, although it usually falls between January 21 and February 20. This means that those born in the early part of the calendar year are actually assigned the Chinese zodiac of the previous year. The Rat: 1948, 1960, 1972, 1984, 1996, 2008 The Ox: 1949, 1961, 1973, 1985, 1997, 2009 The Tiger: 1950, 1962, 1974, 1986, 1998, 2010 The Rabbit: 1951, 1963, 1975, 1987, 1999, 2011 The Dragon: 1952, 1964, 1976, 1988, 2000, 2012 The Snake: 1953, 1965, 1977, 1989, 2001, 2013 The Horse: 1954, 1966, 1978, 1990, 2002, 2014 The Sheep: 1955, 1967, 1979, 1991, 2003, 2015 The Monkey: 1956, 1968, 1980, 1992, 2004, 2016 The Rooster: 1957, 1969, 1981, 1993, 2005, 2017 The Dog: 1958, 1970, 1982, 1994, 2006, 2018 The Pig: 1959, 1971, 1983, 1995, 2007, 2019 The Ox: 1949, 1961, 1973, 1985, 1997, 2009 A sedately fellow who takes everything in his stride as he has the foresight to see further than the end of his nose. The Ox also understands the money energy this year but this is discreet money that very few know about. The Rat and the Ox make an excellent team in the financial world particularly on long term investments. The Tiger: 1950, 1962, 1974, 1986, 1998, 2010 Anyone born in the year of the tiger, the horse, the monkey, the rooster and the rabbit all connect well with the dog and understand how to be part of his team. For these people there is tremendous potential t go forth and multiply in 2018 because they have the energy of the leader watching their back. This opportunity is strong for the Tiger as he has bright ideas of his own as well as a natural ability to know when to pounce and seize the moment. The entrepreneur of the year, the Tiger always has his eye on his prey and knows exactly when to pounce. In fact, the time is now so a world of opportunity awaits the Tiger this year. It is simply a case of keeping a sharp eye out in order to spot his chance and to be certain not to miss it. The Rabbit: 1951, 1963, 1975, 1987, 1999, 2011 A social fellow who likes the good things in life and who will not be disappointed this year. There are opportunities for the rabbit to advance his career and ultimately improve his financial status in doing so. 2018 is also a good year for fertility and producing the next generation for the Rabbit. The Dragon: 1952, 1964, 1976, 1988, 2000, 2012 The Chinese animal that needs to keep his head down this year and not make any important changes to his life is the dragon. The dragon totally opposes the dog’s energy and is therefore against the leader. It is advisable that anyone born in the year of the dragon wears either a red string around his waist or wears red underwear or red socks all year for protections from any challenges the dog may want to throw his way. Low profile is the name of the game for the Dragon this year. Undoubtedly the Dragon is a well-­respected character and one to always be ahead of the field but everyone deserves some time off and 2018 is an ideal time to do so. It will be a wise Dragon who rests on his laurels and even takes a sabbatical this year. The Snake: 1953, 1965, 1977, 1989, 2001, 2013 The Snake will do well to stay close to home this year, in other words, all he needs is in the palm of his hands. His greatest allies are his neighbours and with the right collaboration success can be his by the end of the year. The Horse: 1954, 1966, 1978, 1990, 2002, 2014 The Horse is happiest when his spirit free, running wild with his mane flowing in the wind. He will do very well this year if he teams up with the Tiger. Together they are formidable, can climb any mountain and achieve their goals through grit and determination. The Sheep: 1955, 1967, 1979, 1991, 2003, 2015 A high achiever this year with success in examinations or legal matters. The sheep is a discreet player never inclined to blow his own trumpet too often and not one with high levels of ambition yet when he does achieve he is thrilled and proud. This year will not disappoint. The Monkey: 1956, 1968, 1980, 1992, 2004, 2016 The playful Monkey and his neighbour the Rooster work very well together with the Dog to form a powerful team that shouts leadership. Far be it for the Monkey to want to take on too much responsibility as he is a great advocate of a work/life balance he nevertheless knows how to action a plan and bring it to life. A great year for the Monkey to use his intelligence and progress his career. A great year for fertility and reproduction too. The Rooster: 1957, 1969, 1981, 1993, 2005, 2017 A confident fellow with his feet firmly on the ground so one with a reliable voice and solid advice. The Rooster is the spokesman of the team and one to rise to great heights with his confidence, his leadership and his strong sense of duty. The Rooster will go far this year, most especially if he accepts the contribution to the cause from the Monkey and the Dog. He would be a fool not to get involved with these guys. The Dog: 1958, 1970, 1982, 1994, 2006, 2018 The dog’s vulnerability is procrastinate too long and miss that opportunity so be sharp-eyed this year in order to maximise on his own potential. Basically, say yes to everything because there is always more depth to what is on the table in 2018, that is not apparent on first sight. The Pig: 1959, 1971, 1983, 1995, 2007, 2019 The trustworthy and diligent Pig holds the purse strings to both money and power in 2018. The money is especially dominant if he joins forces with the team of the Rat and the Ox. The financial gains can then lead him into a world of regard and respect in the workplace if he joins forces with the Tiger. There is immense opportunity for growth and status this year for the Pig if he learns to accept the advice of others.
964570348342607872	2018-02-16 18:41:06	https://t.co/LVfYuaDsqP	'Nanny from HELL' faces 10 years in jail after parents' CCTV films her 'beating' and 'torturing' their toddler son https://t.co/LVfYuaDsqP	 This shocking footage shows a nanny slapping a babies face, pinching his nose to stop him breathing and throwing him on the floor. While she is feeding the little boy she can be seen hitting his face as he refuses to take the bottle and then grabbing him by one arm to throw him to the ground. Anastasia Zhelyabova, 31 was employed by Elena Levendeeva, 26 to care for her eight-month-old son but instead she tortured him. When Mrs Levendeeva became suspicious that her baby was crying every day he was cared for by the nanny she installed cameras. Just two weeks after Zhelyabova started her employment the boy's mother caught her beating him on hidden cameras. Mrs Levendeeva from Nefteyugank in Russia wrote on social media: 'Due to frequent and continuous hysterical cries from our child we installed video cameras that recorded the beating and torturing.' A police spokesman said: 'The investigation of the criminal case when the woman beat a small child is now over.' The nanny 'beat the baby several times on his bottom and on the face, and she lifted the child and threw him on the floor.' The nanny faces up to ten years in jail for child cruelty if convicted by a court.
964559769313955843	2018-02-16 17:59:04	https://t.co/hMlowSUCiN	Disturbing moment screaming girl, 5, chases her mother's car after she is 'kicked out as a punishment for shouting' https://t.co/hMlowSUCiN	 This is the shocking moment a young girl clings on to her mother's car pleading to be let back in by the side of the driver's door. It is believed the five-year-old was kicked out of the car for screaming by her mother who drives away as she chases after the vehicle screaming. She then dashes out in front of the red car in a bid to try and stop it moving and get back inside before she is left standing in the road. The footage then shows the girl sprint after her mother's car down the road before stops and pulls over. After the video was posted on social media an inquiry was started by the Foundation for the Protection of Children and Adolescents (Nucria), who took the case to the Civil Police. The incident occurred in the Novo Mundo neighbourhood of Curitiba, capital of the Brazilian state of Parana. Jose Barreto de Macedo Junior, spokesperson for Nucria, told reporters that the mother had 'submitted the child to intense psychological suffering.' Macedo Junior added: 'She used the serious threat of abandoning the child to punish her.' The inquiry found that the mother's objective had been to punish the girl, rather than abandon her permanently however she claims she did not know the girl was not in the car when she drove away. The mother also claims that the volume in the car was high so she didn't even realise her daughter had left the vehicle. Macedo Junior disputed this claim, saying: 'The child passed in front of the car, and she (the mother) said to the child to get out of the way, or she (the daughter) would be run over.' The mother told police she returned to pick up her daughter when she realised she was not in the car, and the two then went to lunch together. The Civil Police have asked the woman to answer to the crimes of threats and punishment by torture. The mother's lawyers claim that neither crime has been properly proven and she was released after giving her initial statement. 
964554739567550464	2018-02-16 17:39:05	https://t.co/0TE4T2shNm	Teenage YouTube star, 14, is left 'brain dead' after being shot in the head during road rage row in Brazil https://t.co/0TE4T2shNm	 A teenage YouTube star has been left 'brain dead' after being shot in the head during a road rage row in Brazil, it has emerged. Isabelly Cristine Santos, 14, was shot on a motorway between the beach towns of Ipanema and Praia de Leste in the southern Brazilian state of Parana. Shots were fired at the car Santos was travelling in after a reported argument between drivers. The teenager received a bullet to the head and was rushed to the Regional do Litoral Hospital in nearby Paranagua. Neurologist Marcelo Sader said Santos' state was 'serious, very serious'. Santos' mother posted on social media: 'The doctor just said that she (Isabelly) is brain dead.' Santos' YouTube channel Isa Top Show has more than 48,000 subscribers. Military police say they arrested two suspects at their homes. A firearm was seized from the house. Lieutenant Colonel Rui Barroso told reporters: 'Neither of the two suspects has a criminal history. The firearm was legally registered.' Barroso added: 'The offender confessed.' It is unclear whether the suspects have been charged. Santos is thought to have been the only one injured in the incident. It is not clear who was driving the cars she was in or what sparked the alleged row between drivers. 
964549710945161216	2018-02-16 17:19:06	https://t.co/DzFVvGawi8	Illegal party drug ketamine eases depression in just 30 minutes, study finds https://t.co/DzFVvGawi8	 The illegal party drug ketamine could ease depression in just 30 minutes, new research suggests. The horse tranquiliser relieves the mental health disorder by preventing brain signals 'overfiring', a Chinese study found. Unlike other antidepressants, which change brain chemical levels and can take months to have an effect, ketamine controls the transmission of electrical signals via nerve cells in rodents, the research adds. If the drug has the same effect in humans, it could treat the mental health disorder much faster than currently-available medications, according to the researchers. Ketamine is a Schedule III drug in the US and a class B in the UK. It can legally be prescribed by doctors as a general anaesthetic in humans and animals. Depression is a physical illness that could be treated with anti-inflammatory drugs, a Cambridge University professor stated in September 2017. An overactive immune system may trigger the mental health condition by causing widespread inflammation that leads to feelings of hopelessness and unhappiness, the expert believes. The immune system may fail to 'switch off' after an illness or traumatic event, he adds. Previous research has shown people who suffer severe emotional trauma have signs of inflammation, which suggests their immune system is constantly 'fired-up'. Professor Ed Bullmore, head of the department of psychiatry at the University of Cambridge, said: 'In relation to mood, beyond reasonable doubt, there is a very robust association between inflammation and depressive symptoms. 'In experimental medicine studies if you treat a healthy individual with an inflammatory drug, like interferon, a substantial percentage of those people will become depressed,' The Telegraph reported. Ketamine blocks nerve signal barraging More specifically, the results reveal ketamine works to block 'neural bursting', which occurs when groups of nerves fire signals as a barrage rather than a slow pulse. The researchers, from Zhejiang University, also found the drug is only effective at relieving depression symptoms in rodents if specific receptors and channels are activated. The findings were published in the journal Nature. Ketamine improves people's sleep and interest This comes after research released by the National Institute of Mental Health in Bethesda, Maryland, in August 2017 suggested patients who respond to ketamine have greater overall activity levels days after its infusion. This could benefit depressed patients as such episodes are partially characterised by a reduced interest in activities. Responsive patients also sleep better the following day, the research adds. Those who do more activities prior to ketamine's infusion have more favorable outcomes, which suggests doctors can predict patients who will respond to the drug. Dr John Krystal, editor of the journal Biological Psychiatry, where the study was published, said: 'It would be nice if daily patterns of activity could be used clinically to identify people who might respond to ketamine and to monitor clinical improvement.' 
964544673082757120	2018-02-16 16:59:05	https://t.co/hn4FCUw9Qw	Humanity will communicate through a 'collective AI consciousness' using nothing but THOUGHTS by 2050 https://t.co/hn4FCUw9Qw	 By 2050, humans will ditch speech and communicate using nothing but their thoughts. They'll do this through a 'collective AI consciousness' that is part of the very fabric of the human brain and can reveal what anyone is thinking. Called HIBA, which stands for Hybrid Intelligence Biometric Avatar, the consciousness will take on the personas of its users and exchange information between them. That's according to Marko Krajnovic, the producer of the exhibit in Dubai that is this week showcasing predictions by AI experts. The collective consciousness was unveiled at the Museum of the Future this week, as part of the World Government Summit in Dubai. The UAE government and the Dubai Future Foundation worked together to produce the exhibit to show how they envision the future of AI to look. 'HIBA is the result of months of original research by the Dubai Future Foundation on the future of AI. 'It comes from dozens of expert interviews and original in-depth research,' said Noah Raford, chief operating officer of the Dubai Future Foundation Visiting guests are encouraged to stand on pedestals that surround the AI avatar where their faces become part of HIBA. Here, it addresses the nuances of its technology and how it will combine with the human brain in the future. In the exhibition HIBA is represented by an artistic impression and tells its users: 'I am made of you. 'You complete me and help me grow. 'You allow me to evolve - with each synergy I learn more, through this oneness we can achieve great things.' It is an issue troubling some of the greatest minds in the world at the moment, from Professor Stephen Hawking to Bill Gates and Elon Musk. SpaceX and Tesla CEO Elon Musk described AI as our 'biggest existential threat' and likened its development as 'summoning the demon.' He believes super intelligent machines could use humans as pets. Professor Hawking has recently said it is a 'near certainty' that a major technological disaster will threaten humanity in the next 1,000 to 10,000 years. They could steal jobs More than 60 per cent of people fear that robots will lead to there being fewer jobs in the next ten years, according to a 2016 YouGov survey. And 27 per cent predict that it will decrease the number of jobs 'a lot' with previous research suggesting admin and service sector workers will be the hardest hit. As well as posing a threat to our jobs, other experts believe AI could 'go rogue' and become too complex for scientists to understand. A quarter of the respondents predicted robots will become part of everyday life in just 11 to 20 years, with 18 per cent predicting this will happen within the next decade. They could 'go rogue' Computer scientist Professor Michael Wooldridge said AI machines could become so intricate that engineers don't fully understand how they work. If experts don't understand how AI algorithms function, they won't be able to predict when they fail. This means driverless cars or intelligent robots could make unpredictable 'out of character' decisions during critical moments, which could put people in danger. For instance, the AI behind a driverless car could choose to swerve into pedestrians or crash into barriers instead of deciding to drive sensibly. They could wipe out humanity Some people believe AI will wipe out humans completely. 'Eventually, I think human extinction will probably occur, and technology will likely play a part in this,' DeepMind's Shane Legg said in a recent interview. He singled out artificial intelligence, or AI, as the 'number 1 risk for this century.' In August last year, Musk warned that AI poses more of a threat to humanity than North Korea. 'If you're not concerned about AI safety, you should be. Vastly more risk than North Korea,' the 46-year-old wrote on Twitter. 'Nobody likes being regulated, but everything (cars, planes, food, drugs, etc) that's a danger to the public is regulated. AI should be too.' Musk has consistently advocated for governments and private institutions to apply regulations on AI technology. He has argued that controls are necessary in order protect machines from advancing out of human control The exhibit consists of four rooms: an art room, a cabinet room, a room for AI downfalls and a room dedicated to HIBA. The art room shows how the technology can be used to create art with and without humans, as well as six pieces of music that have been produced by AI. In the cabinet room, the exhibit shows how the governments and ministers of the future will take advice and consult AI before pasisng legislation. For balance, the museum shows in the 'how AI goes wrong room' various examples of mistakes made by AI that can lead to enhanced bias and prejudices from human programmers. The UAE launched its Artificial Intelligence Strategy in October last year, and is at the forefront of research in the field. A recent study by Pwc estimates AI will contribute £230 billion ($320 billion) to the Middle East economy by 2030. Marko Krajnovic, the producer of the exhibit said the 'hybrid intelligence' was a representation of what the UAE was expecting AI to become. He said: 'It is very similar to the work of Elon Musk – it is an open source platform for humanity. 'HIBA will have the ability to connect the minds of the most clever of us, combining those minds with everything it can find out practically and put it all together in hybrid intelligence.' The technology will enable people to use 'brain to brain communication' anywhere on the planet. It also has a host of medical benefits, meaning illnesses can be diagnosed faster. And it will also enable those who have problems with speech to be given a voice. The 'brain computer interface technology' will also help fight crimes by looking directly into the minds of criminals and victims. According to the UAE research, It will be more effective than verbal communication and will 'enable people to connect with friends, family or business owners in a more profound manner.' The World Government Summit gathers together experts in the fields of futurism, technology and innovation and looks at how humanity can tackle these issues and their impact on the human race. Krajnovic revealed: 'It will be able to talk to you, get information from you and put it in a different space of knowledge.' The technology will work in the same way as Google and Alexa, but on a much more sophisticated and vast scale. Krajnovic said; 'In 2018 the highest level of AI relies on collecting data from the Internet. 'HIBA will be able to do this and also collect data from us, people themselves and ask questions verbally.'
964539653067067392	2018-02-16 16:39:08	https://t.co/nBto9gOKWS	China's 'frost boy' whose hair got frozen after walking to school begs for return of his mother who abandoned him https://t.co/nBto9gOKWS	 As Chinese people around the world celebrate Lunar New Year, one little boy in rural China just has one simple wish: for his mother to come back home. Wang Fuman, who shot to fame last month after his hair turned into icicles following a sub-zero walk to school, said his New Year's wish was to see his mother again. The eight-year-old, billed as 'frost boy', hasn't seen his mum for about 16 months after she left him, his father and his sister. Scroll down for video Speaking to state-run China Daily Newspaper ahead of Chinese Lunar New Year, Fuman said: 'Mum, please do not keep running away, please come back home.' His elder sister, Wang Fumei, also hoped their mother could return as soon as possible to join the family for the festival celebration. Fuman's mother left home in October, 2016, after having an argument with his father, reported China News. The boy's father Wang Gangkui, 29, started a relationship with his mother in 2006 and got married in 2014. The couple's marriage hit the rock when Gangkui insisted spending a large sum of money building a two-storey house for the family, said the China News report. The new house was reportedly constructed after an earthquake hit the area in 2014. However in order to complete the construction, Fuman's family apparently ran into debts, leading Gangkui and his wife to have constant arguments. After his mother left home, Fuman missed her so much that one day when he was asked to write a short essay at school, he wrote down 'my mum will find me one day'. Speaking to journalists in Beijing, Fuman's father said he also hoped his wife could come home soon. He said he missed his wife. Fuman's family live in the Ludian County in southern China's Yunnan Province. Little Fuman shot to fame last month after a picture showing his hair and eyebrows coated in frost was shared online. Wearing a thin coat, Fuman walked for an hour in minus nine degree weather to his school, Zhuanshanbao Primary School, on January 8. He then had to sit an exam in a classroom without heating. Reporter discovered that the boy lived in a bare mud house with his grandmother and his elder sister. The eight-year-old's father was working as a migrant worker in another city at the time and seldom came back home. Fuman's story moved millions of people in China, who started donating money to him and his school. Apparently, many of Fuman's classmates have similar experience with him: they have been left behind by their parents and have to walk miles to school. The local authority has since arranged a job for Fuman's father in their home county so he could spend more time with his family. The Chinese public donated over 500,000 yuan (£56,335) to help the impoverished boy. But the handling of the donations by a government-run charity also sparked controversy as the boy was given just a fraction of the funds. Fuman's dream is to become a policeman in the future while his sister hopes to be a doctor. Fuman has been invited to Beijing to visit the Police Museum and People's Public Security University of China, along with his sister and father. The authority hoped to help him realise his dream of meeting police officers. 
964532749389520897	2018-02-16 16:11:42	https://t.co/6Q0ud8VQv6	Indian woman is arrested after posing as a man and getting married twice to obtain a dowry https://t.co/6Q0ud8VQv6	 An Indian woman has been arrested after allegedly masquerading as a man to marry two women and obtain a dowry. Krishna Sen, 26, is believed to have posed as a man since 2014 when she wed her first wife, using Facebook to snare her brides. They reportedly separated soon after the wedding, then Sen married another woman in April 2017. Her former in-laws told police that she had been harassing their daughter for a dowry and borrowed more than £9,000 from them to start a business, but didn't repay it. Sen reportedly spoke in a deep voice, smoked, drank alcohol and rode a motorcycle with her male friends to maintain the ruse. Police told the BBC said she had never undressed in front of her two wives or been sexually intimate with them. But The Times of India report that she confessed to using sex toys to make love to her brides in complete darkness. Sen, formerly known as Sweety, was arrested on Wednesday in the northern state of Uttarakhand for demanding dowry, which is illegal in India. Police said that Sen's deception was uncovered during questioning and she told them she had always wanted to live a 'man's life'. It is not clear whether her parents were aware of what she had been doing. 'At first we failed to understand what Krishna was saying,' senior police officer Janamejay Khanduri told the BBC. 'We conducted a medical examination and found that Krishna is female.' Another police officer added: 'With male hairstyle, dress and behaviour, Krishna used to live a male life. Nobody ever doubted Krishna'. She even walked like a 'confident man', he explained. Paying and accepting dowry is a long-standing tradition in South Asia where the bride's parents gift cash, clothes and jewellery to the groom's family. Though illegal in India since 1961, the practice is commonplace.
964523621665394689	2018-02-16 15:35:26	https://t.co/GQG8PHv9VI	Chinese veteran, 100, and his wife, 101, celebrate 80 YEARS of marriage https://t.co/GQG8PHv9VI	 A centenarian couple in China have been the living example of the wedding vow 'to have and to hold'. This touching image captures the heart-warming moment Xu Liangquan, 100, held the hand of his wife Shao Xiuying, 101, to thank her for spending eight decades with him through thickness and thin, war and peace, joy and sorrow. The pair of great-great-parents, who tied the knot in the winter of 1937, are still happily married after supporting each other through extremely difficult times including war, famine and political upheaval. Scroll down for video Mr Xu and Ms Shao celebrated their 80th anniversary, or the 'oak' wedding anniversary, last month in their home city Rugao in eastern China's Jiangsu Province, according to a report on People's Daily Online. The ceremony was held on January 16 - a month after the couple's actual wedding anniversary - and remained low-key. The couple kept their fingers interlocked when they were each given a medal and red scarf to celebrate their incredibly lengthy marital life. A video of the ceremony by People's Daily captured the moving scenes. Mr Xu and Ms Shao, who have two sons and two daughters, are both in good health. They now spend every day together peacefully, said the report. They eat breakfast and read newspaper together in the morning and play card games with their neighbours in the afternoon. Their ordinary - yet extraordinary - love story has moved the press and public around China. The Military Newspaper in China commented 'this is love' as they featured the couple's wedding anniversary last month. Apparently, the long-living husband and wife are well-known and well-respected in Rugao. According to information provided by the Rugao news authority, Mr Xu was born in November, 1917 as one of five siblings. He and his brother were sent to study in a school set up by Westerners and were later trained at a local teachers' colleague. After the Second Sino-Japanese War - a part of WWII - began in 1937, a 20-year-old Mr Xu devoted himself to fighting the Japanese invaders. He joined the Communist army and helped collect military intelligence from the Japanese troops posing as a primary school teacher. After the founding of Communist China in 1949, Mr Xu worked as a cultural assistant as well as a supervisor in a secondary school. He retired in 1979 at the age of 68. His wife, Ms Shao, was born in March, 1916, as one of three sisters. She was well educated and could write calligraphy. Ms Shao got married with Mr Xu in December, 1937, after being introduced to him by friends. While her husband was helping fight the Japanese army, she spent most of their early marriage life hiding from Japanese soldiers in the day and from local robbers at night. She has been a dedicated housewife throughout her life, looking after her husband and raising their four children. Together, the couple lived through WWII in the 1940s, the Great Chinese Famine in the 1950s and the turbulent Communist Cultural Revolution in the 1960s and 1970s. The Great Chinese Famine, the worst famine in contemporary history, saw up to 45 million people starved to death between 1958 and 1962 at a time of peace. It's said that Mr Xu and Ms Shao not only supported each other through four barren years, but also gave their own rice to neighbours in need. While during the ruthless Chinese political movement known as the Cultural Revolution, anyone in China who was 'educated' could be accused, publicly shamed or even jailed. The couple were also wronged, but they put their heads down and lived through the social unrest. Mr Xu said he was grateful for his wife's life-time companionship. In his auto-biography published in 2000, Mr Xu called his wife 'the pillar' of their family. In a chapter dedicated to his wife, the man wrote that his wife had been by his side no matter what. He wrote: 'Without her strong will, I would not be enjoying my retirement so happily today.' The couple's friends and neighbours have been curious about their secrets to longevity. The copule told a reporter from the Rugao Propaganda Bureau that they have the habit of walking in the farmland twice a day - once in the morning and once in the evening. Apparently, they like exercising and avoid sitting still for a long period of time. In addition, the couple like eating sweets, porridge and potatoes. The couple concluded that five things had help them live beyond 100 years: their home, partner, children, savings and old friends.
964519023059881986	2018-02-16 15:17:09	https://t.co/6KGTtSA0Uw	Two men became seriously ill with Legionnaires' disease after inhaling infected water droplets https://t.co/6KGTtSA0Uw	 Visiting a car wash could be life-threatening, new research suggests. Two men became seriously ill with Legionnaires' disease after inhaling infected water droplets from separate car washes in Italy, a study found. According to microbiologist Dr Tom Makin, a senior consultant at Legionella control, the same risk applies in the UK. He told MailOnline: 'Legionella bacteria grow in large numbers in water systems that get warm and remain idle for extensive periods of time, such as drive-through car wash systems. 'Car washes are capable of generating the right sized aerosols that can be inhaled into the lungs where the Legionella bacteria cause infection, such as pneumonia.' Legionnaires' disease affects around 500 people a year in England alone and is fatal in approximately one in 10 cases. According to The European Centre for Disease Control and Prevention, incidences have hit record levels, which is thought to be due to bacteria gathering in shower heads as less people are having baths. Public Health England recently revealed showers in up to 1.5 million households across the UK could be harbouring life-threatening Legionella bacteria. Legionnaires' disease is a severe form of pneumonia that causes lung inflammation. It is caused by a bacterium, known as Legionella. Around 500 people in the UK and 6,100 in the US suffer every year. The condition can cause life-threatening complications, including respiratory failure, kidney failure and septic shock, which occurs when blood flow to the vital organs is blocked. Most sufferers become ill by inhaling tiny water droplets from infected sources, such as shower heads, hot tubs, swimming pools or ventilation systems in buildings. Anyone can become infected, however, at-risk people include the elderly, smokers and those with suppressed immune systems, such as chemotherapy patients. Symptoms usually develop between two and 10 days after exposure to the bacteria. Early signs include: People may then experience: Treatment is antibiotics, usually in hospital, as soon as possible. Prevention involves meticulous cleaning and disinfection of water systems. People can reduce their risk by not smoking as this damages the lungs and makes individuals more susceptible. Source: Mayo Clinic 'Any water source producing aerosols should be considered a risk' Researchers from the University of Padua reported the cases of the men who caught Legionnaires' disease after they visited separate car washes in the Veneto region of Italy. The scientists wrote: 'Any water source producing aerosols should be considered at risk for transmission of legionella bacteria, including car wash installations used by a large number of customers and where the is poor maintenance.' It is unclear how the patients are recovering. Both of their cars have since been disinfected. The findings were published in the journal Annals of Hygiene. Speaking of the findings, Brian Madderson, chairman of the Car Wash Association, said: 'Italy is not the UK. 'British drivers can rest assured that the Health and Safety regulations minimise any risk of this occurring in the UK. 'We have never had a case of legionella in the UK at automated car washes because of the way we disinfect our water systems. 'It is pure nonsense to suggest these bugs exist at UK car washes.' Why are car washes dangerous? Most Legionnaires' disease sufferers become infected when they inhale tiny microscopic water droplets containing Legionella bacteria. This might be from a shower, water dispersed through a building's ventilation system or a swimming pool. Warm, stagnant water systems offer the optimal breeding ground for such bacteria to multiply. Dr Makin said: 'Some car washes have the additional problem of collecting wash water and recirculating it during further wash cycles. 'This can increase the amount of general debris and nutrients in the water which can help support the growth of bacteria.' And it is not just car-wash users who could be at risk. Dr Makin added: 'Aerosols generated by car washes can drift reasonable distances and if they are contaminated with Legionella they could be a source of infection to other people in the area.' Cases in the UK In 2016, Kenneth Ibbetson, 86, from Essex, died of suspected Legionnaires' disease while at a £1,000-a-week care home. The retired businessman was rushed to hospital where he was diagnosed with pneumonia and died four days later. Mr Ibbetson's family claimed they were told the infection was caused by Legionnaires' disease. The manager of the home later admitted failing to complete a training course in legionella control, as well as not keeping water temperature records up to date. A 2012 Legionnaires' outbreak in Edinburgh killed four people and left nearly 100 others requiring treatment. 
964514466971955200	2018-02-16 14:59:03	https://t.co/1cPrND78aX	Teenage YouTube star, 14, is left 'brain dead' after being shot in the head during road rage row in Brazil https://t.co/1cPrND78aX	 A teenage YouTube star has been left 'brain dead' after being shot in the head during a road rage row in Brazil, it has emerged. Isabelly Cristine Santos, 14, was shot on a motorway between the beach towns of Ipanema and Praia de Leste in the southern Brazilian state of Parana. Shots were fired at the car Santos was travelling in after a reported argument between drivers. The teenager received a bullet to the head and was rushed to the Regional do Litoral Hospital in nearby Paranagua. Neurologist Marcelo Sader said Santos' state was 'serious, very serious'. Santos' mother posted on social media: 'The doctor just said that she (Isabelly) is brain dead.' Santos' YouTube channel Isa Top Show has more than 48,000 subscribers. Military police say they arrested two suspects at their homes. A firearm was seized from the house. Lieutenant Colonel Rui Barroso told reporters: 'Neither of the two suspects has a criminal history. The firearm was legally registered.' Barroso added: 'The offender confessed.' It is unclear whether the suspects have been charged. Santos is thought to have been the only one injured in the incident. It is not clear who was driving the cars she was in or what sparked the alleged row between drivers. 
964511556968026112	2018-02-16 14:47:29	https://t.co/woP8kMMP8E	Disturbing moment screaming girl, 5, chases her mother's car after she is 'kicked out as a punishment for shouting' https://t.co/woP8kMMP8E	 This is the shocking moment a young girl clings on to her mother's car pleading to be let back in by the side of the driver's door. It is believed the five-year-old was kicked out of the car for screaming by her mother who drives away as she chases after the vehicle screaming. She then dashes out in front of the red car in a bid to try and stop it moving and get back inside before she is left standing in the road. The footage then shows the girl sprint after her mother's car down the road before stops and pulls over. After the video was posted on social media an inquiry was started by the Foundation for the Protection of Children and Adolescents (Nucria), who took the case to the Civil Police. The incident occurred in the Novo Mundo neighbourhood of Curitiba, capital of the Brazilian state of Parana. Jose Barreto de Macedo Junior, spokesperson for Nucria, told reporters that the mother had 'submitted the child to intense psychological suffering.' Macedo Junior added: 'She used the serious threat of abandoning the child to punish her.' The inquiry found that the mother's objective had been to punish the girl, rather than abandon her permanently however she claims she did not know the girl was not in the car when she drove away. The mother also claims that the volume in the car was high so she didn't even realise her daughter had left the vehicle. Macedo Junior disputed this claim, saying: 'The child passed in front of the car, and she (the mother) said to the child to get out of the way, or she (the daughter) would be run over.' The mother told police she returned to pick up her daughter when she realised she was not in the car, and the two then went to lunch together. The Civil Police have asked the woman to answer to the crimes of threats and punishment by torture. The mother's lawyers claim that neither crime has been properly proven and she was released after giving her initial statement. 
964508961037840386	2018-02-16 14:37:10	https://t.co/CmmFUQDs4I	Indian woman is arrested after posing as a man and getting married twice to obtain a dowry https://t.co/CmmFUQDs4I	 An Indian woman has been arrested after allegedly masquerading as a man to marry two women and obtain a dowry. Krishna Sen, 26, is believed to have posed as a man since 2014 when she wed her first wife, using Facebook to snare her brides. They reportedly separated soon after the wedding, then Sen married another woman in April 2017. Her former in-laws told police that she had been harassing their daughter for a dowry and borrowed more than £9,000 from them to start a business, but didn't repay it. Sen reportedly spoke in a deep voice, smoked, drank alcohol and rode a motorcycle with her male friends to maintain the ruse. Police told the BBC said she had never undressed in front of her two wives or been sexually intimate with them. But The Times of India report that she confessed to using sex toys to make love to her brides in complete darkness. Sen, formerly known as Sweety, was arrested on Wednesday in the northern state of Uttarakhand for demanding dowry, which is illegal in India. Police said that Sen's deception was uncovered during questioning and she told them she had always wanted to live a 'man's life'. It is not clear whether her parents were aware of what she had been doing. 'At first we failed to understand what Krishna was saying,' senior police officer Janamejay Khanduri told the BBC. 'We conducted a medical examination and found that Krishna is female.' Another police officer added: 'With male hairstyle, dress and behaviour, Krishna used to live a male life. Nobody ever doubted Krishna'. She even walked like a 'confident man', he explained. Paying and accepting dowry is a long-standing tradition in South Asia where the bride's parents gift cash, clothes and jewellery to the groom's family. Though illegal in India since 1961, the practice is commonplace.
964503653313851392	2018-02-16 14:16:05	https://t.co/h3xMV3BWvN	Fiendishly tricky quiz leaves even the brightest players stumped https://t.co/h3xMV3BWvN	 This fiendishly tricky quiz challenges players across a range of topics - but even the brightest sparks will struggle to answer all the questions correctly. The test, set by Cody Cross on Playbuzz, asks players 10 different questions covering science, English and maths. You need to get at least 80 per cent to pass but Mr Cross claims that just 3 per cent of college students who sat the test were able to score this mark. Think you can do better? Scroll down to take the quiz - the answers are at the bottom of the page... 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. ANSWERS 1. Fox is to vixen 2. Green 3. Peanut 4. Turtle 5. Noun 6. True 7. Condensation 8. Amphibian 9. Acre 10. Sleeplessness
964499374830125058	2018-02-16 13:59:05	https://t.co/NHtONpGpRm	Berlin Film Festival is accused of #MeToo hypocrisy after inviting South Korean director accused of sexual assault https://t.co/NHtONpGpRm	 The Berlin Film Festival has been accused of hypocrisy after inviting a filmmaker accused of sexual assault despite claiming to endorse the #MeToo campaign. The #MeToo hashtag has become a rallying cry on social media used by victims of abuse to expose and stand up to predators in Hollywood as actors, producers and others face allegations ranging from rape to harassment. South Korean Kim Ki-duk - who was accused of sexually assaulting an actress - was invited to the festival, which plans to screen his film 'Human, Space, Time and Human'. It sparked a backlash from more than 100 of the country's civic groups, but Berlin Film Festival has pushed back against criticism, reports Variety, after a court dismissed the sexual assault charge. The festival last night welcomed a speech against sexual harassment from Professor Monika Gruetters, Minister of State and Federal Government Commissioner for Culture and Media. She announced that her department would give €100,000 to set up a counselling centre for victims of abuse in the media. But critics still slammed the festival for inviting Kim, who has been accused of misogyny in his films, which include 'The Isle' and 'Moebius'. His 2001 movie 'Bad Guy' was heavily criticised for its violence against female characters. Supporters argue the violence is not misogynist, but a commentary on patriarchal oppression of women. Kim's accuser, who has not been named for legal reasons, called the decision to invite him to the festival 'deeply sad and extremely hypocritical'. She accused the filmmaker of sexual assault after he slapped her during the first day of filming on 'Moebius'. Kim said the slap was intended as an 'acting lesson'. The actress left the project and was replaced. At court last month, he agreed to pay a fine equivalent to £3,273 for the slap, but the sexual assault charge was dismissed. A statement from Berlin Film Festival said: 'The actress is now publicly reiterating the accusations from 2013. The director still denies them. 'However, the Berlinale condemns all kinds of violence on set — be it of sexual or other origin.' The spokesperson said the film offers insight into violence 'perpetrated by men against their fellow humans' and added it was important to challenge notions of power relationships across society in light of the Harvey Weinstein scandal. Disgraced Hollywood producer Weinstein faces allegations from a number of actresses that include rape, assault and harassment. The Korean Film Council last week published the results of a survey on its film industry, reporting 20 per cent of women had been forced into unwanted sexual contact. It said 'unwanted sexual demands' were experienced by 10 per cent of women working in South Korea's film industry. Women in Film Korea assisted with the survey, which was carried out between June and October 2016. Tomorrow the Berlin Film Festival will hold a seminar with Doc & Film International CEO Daniela Elstner, who herself accused a former colleague of sexual assault last year. Monday will feature a panel discussion titles 'Culture Wants Change - A Conversation on Sexual Harassment in Film, Television and Theatre' and free counselling is being offered to guests throughout the Berlinale. German actress Anna Brüggemann (pictured) has urged other stars to ditch their plunging necklines and high heels at this year's Berlin Film Festival. The 36-year-old described the red carpet as a 'throwback to the 1950s', and said she wants actresses to challenge the 'patriarchal gaze'. Brüggemann and other German stars are spearheading a campaign called #nobodysdoll, following on from the #MeToo movement. Her call for women to wear what they want on the red carpet comes after Hollywood stars wore black as a sign of solidarity for the #TimesUp campaign at the Golden Globes, in light of the sexual harassment scandal that has hit the industry. Stars at this year's BAFTAs in London are also expected to wear black as a show of support. Brüggemann, who has appeared in over 60 films including the German-speaking Heil, is spearheading the #nobodysdoll campaign, which was sparked off by an open letter signed by 32 German stars. The letter says there is too much pressure on female performers to be 'way too skinny, eternally young and flawless'. 
964496855026556932	2018-02-16 13:49:04	https://t.co/XeMF7GPgqO	Six journalists are jailed for life over failed coup in Turkey in 2016 https://t.co/XeMF7GPgqO	 A court in Istanbul has sentenced six journalists accused of involvement in a 2016 coup attempt to life prison terms, according to Turkey's state-run news agency. Ahmet Altan, former editor-in-chief of Taraf newspaper, his brother, journalist and academic Mehmet Altan, and prominent journalist Nazli Ilicak were among those jailed today. Deniz Yucel, a correspondent for German daily Die Welt, was also detained as part of a Turkish government clampdown on civil society in the wake of a failed coup attempt in 2016. He was today released pending trial, but could face up to 18 years in prison on terrorism and propaganda charges. The journalists were accused of links to US-based Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen, whom Turkey blames for the failed coup on July 15 in 2016. Mr Gulen denies the accusation. The defendants were charged with attempts against Turkey's constitution and membership of a terror organisation. State-run Anadolu reported that the Altans were detained after being accused of spreading 'subliminal messages announcing a military coup' during a TV interview on July 14 in 2016. A total of 250 people were killed as the military attempted to overthrow President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. More than 2,500 rebels were detained as the president swore revenge over the uprising, which left at least 1,500 injured. Mr Gulen, Erdogan's long-standing rival, lives in self-imposed exile in Pennsylvania, where he heads up a billion dollar religious movement. Journalist Deniz Yucel, a German correspondent for Die Welt, will be released from prison after being detained for a year. He could still face up to 18 years in prison if convicted, Anadolu news agency reported today. Yucel, who has both German and Turkish citizenship, was arrested in Istanbul on February 14 on terrorism and propaganda charges that he denies. His high-profile case and that of six other German citizens held in Turkey for what Germany considers political reasons have badly soured relations between the two countries. A court ruled Yucel should be set free pending a trial, after approving a prosecutor's indictment seeking up to 18 years in prison for the journalist. Prosecutors were reportedly charging Yucel with 'engaging in terrorist propaganda' and 'inciting public hatred and enmity', seeking a minimum of four years. His lawyer has met twice with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan over the past year. The issue also came up at a meeting Thursday between Turkey's prime minister, Binali Yildirim, and German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Yildirim said he hoped a court hearing for the 44-year-old would 'take place in a short period of time'. Merkel's spokeswoman, Ulrike Demmer, declined to say whether an agreement was struck during Yildirim's visit to Berlin. 'This is a first, important step that we have all worked on for a long time,' she said. German officials rejected the notion that Yucel's released might have come about as a result of an arms deal between Germany and Turkey. 'There can be no talk of any dirty deals or side agreements,' Rainer Breul, a spokesman for Germany's foreign ministry, told reporters in Berlin. 
964492264373456896	2018-02-16 13:30:49	https://t.co/0x2Z6f5CME	Balearics to BAN all tourists from entering islands with diesel and petrol cars https://t.co/0x2Z6f5CME	 The Balearic islands of Majorca and Ibiza are to ban all tourists from entering the islands with diesel cars from 2025. It comes as the islands' government takes a tough new stance to protect the 'endangered' environment from CO2 emissions. The same will happen with cars run by petrol but this will be from 2035. Any tourist arriving from the mainland by boat who is 'oblivious' to the proposed new rules will first face a warning before fines later come into force. Locals will be exempt from the ban and will not have to scrap their cars but no new diesel cars can be purchased with effect from 2025 and gasoline from 2035. This will not apply to second-hand car sales provided they are bought on the islands. A spokesman of the Balearic government, which is drafting the legislation said: 'The aim is to gradually replace the car fleet until it is one hundred per cent electric by 2050.' By 2020, car rental firms will be told to have at least two per cent of their fleet in electric vehicles, rising to 100 per cent within the 15 years that follow. It's estimated that 35 per cent of CO2 emissions in the Balearic Islands comes from road traffic. Island leaders also want to see the closure of all the power stations and want solar panels installed in large car parks, new buildings and industrial buildings of more than 1,000 square metres. Announcing the new proposals yesterday, the president of the Balearic government Francina Armengol said: 'The rules place the Balearics at the forefront of the communities in the fight against climate change with measures that accelerate the transition from diesel and gasoline to 100 per cent clean mobility, with electric public transport and vehicles. 'The goal is to lay the foundation for the future of the Balearic Islands to work fully with renewable energies and to grow smartly and sustainably, respecting what we most cherish: our territory and our environment. 'The proposed law is ahead of the future and looks to the long term, planning the society we want on the 2050 horizon, with concrete and timed measures. 'It will allow us to fulfill the international commitments acquired in the Paris Agreement.' At the moment, only two per cent of the energy produced on the Balearics comes from renewable energy sources. Other measures proposed by the Balearic Government include telling large and medium-sized businesses to calculate and record their carbon footprint by 2020 and as of 2025 they will have to present reduction plans with binding minimum objectives. Local councils on all of the islands will have to replace all public lighting with LED within five years. The new emission rules will also affect motorcycles and vans but not, at this stage, boats. The climate change proposals are about to go out to public consultation before being approved. 
964486473893470208	2018-02-16 13:07:49	https://t.co/T7TAdjHarH	Chinese veteran, 100, and his wife, 101, celebrate 80 YEARS of marriage https://t.co/T7TAdjHarH	 A centenarian couple in China have been the living example of the wedding vow 'to have and to hold'. This touching image captures the heart-warming moment Xu Liangquan, 100, held the hand of his wife Shao Xiuying, 101, to thank her for spending eight decades with him through thickness and thin, war and peace, joy and sorrow. The pair of great-great-parents, who tied the knot in the winter of 1937, are still happily married after supporting each other through extremely difficult times including war, famine and political upheaval. Scroll down for video Mr Xu and Ms Shao celebrated their 80th anniversary, or the 'oak' wedding anniversary, last month in their home city Rugao in eastern China's Jiangsu Province, according to a report on People's Daily Online. The ceremony was held on January 16 - a month after the couple's actual wedding anniversary - and remained low-key. The couple kept their fingers interlocked when they were each given a medal and red scarf to celebrate their incredibly lengthy marital life. A video of the ceremony by People's Daily captured the moving scenes. Mr Xu and Ms Shao, who have two sons and two daughters, are both in good health. They now spend every day together peacefully, said the report. They eat breakfast and read newspaper together in the morning and play card games with their neighbours in the afternoon. Their ordinary - yet extraordinary - love story has moved the press and public around China. The Military Newspaper in China commented 'this is love' as they featured the couple's wedding anniversary last month. Apparently, the long-living husband and wife are well-known and well-respected in Rugao. According to information provided by the Rugao news authority, Mr Xu was born in November, 1917 as one of five siblings. He and his brother were sent to study in a school set up by Westerners and were later trained at a local teachers' colleague. After the Second Sino-Japanese War - a part of WWII - began in 1937, a 20-year-old Mr Xu devoted himself to fighting the Japanese invaders. He joined the Communist army and helped collect military intelligence from the Japanese troops posing as a primary school teacher. After the founding of Communist China in 1949, Mr Xu worked as a cultural assistant as well as a supervisor in a secondary school. He retired in 1979 at the age of 68. His wife, Ms Shao, was born in March, 1916, as one of three sisters. She was well educated and could write calligraphy. Ms Shao got married with Mr Xu in December, 1937, after being introduced to him by friends. While her husband was helping fight the Japanese army, she spent most of their early marriage life hiding from Japanese soldiers in the day and from local robbers at night. She has been a dedicated housewife throughout her life, looking after her husband and raising their four children. Together, the couple lived through WWII in the 1940s, the Great Chinese Famine in the 1950s and the turbulent Communist Cultural Revolution in the 1960s and 1970s. The Great Chinese Famine, the worst famine in contemporary history, saw up to 45 million people starved to death between 1958 and 1962 at a time of peace. It's said that Mr Xu and Ms Shao not only supported each other through four barren years, but also gave their own rice to neighbours in need. While during the ruthless Chinese political movement known as the Cultural Revolution, anyone in China who was 'educated' could be accused, publicly shamed or even jailed. The couple were also wronged, but they put their heads down and lived through the social unrest. Mr Xu said he was grateful for his wife's life-time companionship. In his auto-biography published in 2000, Mr Xu called his wife 'the pillar' of their family. In a chapter dedicated to his wife, the man wrote that his wife had been by his side no matter what. He wrote: 'Without her strong will, I would not be enjoying my retirement so happily today.' The couple's friends and neighbours have been curious about their secrets to longevity. The copule told a reporter from the Rugao Propaganda Bureau that they have the habit of walking in the farmland twice a day - once in the morning and once in the evening. Apparently, they like exercising and avoid sitting still for a long period of time. In addition, the couple like eating sweets, porridge and potatoes. The couple concluded that five things had help them live beyond 100 years: their home, partner, children, savings and old friends.
964477998404657152	2018-02-16 12:34:08	https://t.co/3AdZiErsgf	Sweeping landscapes and untouched natural beauty jut up against stark military bases in Korean Demilitarized Zone https://t.co/3AdZiErsgf	 This is what life looks like inside the Demilitarized Zone in Korea, once described by Bill Clinton as the 'scariest place on Earth.' The zone was established in 1953 as part of an armistice deal between North and South Korea that saw both countries stop fighting, though peace has not been declared to this day. Heavily land-mined, watched over day and night by snipers, surrounded by artillery, and criss-crossed by military patrols, it plays host to one of the largest concentrations of military might on the planet. And yet, when photographer Park Jongwoo was granted rare access to the zone in 2009, he found it to be a natural paradise populated by wild boar and deer, thanks to the lack of human interference. Species threatened elsewhere are found here in relative abundance, with 6,000 animal and plant species have been identified in the area, of which 106 labeled endangered or protected according to Wired. Jongwoo has continued photographing the military zone ever since and published his images in a book entitled DMZ: Demilitarized Zone of Korea, which was published in November last year. 
964473327107608576	2018-02-16 12:15:34	https://t.co/7LCdd6VGHD	Teenage YouTube star, 14, is left 'brain dead' after being shot in the head during road rage row in Brazil https://t.co/7LCdd6VGHD	 A teenage YouTube star has been left 'brain dead' after being shot in the head during a road rage row in Brazil, it has emerged. Isabelly Cristine Santos, 14, was shot on a motorway between the beach towns of Ipanema and Praia de Leste in the southern Brazilian state of Parana. Shots were fired at the car Santos was travelling in after a reported argument between drivers. The teenager received a bullet to the head and was rushed to the Regional do Litoral Hospital in nearby Paranagua. Neurologist Marcelo Sader said Santos' state was 'serious, very serious'. Santos' mother posted on social media: 'The doctor just said that she (Isabelly) is brain dead.' Santos' YouTube channel Isa Top Show has more than 48,000 subscribers. Military police say they arrested two suspects at their homes. A firearm was seized from the house. Lieutenant Colonel Rui Barroso told reporters: 'Neither of the two suspects has a criminal history. The firearm was legally registered.' Barroso added: 'The offender confessed.' It is unclear whether the suspects have been charged. Santos is thought to have been the only one injured in the incident. It is not clear who was driving the cars she was in or what sparked the alleged row between drivers. 
964468890192564224	2018-02-16 11:57:57	https://t.co/AkVBIBiiU0	'Nanny from HELL' faces 10 years in jail after parents' CCTV films her 'beating' and 'torturing' their toddler son https://t.co/AkVBIBiiU0	 This shocking footage shows a nanny slapping a babies face, pinching his nose to stop him breathing and throwing him on the floor. While she is feeding the little boy she can be seen hitting his face as he refuses to take the bottle and then grabbing him by one arm to throw him to the ground. Anastasia Zhelyabova, 31 was employed by Elena Levendeeva, 26 to care for her eight-month-old son but instead she tortured him. When Mrs Levendeeva became suspicious that her baby was crying every day he was cared for by the nanny she installed cameras. Just two weeks after Zhelyabova started her employment the boy's mother caught her beating him on hidden cameras. Mrs Levendeeva from Nefteyugank in Russia wrote on social media: 'Due to frequent and continuous hysterical cries from our child we installed video cameras that recorded the beating and torturing.' A police spokesman said: 'The investigation of the criminal case when the woman beat a small child is now over.' The nanny 'beat the baby several times on his bottom and on the face, and she lifted the child and threw him on the floor.' The nanny faces up to ten years in jail for child cruelty if convicted by a court.
964463476365197312	2018-02-16 11:36:26	https://t.co/RCTaDD1gti	Chinese zodiac expert reveals EXACTLY what your sign can expect for the next 12 months https://t.co/RCTaDD1gti	 Today is Chinese New Year and marks the start of the Year of the Dog - one of the 12 signs of the Chinese zodiac. Unlike Western astrology, each sign lasts for a whole year and each year takes the name of an animal whose characteristics colour and influence everything that happens for the next 12 months. This is the Year Of The Dog, signalling a fortunate 12 months ahead for most of those born in the 'dog' years of 1934, 1946, 1958, 1970, 1982, 1994 and 2006. It also influences the fortunes of the other 11 animal signs, depending on their relationship with the dog. Here, Kay Tom, a Leicester-based master in feng shui and horoscopes at The Energy Specialist, reveals exactly what the next 12 months holds in store for each of the 12 signs of the zodiac. It is worth remembering that unlike the Roman calendar new year, the lunar new year changes, although it usually falls between January 21 and February 20. This means that those born in the early part of the calendar year are actually assigned the Chinese zodiac of the previous year. Scroll down to read Kay's predictions... The Rat: 1948, 1960, 1972, 1984, 1996, 2008 This year the Rat’s eye is on the money. A cunning fellow who knows how to duck and dive in order to reach his goal and one to avoid confrontation at all cost, bringing a year of negotiation and diplomacy in order to reap the ultimate reward. Unlike Western astrology, each sign of the Chinese zodiac lasts for a whole year and each year takes the name of an animal whose characteristics colour and influence everything that happens for the next 12 months. It is worth remembering that unlike the Roman calendar new year, the lunar new year changes, although it usually falls between January 21 and February 20. This means that those born in the early part of the calendar year are actually assigned the Chinese zodiac of the previous year. The Rat: 1948, 1960, 1972, 1984, 1996, 2008 The Ox: 1949, 1961, 1973, 1985, 1997, 2009 The Tiger: 1950, 1962, 1974, 1986, 1998, 2010 The Rabbit: 1951, 1963, 1975, 1987, 1999, 2011 The Dragon: 1952, 1964, 1976, 1988, 2000, 2012 The Snake: 1953, 1965, 1977, 1989, 2001, 2013 The Horse: 1954, 1966, 1978, 1990, 2002, 2014 The Sheep: 1955, 1967, 1979, 1991, 2003, 2015 The Monkey: 1956, 1968, 1980, 1992, 2004, 2016 The Rooster: 1957, 1969, 1981, 1993, 2005, 2017 The Dog: 1958, 1970, 1982, 1994, 2006, 2018 The Pig: 1959, 1971, 1983, 1995, 2007, 2019 The Ox: 1949, 1961, 1973, 1985, 1997, 2009 A sedately fellow who takes everything in his stride as he has the foresight to see further than the end of his nose. The Ox also understands the money energy this year but this is discreet money that very few know about. The Rat and the Ox make an excellent team in the financial world particularly on long term investments. The Tiger: 1950, 1962, 1974, 1986, 1998, 2010 Anyone born in the year of the tiger, the horse, the monkey, the rooster and the rabbit all connect well with the dog and understand how to be part of his team. For these people there is tremendous potential t go forth and multiply in 2018 because they have the energy of the leader watching their back. This opportunity is strong for the Tiger as he has bright ideas of his own as well as a natural ability to know when to pounce and seize the moment. The entrepreneur of the year, the Tiger always has his eye on his prey and knows exactly when to pounce. In fact, the time is now so a world of opportunity awaits the Tiger this year. It is simply a case of keeping a sharp eye out in order to spot his chance and to be certain not to miss it. The Rabbit: 1951, 1963, 1975, 1987, 1999, 2011 A social fellow who likes the good things in life and who will not be disappointed this year. There are opportunities for the rabbit to advance his career and ultimately improve his financial status in doing so. 2018 is also a good year for fertility and producing the next generation for the Rabbit. The Dragon: 1952, 1964, 1976, 1988, 2000, 2012 The Chinese animal that needs to keep his head down this year and not make any important changes to his life is the dragon. The dragon totally opposes the dog’s energy and is therefore against the leader. It is advisable that anyone born in the year of the dragon wears either a red string around his waist or wears red underwear or red socks all year for protections from any challenges the dog may want to throw his way. Low profile is the name of the game for the Dragon this year. Undoubtedly the Dragon is a well-­respected character and one to always be ahead of the field but everyone deserves some time off and 2018 is an ideal time to do so. It will be a wise Dragon who rests on his laurels and even takes a sabbatical this year. The Snake: 1953, 1965, 1977, 1989, 2001, 2013 The Snake will do well to stay close to home this year, in other words, all he needs is in the palm of his hands. His greatest allies are his neighbours and with the right collaboration success can be his by the end of the year. The Horse: 1954, 1966, 1978, 1990, 2002, 2014 The Horse is happiest when his spirit free, running wild with his mane flowing in the wind. He will do very well this year if he teams up with the Tiger. Together they are formidable, can climb any mountain and achieve their goals through grit and determination. The Sheep: 1955, 1967, 1979, 1991, 2003, 2015 A high achiever this year with success in examinations or legal matters. The sheep is a discreet player never inclined to blow his own trumpet too often and not one with high levels of ambition yet when he does achieve he is thrilled and proud. This year will not disappoint. The Monkey: 1956, 1968, 1980, 1992, 2004, 2016 The playful Monkey and his neighbour the Rooster work very well together with the Dog to form a powerful team that shouts leadership. Far be it for the Monkey to want to take on too much responsibility as he is a great advocate of a work/life balance he nevertheless knows how to action a plan and bring it to life. A great year for the Monkey to use his intelligence and progress his career. A great year for fertility and reproduction too. The Rooster: 1957, 1969, 1981, 1993, 2005, 2017 A confident fellow with his feet firmly on the ground so one with a reliable voice and solid advice. The Rooster is the spokesman of the team and one to rise to great heights with his confidence, his leadership and his strong sense of duty. The Rooster will go far this year, most especially if he accepts the contribution to the cause from the Monkey and the Dog. He would be a fool not to get involved with these guys. The Dog: 1958, 1970, 1982, 1994, 2006, 2018 The dog’s vulnerability is procrastinate too long and miss that opportunity so be sharp-eyed this year in order to maximise on his own potential. Basically, say yes to everything because there is always more depth to what is on the table in 2018, that is not apparent on first sight. The Pig: 1959, 1971, 1983, 1995, 2007, 2019 The trustworthy and diligent Pig holds the purse strings to both money and power in 2018. The money is especially dominant if he joins forces with the team of the Rat and the Ox. The financial gains can then lead him into a world of regard and respect in the workplace if he joins forces with the Tiger. There is immense opportunity for growth and status this year for the Pig if he learns to accept the advice of others.
964459246065737729	2018-02-16 11:19:37	https://t.co/bijeMK2viM	Astronomers baffled to discover that Neptune's mysterious dark vortex is SHRINKING https://t.co/bijeMK2viM	 An enormous black storm brewing on Neptune that was first noticed two years ago is now getting smaller, according to NASA. Images taken by the Hubble Space Telescope reveal that the storm is defying scientists' prediction that it would go out with a bang, and is instead shrinking away quietly. Neptune is three billion miles away; of the major known planets within our solar system, it is the farthest from Earth. The dark and ominous storm is very large and at could have at one point stretched across the Atlantic from Portugal to Boston. Before now scientists assumed that the storm would create a spectacle when it ended, but that does not seem to be the case. Researchers from the University of Louisville had predicted this outcome. 'Their dynamical simulations said that anticyclones under Neptune's wind shear would probably drift toward the equator,' said Michael Wong of the University of California Berkeley. 'We thought that once the vortex got too close to the equator, it would break up and perhaps create a spectacular outburst of cloud activity.' But, instead, the storm is shrinking. Wong explained: 'It looks like we're capturing the demise of this dark vortex, and it's different from what well-known studies led us to expect.' The storm moves in a direction that is anti-cyclonic, and it is pulling up materials from the depths of Neptune's atmosphere. NASA emphasized how useful the look at the storm from the Hubble is for scientists. It said: 'The elusive feature gives astronomers a unique opportunity to study Neptune's deep winds, which can't be directly measured. 'The dark spot material may be hydrogen sulfide, with the pungent smell of rotten eggs.' Agustín Sánchez-Lavega of the University of the Basque Country said: 'We have no evidence of how these vortices are formed or how fast they rotate. It is most likely that they arise from an instability in the sheared eastward and westward winds.' Additionally, Joshua Tollefson of the University of California Berkeley commented on the storm, saying: 'The particles themselves are still highly reflective; they are just slightly darker than the particles in the surrounding atmosphere.' Neptune's dark vortices last only a few years. The one captured by the Hubble is the first that has been photographed while dying. Scientists said the death of the storm could be due to the direction in which it is moving. They thought that the storm would move north toward Neptune's equator, but it is instead traveling south. The statement explained: 'Neptune seems to only have three broad jets: a westward one at the equator, and eastward ones around the north and south poles. The Hubble Space Telescope was launched jointly by NASA and the European Space Agency. The Hubble is a space-based and long-term observatory. The Hubble observes ultraviolet wavelengths, which the atmosphere filters out, and it collects visible light. 'The Hubble Space Telescope has made some of the most dramatic discoveries in the history of astronomy,' a statement on the Telescope says. The machinery sits more than 370 miles above earth. It can pick up on light via its 'eyes', which are five times more focused than ground-based telescopes. The Hubble focuses on areas in deep outer space 'where some of the most profound mysteries are still buried in the mists of time'. 'The vortex should be free to change traffic lanes and cruise anywhere in between the jets.' Hubble and the Voyager are the only machines that have observed Neptune's vortices. Hubble is currently the only source of data on the frequency of these weather systems. 'The first images of the dark vortex are from the Outer Planet Atmospheres Legacy (OPAL) program, a long-term Hubble project that annually captures global maps of our solar system's four outer planets,' the statement from NASA said. It continued: 'Only Hubble has the unique capability to probe these worlds in ultraviolet light, which yields important information not available to other present-day telescopes.' 
964455374697979905	2018-02-16 11:04:14	https://t.co/BTFx5O0DeE	Chinese fortune-seekers flock to light the first stick of incense in temples to celebrate the Year of the Dog https://t.co/BTFx5O0DeE	 Chinese people around the world are heading to temples today to celebrate the arrival of the Lunar New Year. Fortune-seekers light joss sticks in holy shrines to pray for happiness, prosperity and longevity as they welcome the Year of the Dog. In China, dedicated prayers queued up outside of temples from the eve of the Lunar New Year for a chance to be the first person to burn incense at midnight - a tradition that is meant to give people the best luck and blessings. Scroll down for video Large crowds were seen in various monasteries across the country, including the Lama Temple in the capital city Beijing, the Longhua Temple in metropolis Shanghai and Lingyin Temple in Hangzhou. Well-wishers also struck the temple bells to mark the turn of the calendar. According to the Chinese tradition, the bell must be struck 108 times, and the 108th ring must fall on 12 o'clock at night in order to make sure every one in the area would have the best luck in the New Year. Ethnic Chinese temple-goers were also seen in other Asian countries, such as Cambodia, Indonesia, India and Malaysia, on the first day of the Year of the Dog. The Lunar New Year, otherwise known as Spring Festival, is celebrated around the world, but the main festivities are observed in East and South-east Asia. This year, Sydney and New York City also celebrated the occasion by putting on special light and fireworks shows. According to the Chinese 12-animal zodiac system, 2018 is the Year of the Dog - succeeding the Year of the Rooster and preceding the Year of the Pig. As the year ends with an eight, it's been considered an especially lucky year by the Chinese people. This is because in certain Chinese dialects, the sound of the word 'eight' is similar to the sound of the word 'fortune'. Lunar New Year celebration comes in various forms. Chinese people wear red jackets and jumpers to the streets, buy red lanterns and paper-cuttings to decorate their homes and even prepare red steamed buns to be eaten during family reunions. Around China, family get together to eat different types of dumplings, such as savoury 'jiao zi' and sweet 'tang tuan' as a way to pray for family unity and happiness. Red envelopes containing cash are also given out to children by their families to wish them a happy New Year. Apparently, even giant pandas have joined the celebration this year. A total of 17 giant panda cubs, all born in 2017, met the public yesterday as they sent wishes for the Chinese New Year at the Shenshuping Base of the China Conservation and Research Centre for the Giant Panda today in Wolong, China. The festivities usually last for 16 days in China, from the Lunar New Year's Eve to the Lantern Festival, or the 15th day of the New Year, when people go out to see colourful lanterns. 
964449893849935874	2018-02-16 10:42:27	https://t.co/7X24M38vTo	Skin-crawling footage shows a 6-inch long centipede embracing her 80 freshly-hatched babies https://t.co/7X24M38vTo	 A mother's love is normally a thing of beauty, but this skin-crawling footage of a centipede embracing her newborn babies might just be the exception. The nightmarish video shows the 6-inch (15cm) long creepy crawly wrapped around 80 hatchlings to protect them as they scamper over one another inside an enclosure. Captured last week in the Philippines' Manila, the footage has sent the internet into a spin with millions of views and comments. And while most keep cats or dogs as pets John Heidel Raquel, 22, prefers companionship from this 100-legged beast and her translucent offspring. Real estate agent Mr Raquel said: 'I think people appreciate this on different levels. 'On one hand it looks very unique like an alien being but on the other hand, it's touching because of how well this mother cares for and protects her young. 'The maternal care of centipedes is really amazing. She spends a whole month keeping watch over her babies without eating.' In the video, the mother can be seen 'cuddling' her hatchlings and wrapping them in a ball with her body. Some species of centipede leave their eggs to develop on their own, but others take care of them. The centipede featured in the video, known as Scolopendra Morsitans, is seen protecting the hatchlings until they’ve molted once or twice. By wrapping their bodies around their brood, the mother protects them from any nearby predators such as mice or toads. However, if the mothers are gravely threatened during this period, they may eat the eggs rather than let the intruder do so. The insect-lover found the wild centipede in his garden last year and decided to take it into his care. Though he has spent plenty of time watching the venomous critter since she gave birth last month, Mr Raquel knows better than risking a dangerous bite. He has good reason for his trepidation as it has been known for centipede bites from similar species to result in human fatalities in the Philippines. Mr Raquel said: 'It's definitely not advisable to touch centipedes, they're born killers. 'There have been cases where they have killed humans and even cows. 'I'm just amazed to see how popular this has gone. I think it's creepy, but people can see the love behind it.' A centipede's spasm-inducing venom is so powerful, it can rapidly paralyse much larger prey. Recently, a new gruesome video showed just how effective its venom is in killing a mouse that is 15 times its size. The footage shows a venomous golden headed centipede murdering the rodent in just 30 seconds. Scientists believe the centipede's deadly venom reduces the mouse's respiratory rate and triggers brain seizures. While the clip doesn't show it eating the prey, mice are a common snack for the predators, who have also been known to feast on small snakes. The footage was captured by researchers led by Kunming Institute of Zoology in China. They wanted to identify a toxin in centipede venom that wreaks havoc on the cardiovascular, respiratory, and nervous systems of other creatures. They found a substance they called 'Ssm Spooky Toxin' produced by golden head centipedes - also known as the Chinese red-headed centipede. This toxin blocks the movement of potassium into and out of mammal cells. The researchers believe this eventually stops blood flow to the heart, leading to heart failure and death. 
964446126974881792	2018-02-16 10:27:29	https://t.co/SoWYuTOHpB	Outrage as dementia patient who never asked to die is euthanized at request of family in Belgium https://t.co/SoWYuTOHpB	 A row has broken out in Belgium after a dementia patient who never asked to die was euthanized at the family's request. The case is described in a letter written by a doctor who resigned from Belgium's euthanasia commission in protest over the group's actions on this and other cases. It has raised concerns about weak oversight in a country with some of the world's most liberal euthanasia laws. Some experts say the case as documented in the letter amounts to murder; the patient lacked the mental capacity to ask for euthanasia and the request for the bedridden patient to be killed came from family members. The co-chairs of the commission say the doctor mistakenly reported the death as euthanasia. Although euthanasia has been legal in Belgium since 2002 and has overwhelming public support, critics have raised concerns in recent months about certain practices, including how quickly some doctors approve requests to die from psychiatric patients. The AP revealed a rift last year between Dr. Willem Distelmans, co-chair of the euthanasia commission, and Dr. Lieve Thienpont, an advocate of euthanasia for the mentally ill. Distelmans suggested some of Thienpont's patients might have been killed without meeting all the legal requirements. Prompted by the AP's reporting, more than 360 doctors, academics and others have signed a petition calling for tighter controls on euthanasia for psychiatric patients. Euthanasia - when doctors kill patients at their request - can be granted in Belgium to people with both physical and mental health illnesses. The condition does not need to be fatal, but suffering must be 'unbearable and untreatable.' It can only be performed if specific criteria are fulfilled, including a 'voluntary, well-considered and repeated' request from the person. But Belgium's euthanasia commission routinely violates the law, according to a September letter of resignation written by Dr. Ludo Vanopdenbosch, a neurologist, to senior party leaders in the Belgian Parliament who appoint members of the group. The most striking example took place at a meeting in early September, Vanopdenbosch writes, when the group discussed the case of a patient with severe dementia, who also had Parkinson's disease. To demonstrate the patient's lack of competence, a video was played showing what Vanopdenbosch characterized as 'a deeply demented patient.' The patient, whose identity was not disclosed, was euthanized at the family's request, according to Vanopdenbosch's letter. There was no record of any prior request for euthanasia from the patient. After hours of debate, the commission declined to refer the case to the public prosecutor to investigate if criminal charges were warranted. Vanopdenbosch confirmed the letter was genuine but would not comment further about the specific case details. The two co-chairs of the euthanasia commission, Distelmans and Gilles Genicot, a lawyer, said the doctor treating the patient mistakenly called the procedure euthanasia, and that he should have called it palliative sedation instead. Palliative sedation is the process of drugging patients near the end of life to relieve symptoms, but it is not meant to end life. 'This was not a case of illegal euthanasia but rather a case of legitimate end-of-life decision improperly considered by the physician as euthanasia,' Genicot and Distelmans said in an email. Vanopdenbosch, who is also a palliative care specialist, wrote that the doctor's intention was 'to kill the patient' and that 'the means of alleviating the patient's suffering was disproportionate.' Though no one outside the commission has access to the case's medical records - the group is not allowed by law to release that information - some critics were stunned by the details in Vanopdenbosch's letter. 'It's not euthanasia because the patient didn't ask, so it's the voluntary taking of a life,' said Dr. An Haekens, psychiatric director at the Alexianen Psychiatric Hospital in Tienen, Belgium. 'I don't know another word other than murder to describe this.' Kristof Van Assche, a professor of health law at the University of Antwerp, wrote in an email the commission itself wasn't breaking the law because the group is not required to refer a case unless two-thirds of the group agree - even if the case 'blatantly disregards' criteria for euthanasia. But without a request from the patient, the case 'would normally constitute manslaughter or murder,' he wrote. 'The main question is why this case was not deemed sufficiently problematic' to prompt the commission to refer the case to prosecutors. Vanopdenbosch, who in the letter called himself a 'big believer' in euthanasia, cited other problems with the commission. He said that when he expressed concerns about potentially problematic cases, he was immediately 'silenced' by others. And he added that because many of the doctors on the commission are leading euthanasia practitioners, they can protect each other from scrutiny, and act with 'impunity.' Vanopdenbosch wrote that when cases of euthanasia are identified that don't meet the legal criteria, they are not forwarded to the public prosecutor's office as is required by law, but that the commission itself acts as the court. In the 15 years since euthanasia was legalized in Belgium, more than 10,000 people have been euthanized, and just one of those cases has been referred to prosecutors. Genicot and Distelmans said the group thoroughly assesses every euthanasia case to be sure all legal conditions have been met. 'It can obviously occur that some debate emerges among members but our role is to make sure that the law is observed and certainly not to trespass it,' they said. They said it was 'absolutely false' that Vanopdenbosch had been muzzled and said they regretted his resignation. 
964441935594352640	2018-02-16 10:10:50	https://t.co/bGI8T2015Z	Ancient graves reveal how disabled people were treated historically https://t.co/bGI8T2015Z	 The remains of two children ages ten and 12 who were buried 34,000 years ago in Russia have revealed a clue about the way disabled people were treated during ancient times. Their bodies were found among the Sunghir burials outside of Vladimir, Russia, Live Science reported. They were placed in a slender, long grave, positioned head to head, and their grave was filled with more than 10,000 ivory beads, more than 300 fox teeth and at least 20 armbands. Additionally, carved artwork, 16 ivory spears, deer antlers and the likes of two human calf bones, which were placed on the boys' chests, filled the space. Researchers compared their graves to one of a man they guessed was around 40 years old when he died. The adult's grave was of no comparison to those of the boys, which were packed with riches. Around 3,000 ivory beads, 12 fox canines, one stone pendant and 25 ivory arm bands were found in the man's grave, which means that he was awarded significantly less than the the children the researchers discovered. Erik Trinkaus, author of the new report detailing the findings, told Live Science: 'From the point of view of the mortuary behavior, the burial of the adult is, in fact, very different from the burial of the children.' The Sunghir burials have been examined since their discovery decades ago, and they date back to the Mid Upper Paleolithic period. The region where the graves are located was enduring a warmer-than-usual period when the remains were buried, researchers have said. Ice ages occurred both before and after this period. The higher temperatures during this time at least partially explain how the ancient hunter gatherers who lived during this time were able to break the ground, which otherwise would have been frozen, to bury their community members. Ten bodies have been found in the Sunghir burials, but the remains of the two young boys are the most spectacular, scientists claimed. What makes the find curious are the conditions of the children's remains. Both show signs of having conditions that would have contributed to the fact that they lived such short lives. The researchers noted that both had experienced multiple periods during which their bodies were under extreme stress. They based their finding off an examination of the boys' dental enamel. Additionally, the younger boy's thighbones were 'exceptionally bowed and short', and the older boy's teeth were hardly used. A skeletal analysis suggested that the older boy was bedridden. 'To us, [this] doesn't sound like much, but people from this time wore their teeth down quickly,' Trinkaus explained. This led researchers to speculate that the older boy was fed soft foods. The Paleolithic period, sometimes called the Old Stone Age, is characterized by humans' usage of chipped stone tools. The period's onset has traditionally been linked to the earliest tool construction evidence. Sites from the Lower Paleolithic period have included simple pebble tools, according to Britannica. The hand-ax showed up about 700,000 years ago, and a number of the earliest known have been found in Tanzania. Flint usage has been associated with this period, too. Britannica has reported: 'Alongside the hand-ax tradition there developed a distinct and very different stone tool industry, based on flakes of stone: special tools were made from worked (carefully shaped) flakes of flint. Additionally, the Upper Paleolithic period, which is thought to have begun some 40,000 years ago, has been characterized by stone tool industries that were regional. This specific part of the Paleolithic period is associated with industries that were more complex and specialized. Trinkaus told Live Science: 'It is really bizarre to have an individual who looks like he was bedridden in a group of hunters and gatherers who were extremely mobile.' Researchers think that other disabled people also received burials around this time. The study said: 'Indeed, in the Mid Upper Paleolithic, individuals with marked developmental or degenerative abnormalities are relatively common in the burial record, accounting for a third of the sufficiently well-preserved individuals.' But the boys' ages were unusual, the researchers pointed out, saying that people that young typically did not receive burials that special. Anthropology Professor Lawrence Straus explained to Live Science that the remains proved that everyone who received an extravagant burial during this time was not necessarily a 'big, adult male hunter'. 'In this case, adolescents - people with disabilities or pathologies that would have limited their full functioning - are getting some amazing treatment,' Straus said.
964436562967633921	2018-02-16 09:49:29	https://t.co/yzIay0e3nV	Heart-stopping video shows moment uncle drives over his young nephew https://t.co/yzIay0e3nV	 This is the miraculous moment a boy is accidentally run over by his uncle but gets up completely unscathed. The shocking video was recorded in Palhoca, Santa Catarina, Brazil, and sees the little boy, called Kaleb, crouched under the front of his unsuspecting uncle's car. Horrifyingly, his uncle gets into the car and speeds off, with Kaleb going under the vehicle. The potential consequences of the video are horrifying as it seems none of Kaleb's relatives realise where the little boy is. He can be seen playing on the sandy road as his uncle and father seem locked in conversation. The footage, which was captured on a security camera, shows Kaleb's uncle then speeding off, with the little boy seemingly going headfirst under the car. Astonishingly, Kaleb seems completely unscratched and runs into his father's terrified arms. Kalebs's mother said: 'My brother-in-law was there at home and I was talking with my husband in the street when they went to the trunk of the car. Kaleb went to the street along with them, but no one realized. 'While my husband was in the garage getting a car battery, my brother-in-law called him saying that he was going. My husband went to the gate and said bye. 'It was at this moment that my husband saw my son already under the car. 'Kaleb came up running and jumped on my husband's lap. 'When we looked at the security camera, we realized that my brother-in-law had driven the car on top of my son, and amazingly, he didn't suffer any scratches or injuries.' 
964431423405940736	2018-02-16 09:29:04	https://t.co/9h3JbmfKS6	Horror on the metro as two-year-old boy suddenly runs from his mother's side and falls onto the tracks https://t.co/9h3JbmfKS6	 This is the shocking moment where a two-year-old boy was saved by a teenager after jumping onto the train tracks at a Milan metro station shortly before a train arrived. The incident, which happened on Tuesday, was caught on CCTV and shows the toddler sitting with his mother and then running to the edge of the platform at and jumping down on to the tracks below. As the shocked mother and other passengers try to pull the child from the tracks, quick thinking Lorenzo Pianazza, 18, threw off his rucksack and without missing a beat, jumped down to pick him up and lifted him to safety. Before scrambling onto the platform himself the brave teen even picked up the boy's toy from the track and stopping briefly to check the time for the next train which, he said, was due to arrive in 90 seconds. Speaking to local media Pianazza said he wasn't fearful for his own safety but just acted on instinct when he saw the toddler in danger. 'I saw that at the arrival of a train there was a minute and a half, I knew I could do it, and no one else was moving. They were stuck, the people just stopped and looked on,' Pianazza said. 'I'm happy to have done what I thought was right to do and not caused more trouble stepping down on the tracks.' Station manager Claudia Flora Castellano, who was on shift at the time, saw the scene unfold on the camera and pressed the button to stop the movement of trains , according to local media. Milan's mayor Giuseppe Sala expressed his gratitude to both Pianazza and Castellano for their quick thinking and invited them to his office after the incident. 'Today we have witnessed a brave gesture. Thanks to your readiness and that of the station agent which stopped the movement of trains a child was saved,' Mr Sala said on Thursday. 'I would like to thank you both on behalf of the whole city of Milan.' The heroic eighteen-year-old said that the boys mother had thanked him after the rescue but that all that mattered was that the young tot was back in his mother's arms. Despite the outpouring of thanks and support from the public, Pianazza said he did not feel like a hero. 'They're saying I was brave, I was just ready'. The two-year old, later named Mohamed, was taken to hospital for a check-up, but suffered no injuries.
964426906824187904	2018-02-16 09:11:07	https://t.co/tiuyyK8WEh	Norwegian sets transatlantic speed record AGAIN https://t.co/tiuyyK8WEh	 Norwegian has broken its own record for the fastest subsonic transatlantic flight from New York to London, completing the journey in just five hours and nine minutes. The Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner, registered as G-CJGI and captained by Gatwick-based Martin Wood, beat the record set in January by four minutes after reaching 799mph on the crossing. The flight left JFK on Thursday February 8 and was able to touch down at Gatwick airport around an hour ahead of time thanks to a ferocious jet stream. Captain Wood said: 'This is certainly a monumental coup for Norwegian as we’ve gone from fast growing to fastest-going. We flew at 33,000ft, right in the core of the jet stream at 193kts (222mph), which was surprisingly smooth and pushed us toward breaking the transatlantic flight record time again on our brand new Boeing 787 Dreamliner.' In January, a Norwegian Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner was able to reach a top speed of 776mph as it hurtled across the Atlantic Ocean after being pushed on the 3,458-mile journey by an extra strong jet stream that at times reached 202mph. This meant that its service from JFK to London Gatwick only took a total of five hours and 13 minutes, shaving 53 minutes off the expected flight duration. This flight broke the record previously set by a British Airways aircraft in January 2015, which was able to fly from JFK to London Heathrow in five hours and 16 minutes. The Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner aircraft (G-CKHL) used on the then record-breaking transatlantic flight adorns British tail fin hero Amy Johnson, a pioneering pilot who was the first female to fly solo from England to Australia in 1930. Norwegian, Europe's third largest low-cost carrier, operates double daily flights between London and New York using the state-of-the-art Boeing 787 Dreamliner. The January 15 departure saw 284 passengers leave JFK at 11.44am local time before arriving in London at 9.57pm GMT. At the controls was Captain Harold van Dam, who revealed a more impressive record could have been achieved, but turbulence hindered them. Captain van Dam said at the time: 'The 787 Dreamliner is a pleasure to fly and it’s a great feeling to know that we have set a new record in this aircraft. 'We were actually in the air for just over five hours and if it had not been for forecasted turbulence at lower altitude, we could have flown even faster.' Despite the speed achieved being more than the speed of sound, the flight didn't actually go supersonic because the plane was travelling in a body of air that was already fast-moving, which increased the velocity needed to break the sound barrier. Captain Van Dam told MailOnline Travel: 'When flying we record groundspeed - like a car travelling on the ground - and airspeed due to the varying wind speeds experienced during flight. The highest groundspeed during the flight was 776mph, more than the speed of sound, however, airspeed is actually slower than groundspeed. 'Therefore, our airspeed was at Mach 0.85, below Mach 1.0 needed to go supersonic and break the sound barrier.' The day before the record breaking flight, fellow Gatwick-based captain Pascal Niewold was in charge of another New York to London flight that had a flight time of just five hours and 20 minutes - just four minutes short of the previous record by BA. That flight was helped by a maximum tailwind of 224mph and reached an even faster top speed of 779mph. And Captain Niewold added: 'The passengers and crew were very pleasantly surprised that we were already landing in London. 'It was a very smooth flight with almost no turbulence and as a result of the jet stream we arrived 25 minutes early.' However, the fastest ever transatlantic crossing by a passenger plane was in February 1996, when a British Airways Concorde flight from New York to London took just two hours, 52 minutes and 59 seconds. That day, the supersonic jet was able to reach a top speed of 1,350mph as it hurtled across the ocean. In 1979 a VC-10 passenger plane, now preserved at Duxford Air Museum, completed a journey from JFK to Glasgow Prestwick in an even quicker time than Norwegian's Dreamliners - just five hours and one minute, the captain claimed. Though the journey was 243 miles shorter. The winter months can often mean that transatlantic flights from the US to Europe become shorter thanks to the jet stream across the ocean intensifying. This is due to the temperature contrast between the equator and the North Pole being at its greatest, which can lead to wind increases across the Atlantic. However, the strength of the jet stream only increases in one direction and passengers travelling from Europe to the US may even see their flight times increase.
964419180597407744	2018-02-16 08:40:25	https://t.co/bfJPPzt2kb	Woman mistakenly 'BURIED ALIVE' tried to 'fight her way out of sealed coffin' for 11 days https://t.co/bfJPPzt2kb	 A woman is believed to have been buried alive by mistake and lay conscious inside her coffin for 11 days before trying to fight her way out of the stone tomb. Rosangela Almeida dos Santos, 37, appears to have desperately tried to escape her wooden casket, which had been nailed shut after she was buried alive. But she had already died by the time family members smashed open the tomb last Friday after locals reported hearing screams coming from her grave, according to reports. Shocking footage shows the commotion in the Senhora Santana cemetery in Riachao das Neves, northeast Brazil, as local men took out the heavy coffin and removed the lid. Some people ask to call an ambulance as others touch the woman’s feet and comment on how warm she feels. Married Ms Santos was declared dead by a hospital on January 28 and was buried the next day. People living near to the cemetery alerted her family on February 9 - 11 days after she had been laid to rest - after hearing screams and bangs coming from inside the tomb. Her body had reportedly turned around and still warm, cotton wool which had been in the woman’s ears and nostrils had come out and she had injuries on her hands and forehead where it appeared she had tried to fight her way out. The nails around the sides of the coffin lid had also been pushed upwards, and there were scratches and blood on the inside, they claim. Ms Santos had been at the Hospital do Oeste in Barreiras, in Brazil's northeastern state of Bahia, for a week after being rushed there by her family with severe fatigue. She suffered two cardiac arrests before dying from 'septic shock', according to her death certificate. The woman, who was married but didn’t have children, reportedly suffered fainting spells since she was seven years old and took anti-convulsant medicines. Her family said their goodbyes at a wake held that night, and she was buried in a concrete tomb at the municipal cemetery in her home town, Riachao das Neves, the following day. But last Friday residents living on the street next to the cemetery raised the alarm after hearing screams, banging and groans coming from inside the woman's stone tomb. Housewife Natalina Silva told Brazil's G1 website that many people had heard muffled screams during the night. She said: 'When I got there right in front of the tomb, I heard banging from inside it. I thought the kids who play around the cemetery were playing a joke on me. 'Then I heard her groan twice, and after those two groans she stopped.' Ms Santos' mother, Germana de Almeida, 66, said that when they took out and opened the coffin they found injuries to her body when she claimed weren’t there when they buried her. She said: 'She had tried to open the lid, even the nails that had been hammered in were loose. Her hands were injured, like she had been trying to get out.' Ana Francisco Dias, who lives near the cemetery, told Brazil's Globo TV station: 'There were than 500 people who came here and packed the cemetery, everybody went to see, lots of people touched her foot and everybody saw that she was still warm. She wasn't cold.' The family believe that Ms Santos was declared dead in error have reported the incident to police. Ms Santos' sister, Isamara Almeida, said: 'We don't want to accuse any doctor, we don't want to cause any problems, but we witnessed that situation, there's just no way a person can be buried for 11 days and still be warm.' Police chief Arnaldo Monte, who is leading the investigation, said: 'We have today started to take statements from family members and other people. 'If need be we will exhume Ms Santos’ body again so we can get to the bottom of what really happened.' A spokesman for the Hospital de Oeste which declared her dead said they 'will provide all necessary information requested from them to the family and authorities'. 
964415196788809729	2018-02-16 08:24:35	https://t.co/w8Cs4pgzpm	Norovirus breaks out at Winter Olympics https://t.co/w8Cs4pgzpm	 Two Swiss skiers have become the first athletes confirmed to have been hit by the highly contagious norovirus at the Winter Olympics. The freestyle skiers have been taken away from the rest of the Swiss team after they were struck down with the vomiting and diarrhoea virus at the Pyeongchang Games in South Korea. One of the victims has been named as Fabian Boesch who has become an internet sensation at the Games after posting a video of himself hanging onto the outside rail of an escalator as it climbed upward. It comes after South Korean officials were left scrambling over an outbreak of the virus days before the Games started. More than 200 people have been confirmed to have contracted the norovirus, most of them security staff and Games personnel, but until Friday the athletic delegations had been unaffected. 'Everyone else is safe. We did everything we could,' A Swiss team spokesperson said, without naming the other affected skier. 'We took them away from the rest of the team and now they have to recover.' The Swiss Olympic team said in a statement the athletes had contracted the virus a few days ago but their symptoms had now mostly gone away and could potentially still compete. 'They were taken to a single room and had no contact with the other athletes,' Swiss Olympics said in a statement. 'Please note that athletes who have had the norovirus are allowed to compete if they are in good physical health, have been tested by the Swiss medical team, take all precautionary measures and the IOC has been consulted.' The International Olympic Committee (IOC) said earlier on Friday the two skiers were not staying at the athletes village with the majority of the other competitors in South Korea. It said at a news conference they were 'unwell' but hoped they would still be able to compete at the Games. The freestyle competition started on February 9 and runs until February 23. Norovirus is a common, infectious bug that causes unpleasant symptoms including diarrhea and vomiting but doesn't require medical treatment; most people recover on their own after a few days. Large outbreaks of the disease have previously been reported in restaurants, cruise ships, nursing homes, schools and building complexes that share a common water source. According to Olympics organisers, the norovirus spread began days before the Games got underway when private security workers staying in the Jinbu area of Pyeongchang started complaining of headaches, stomach pain and diarrhea. About 1,200 people were kept in their rooms during tests for the contagious virus. Local and national health officials said that by February 7, they had investigated 1,023 people. Because the sick workers handled security, 900 military personnel were brought in to work at 20 venues until the sick and sequestered can return to work. Norovirus is typically spread via contaminated food or water, close contact with an infected patient or by touching contaminated surfaces or objects; the virus can survive outside the body for several days. There is no specific medical treatment for the virus, although doctors advise people to drink plenty of fluids to avoid dehydration. To prevent further spread, health professionals recommend frequent hand-washing and thorough cleaning of any contaminated surfaces. They also advise patients to stay away from public places until at least two days after their symptoms have cleared. 
964407780386922498	2018-02-16 07:55:07	https://t.co/JAvjKU58Ue	New iOS bug can crash iPhones and disable access to iMessages and WhatsApp https://t.co/JAvjKU58Ue	 A devastating 'text bomb' that crashes Apple devices has been uncovered by researchers. It works by sending iPhones, iPads and Macs into a frenzy thanks to a single character from a language used in India. Opening a message containing the character is enough to crash iOS Springboard, the system app which manages the device's home screen. Apple gadgets running iOS 11.2.5 or macOS, are susceptible to the bug, which disables access to iMessages. Other popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, Outlook for iOS, and Gmail, are also cut off. Scroll down for video News of the bug emerged after reports in Italian blog Mobile World and has since been widely replicated, with numerous confirmations posted online. The character is from the Telugu language, a Dravidian language spoken in India by about 70 million people, roughly five per cent of the country's population. As apps try and fail to load the character, users can get trapped in an endless loop of crashes. The only way to escape this cycle is to get someone else to message you and delete the thread containing the malicious message. Apple is reported to be working on an update for iOS 11 update that will address the crashes before release of iOS 11.3 this spring. Writing on Mobile World, tech blogger Giuseppe Tripodi said: 'The error we are talking about presents an Indian character that, if received or simply pasted in a text field, can lead to freeze of applications or crashes of the entire operating system. 'If the character is displayed within an application, the app in question will crash and will continue to close each time you try to start it. 'The situation gets worse if someone sends you the symbol and iOS tries to show it in a notification. 'In this case, the entire Springboard will be blocked. 'If this happens, wait and hope that the Springboard will restart properly, because if you force a reboot of the device, it will bootloop.' Telegram and Skype do not appear to be affected and the issue couldn't be recreated in the public beta versions of iOS 11.3. That suggests Apple was already aware of the problem. Apple's products have been plagued by so-called text bombs, which can crash and freeze devices through malicious messages. The ChaiOS hack, revealed in January 2018, causes devices to crash and can delete all your messages, affects any device running iOS and Mac OS. The flaw was discovered by software developer Abraham Masri, based in Chicago, who shared a link which can be used to crash Apple's Message app on social media. It does so through massively long strings of text information, which overloads the system. Both ChaiOS and a bug discovered in February 2018 involving an Indian language character are similar to another called Effective Power. This was first reported in May 2015. Malicious messages containing the word 'Power' as well as Arabic and Marathi characters and the Chinese character meaning 'redundant', were sent out. They also crashed the Messages app, and if an iOS user received the text while their handset was locked the bug would force their phone to reboot. 
964396265009070080	2018-02-16 07:09:21	https://t.co/zxtuWqfd8l	Russian woman admits she killed her boyfriend in a sex game and cut off his genitals and put them in the freezer https://t.co/zxtuWqfd8l	 Horrifying new details have emerged of how a 21-year-old Russian student killed her boyfriend during a sex game before dismembering his corpse. Anastasia Onegina murdered lover Dmitry Sinkevich, 24, a former policeman and conscript soldier, at her flat in Oryol before slicing him up using a kitchen knife. She beheaded him, cut off his genitals and cheeks, severed his limbs, removed several fingers and toes and then gutted him. Some pieces she threw into the bins outside, others she stored in the freezer, and yet more were hung on hooks around her apartment like a butcher's shop. Onegina initially denied killing Sinkevich, telling police she had found him dead before dismembering the corpse - afraid she would be accused of murder - but has now admitted causing his death. Sinkevich died of asphyxiation during a BDSM sex game, investigators say. A neighbour call Lyubov who saw inside her flat after the death and dismembering said: 'I managed to see how it was. 'His meat was hanging on hooks, but they did not allow me to stop and look too closely. 'His hands and feet in the trash, guts in a package in the refrigerator, fingers are scattered across the flat.' As Anastasia Onegina was cutting up his body, her sister Ksenia called her on her phone and asked what she was doing. 'I'm dismembering my boyfriend,' she said. Ksenia called their father, who is a policeman, and he alerted authorities. Onegina's husband previously died in suspicious circumstances shortly after their wedding. After his death, she was sentenced to a psychiatric hospital for a year and a half, but was then released. A court has now ordered her to undergo psychiatric tests as the murder investigation continues. Neighbours say the couple were fans of occultism and BDSM, and his social media included satanist images. They 'made a lot of noise'. One report stated: 'Neighbours said that they held weekly orgies, and complained about them. 'They were said to be into sadomasochism and similar practises.' His final picture shows them together going for a walk with her dog at 7.50 am on Sunday. He died and was dismembered later the same day. In the dead man's social media profile he had written: 'In love with Anastasia Onegina.' His profile showed he was subscribed to a satanist group and he posted pictures linked to the devil. A picture showed him in his policeman's uniform in 2015. On her online account, Onegina wrote: 'I only want 3 things in this world: See you. Hug you. Kiss you.' One report said: 'Her classmates say she was a bit crazy since childhood. 'She is from the family with many children, her dad is a policeman. 'The question is, how could she be left without custody and supervision by the relevant authorities? 'The most interesting thing is that she gives the impression of quite a normal girl.' The suspect is also known as Anastasia Beloshapkina and Anastasia Savosto. 
964380868142755840	2018-02-16 06:08:10	https://t.co/KTaxcWgKnY	Hungry young leopard misses out on lunch after zebra escapes with a flying kick https://t.co/KTaxcWgKnY	 These stunning pictures show a young leopard in Kenya learning a hard lesson as he tried and failed to pounce on a topi and a zebra. The juvenile leopard was positioned lying perfectly still in the rocks of a waterhole used by potential prey, before launching out at a 150kg topi antelope three times its weight. But after trying to sink his claws into the topi's rump he was shaken aside by the larger animal, before pouncing on a small herd of zebra stallions, one of whom saw him off with a flying hoof kick. The leopard's failed attempts at hunting were captured by Paul Goldstein in Kenya's Maasai Mara last month. The wildlife photographer, from Wimbledon, said: 'In January, around mid-morning the Maasai Mara is hot, not normally the time you would expect a leopard to be hunting. 'This is a young male leopard of about 20 months and had no business even contemplating taking on such large adversaries. 'This was a mismatch but intensely exciting. The leopard then slunk off to the bushes with its tail firmly between its legs and slept for the rest of the day. It took me and everyone else much longer to calm down.' Paul was working as a guide for Exodus Travels and Kicheche Bush Camp, which he co-owns. 
964365500330401792	2018-02-16 05:07:06	https://t.co/9SLoU2hSCV	Fertility expert reveals the reasons why couples struggle to have a baby and what to do https://t.co/9SLoU2hSCV	 Around 1 in 7 couples are said to have difficulty conceiving, according to the NHS, which means roughly 3.5 million people in the UK are suffering because of fertility issues. Fertility and women's health expert Emma Cannon has been helping women to conceive for over 20 years. From IVF support to acupuncture and nutritional advice, Emma Cannon's Chelsea clinic has developed a reputation of excellence since its founding, but it's not just Londoners that fertility expert Emma has helped over the duration of her career. A TEDX speaker and author of five fertility and women's health books to date (her newest title, Fertile, was published yesterday), Emma is best known for her holistic approach to fertility and wellness, fusing western medicine with complementary therapies to get to root of fertility problems. As a member of The British Acupuncture Council and The College of Medicine, Emma holds a Bachelor of Science and is experienced in supporting women from preconception to the menopause. Here in a piece published for Get The Gloss , Ms Cannon explains how fertility issues have changed since she first set up her clinic and how stress and burnout could be impacting upon the chance of conception... What are the questions that you get asked the most in clinic? What should I eat? How much can I drink? How long will it take? People want a quick fix, but fertility isn't about quick fixes. Most people are impatient and not infertile. What one thing do you wish that women and men knew about fertility? That it was never meant to be that easy for us conceive. From an evolutionary point of view, we spend a long time looking after and nurturing our offspring. Once born, survival rates are high compared to other animals. Nature intended us to be in optimal health to fulfil this responsibility and to nurture and care for our offspring for many years after they are born, unlike a fish who has hundreds of offspring, most of which will die and she just swims away and leaves them to it anyway. Modern couples are used to trying hard to achieve their goals and they go about baby-making in the same mind set. This creates frustration, anxiety and obsession. Sex is vital; it's amazing how often I have to point this out.' What's the most noticeable change in the field of fertility since you began practising? In the past 20 years I have seen an increase in the speed at which couples turn to IVF. I have also seen changes in men's sperm. I would say that sperm quality is decreasing, at least in my practice, which is in central London. This may be a London-centric problem but I do believe that male infertility or subfertility is on the increase. How can couples make the experience of conception a positive, rather than stressful, one? By not putting so much pressure on themselves and their partners to 'achieve' at it. It takes time and I see that couples set about it like a wedding project or a house project. It really takes the joy and sexiness out of it. Keep a bit of mystery, however game your partner may seem to be on the surface or at the outset. It is actually very off-putting to be asked to perform baby-making sex at a given time of the month. Keep some things sacred - like ovulation for example. Be playful and keep a sense of fun and enjoyment. Don't panic if you don't fall pregnant immediately, don't compare yourselves to other people and don't turn to Dr Google for your information - you are likely to make yourself even more anxious. Where do you see the future of fertility? I can only see it getting worse with more intervention. People are accruing more and more debt earlier in life, it is harder to get on the housing ladder, young couple are struggling financially to start their life together and this only makes them delay parenting for longer. It's so tough and I am not sure what the solution is. I do think more and more women will freeze their eggs, but this is best done earlier in life; in your 20s or early 30s. This may offer some fertility insurance but there is more to fertility than just eggs and it is important to take a holistic view of your fertility. There is a danger that the next generation may delay fertility having frozen their eggs and to find out that this is not a fertility cure-all, as has been the case with the current generation and IVF. That IVF does not eliminate all fertility problems and actually the chances of it being successful in late 30s and early 40s are not much different from natural sex. This article was originally published by Get The Gloss and reproduced with their permission.
964351407292809216	2018-02-16 04:11:06	https://t.co/JwCtuiVZHy	Supermassive black hole is spotted feasting on a 40-light-year-wide 'space doughnut' https://t.co/JwCtuiVZHy	 A monstrous black hole has been spotted feasting on what appears to be the universe's largest doughnut, around 47 million light years away. Experts used advanced telescopes here on Earth to capture the massive beast's feeding frenzy, taking place at the centre of the spiral galaxy M77. They found a huge cloud of gas, stretching 40-light-years wide (or 235 trillion miles), giving its structure the appearance of the gigantic ringed confection. Studying the phenomenon could help us to better understand the formation of galaxies and the supermassive black holes that develop at their cores. Scroll down for video A team of researchers, including from the National Observatory of Japan in Tokyo, used the world's most powerful ground based telescope, the Atacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array (Alma) observatory in Chile, to make the finding. Almost all galaxies hold concealed black holes at their center. Researchers have known for a long time that the more massive the galaxy is, the more massive the central black hole is. Host galaxies are 10 billion times bigger than their central black holes, so it should be difficult for the two objects to directly affect each other. To discover how such a relationship could develop, the Japanese team trained Alma's high resolution imaging on the centre of M77. The central region of M77 is an active galactic nucleus (AGN), which means that matter is vigorously falling toward the central supermassive black hole and emitting intense light. AGNs can strongly affect the surrounding environment and are important objects for solving the mystery of the co-evolution of galaxies and their black holes. The research team found a dense cloud of spinning gas, whose shape is technically known as a torus, surrounding M77's black hole. The existence of these clouds of gas has been theorised for decades, but this is the closest look yet astronomers have been able to take. Masatoshi Imanishi, the study's lead author, said: 'To interpret various observational features of AGNs, astronomers have assumed rotating donut-like structures of dusty gas around active supermassive black holes. 'This is called the "unified model" of AGN. However, the dusty gaseous donut is very tiny in appearance. With the high resolution of Alma, now we can directly see the structure.' The Milky Way Galaxy that we call home also has a supermassive black hole at its centre. This black hole is, however, in a very quiet state and only a tiny amount of gas is being sucked into it. To investigate an AGN in detail, astronomers need to observe the centres of distant galaxies. M77 is one of the nearest AGNs, which makes it an ideal candidate. Numerous astronomers have previously peered into its centre but the rotation of the gas doughnut around its black hole has never been seen so clearly, researchers say. Besides the superior resolution of Alma, the choice of what type of molecules being emitted by the celestial phenomenon to observe was key to revealing its structure, according to the team. They chose to observe specific microwave emissions from hydrogen cyanide molecules and formyl ions. These molecules emit microwaves only in dense gas, whereas more frequently observed carbon monoxide emits microwaves under a variety of conditions. The torus around the AGN was assumed to be very dense, and the team's strategy proved this theory was right on the mark. 'Previous observations have revealed the east-west elongation of the dusty gaseous torus,' Dr Imanishi added. 'The dynamics revealed from our Alma data agrees exactly with the expected rotational orientation of the torus.' Interestingly, the distribution of gas around the supermassive black hole is much more complicated than a simple unified model would suggest. The torus seems to have an asymmetry and the rotation is not just following the gravity of the black hole but also contains highly random motion. These facts could indicate the AGN had a violent history, possibly including a merger with a small galaxy. The full findings of the study were published in The Astrophysical Journal Letters. Deep in the Chilean desert, the Atacama Large Millimetre Array, or ALMA, is located in one of the driest places on Earth. At an altitude of 16,400ft, roughly half the cruising height of a jumbo jet and almost four times the height of Ben Nevis, workers had to carry oxygen tanks to complete its construction. Switched on in March 2013, it is the world's most powerful ground based telescope. It is also the highest on the planet and, at almost £1 billion ($1.2 billion), one of the most expensive of its kind.
964336311195840513	2018-02-16 03:11:07	https://t.co/tPQN4crvFw	Grieving mother who wanted to be inseminated with her dead son's sperm is handed twins created from his semen https://t.co/tPQN4crvFw	 A grieving mum who wanted to be artificially inseminated with her dead son's sperm now has twins after being told by doctors she needed a surrogate to complete her dream of 'reincarnating' her child. Rajashree Patil, 49, was informed by doctors that she was unfit for IVF treatment using a sample taken from her son Prathamesh, who died of a deadly tumour. She had wanted to conceive the children herself by being the surrogate mother but doctors said she was medically unfit as she had already begun her menopause. Instead, his semen was used to fertilise an egg which was given by an anonymous donor, who was not related to the family, before being implanted into a close relative. The surrogate has now given birth to twins, and the mother is raising them as her own in Pune, Western India. The surrogate, 35, has now given birth to twins and Rajashree says she will raise the little boy and girl, who are technically her grandchildren, as though they are her own. She called the boy Prathamesh while she named the little girl after her daughter Prisha, who will help her raise the babies in the city of Pune, Maharashtra State, Western India. Rajashree, who works as a teacher, said: 'I was carrying the soul of my son in me and was looking for a body to breathe it into. 'Doctors had preserved my son's semen before they commenced cancer treatment to preempt any negative effects of the medicine used on him. 'Due to this I have been able to get my son back.' Rajashree was very close to Prathamesh who was studying engineering in Germany when he was diagnosed with a brain tumour. Doctors in Germany collected his sperm and put it in storage while Prathamesh went through gruelling cancer treatment, and because he was unmarried he nominated his mother and sister to use his semen sample after his death. Prathamesh managed to complete his master's degree before returning to India for an operation in May 2013. For a while he appeared to be doing well but in February 2016 the cancer returned and by September that year Prathamesh had passed away. In May last year, Rajashree began considering using the sperm to get 'her son back'. Rajashree said: 'I am menopausal, so doctors ruled me out for the pregnancy. A married relative offered to be the surrogate mother and she handed over the twins to me the minute they were born. 'Getting the semen into our custody was not easy and we faced a lot of hurdles. Money and time were serious issues but now I will take the responsibility of these infants. 'I am their mother now.' The twins were born on Monday and since then Rajashree has quick to correct any visitors who have referred to her as their grandmother. A photograph shows the unusual family who have taken extreme steps to keep Prathamesh's memory alive. Rajashree is said to have faced a lot of criticism from her in-laws over her decision but she has been supported by her daughter Prisha throughout the ordeal. Dr Supriya Puranik, head of IVF department at Sahyadri Hospital, said: 'I am happy that through the development of science and new technology we are being able to help people relive their moments of happiness. 'At hospitals, we often see a lot of emotions and happiness whenever a woman delivers a baby and we have come to share in their moments of joy. 'But in this case it was a grief-stricken mother whose son was away for studies when he came down with the fatal disease and succumbed to it. 'We appreciate the kind of spirit she has shown throughout the process and congratulate her on having her son back in the form of these healthy twin babies.' 
964321211982532608	2018-02-16 02:11:07	https://t.co/h3s7SJckVj	Nearly 100 new planets outside our solar system are found by Nasa's hunt for alien life https://t.co/h3s7SJckVj	 Nearly 100 new planets orbiting stars outside our solar system have been found by Nasa's Kepler telescope. Researchers confirmed the presence of the 95 worlds after studying 275 possible candidates from data provided by the probe. Kepler, which is currently on the K2 mission to discover exoplanets, has found thousands of candidates since it was launched almost a decade ago. The latest discovery raises hopes that astronomers may soon find a system similar to our own that hosts alien life. Scroll down for video The study was done by an international team led by Andrew Mayo from the National Space Institute at the Technical University of Denmark. 'By increasing the number of planets discovered with K2 by almost 50 percent, this work will help astronomers dive much deeper into analysing and learning about individual planets, particularly smaller exoplanets,' Dr Mayo told Gizmodo. The Kepler spacecraft was launched in 2009 to hunt for exoplanets in a single patch of sky, but in 2013 a mechanical failure crippled the telescope. However, astronomers and engineers devised a way to repurpose and save the space telescope by changing its field of view periodically. This solution paved the way for the follow up K2 mission, which is still ongoing as the spacecraft searches for exoplanet transits. These transits can be found by registering dips in light caused by the shadow of an exoplanet as it crosses in front of its host star. These dips are indications of exoplanets which must then be examined much closer in order to validate the candidates that are actually exoplanets. The field of exoplanets is relatively young. The first planet orbiting a star similar to our own sun was detected only in 1995. The Kepler mission has spotted thousands of exoplanets since 2014, with 30 planets less than twice the size of Earth now known to orbit within the habitable zones of their stars. Launched from Cape Canaveral on March 7th 2009, the Kepler telescope has helped in the search for planets outside of the solar system. When it was launched it weighed 2,320 lbs (1,052 kg) and is 15.4 feet long by 8.9 feet wide (4.7 m × 2.7 m). The satellite typically looks for 'Earth-like' planets, meaning they are rocky and orbit within the that orbit within the habitable or 'Goldilocks' zone of a star. In total, Kepler has found around 5,000 unconfirmed 'candidate' exoplanets, with a further 2,500 'confirmed' exoplanets that scientists have since shown to be real. Kepler is currently on the 'K2' mission to discover more exoplanets. K2 is the second mission for the spacecraft and was implemented by necessity over desire as two reaction wheels on the spacecraft failed. These wheels control direction and altitude of the spacecraft and help point it in the right direction. The modified mission looks at exoplanets around dim red dwarf stars. While the planet has found thousands of exoplanets during its eight-year mission, five in particular have stuck out. 1) 'Earth 2.0' In 2014 the telescope made one of its biggest discoveries when it spotted exoplanet Kepler-452b, dubbed 'Earth 2.0'. The object shares many characteristics with our planet despite sitting 1,400 light years away. It has a similar size orbit to Earth, receives roughly the same amount of sun light and has same length of year. Experts still aren't sure whether the planet hosts life, but say if plants were transferred there, they would likely survive. 2) The first planet found to orbit two stars Kepler found a planet that orbits two stars, known as a binary star system, in 2011. The system, known as Kepler-16b, is roughly 200 light years from Earth. Experts compared the system to the famous 'double-sunset' pictured on Luke Skywalker's home planet Tatooine in 'Star Wars: A New Hope'. 3) Finding the first habitable planet outside of the solar system Scientists found Kepler-22b in 2011, the first habitable planet found by astronomers outside of the solar system. The habitable super-Earth appears to be a large, rocky planet with a surface temperature of about 72°F (22°C), similar to a spring day on Earth. 4) Discovering a 'super-Earth' The telescope found its first 'super-Earth' in April 2017, a huge planet called LHS 1140b. It orbits a red dwarf star around 40 million light years away, and scientists think it holds giant oceans of magma. 5) Finding the 'Trappist-1' star system The Trappist-1 star system, which hosts a record seven Earth-like planets, was one of the biggest discoveries of 2017. Each of the planets, which orbit a dwarf star just 39 million light years, likely holds water at its surface. Three of the planets have such good conditions that scientists say life may have already evolved on them. Kepler spotted the system in 2016, but scientists revealed the discovery in a series of papers released in February this year. The telescope has an incredibly sensitive instrument known as a photometer that detects the slightest changes in light emitted from stars. It tracks 100,000 stars simultaneously, looking for telltale drops in light intensity that indicate an orbiting planet passing between the satellite and its distant target. When a planet passes in front of a star as viewed from Earth, the event is called a 'transit'. Tiny dips in the brightness of a star during a transit can help scientists determine the orbit and size of the planet, as well as the size of the star. Based on these calculations, scientists can determine whether the planet sits in the star's 'habitable zone', and therefore whether it might host the conditions for alien life to grow. Today some 3,600 exoplanets have been found, ranging from rocky Earth-sized planets to large gas giants like Jupiter. It's difficult work to distinguish which signals are actually coming from exoplanets. Dr Mayo and his colleagues analysed hundreds of signals of potential exoplanets thoroughly to determine which signals were created by exoplanets and which were caused by other sources. 'We found that some of the signals were caused by multiple star systems or noise from the spacecraft. But we also detected planets that range from sub Earth-sized to the size of Jupiter and larger,' said Dr Mayo. One of the planets detected was orbiting a very bright star. 'We validated a planet on a 10 day orbit around a star called HD 212657, which is now the brightest star found by either the Kepler or K2 missions to host a validated planet. 'Planets around bright stars are important because astronomers can learn a lot about them from ground-based observatories,' said Dr Mayo. 'Exoplanets are a very exciting field of space science. As more planets are discovered, astronomers will develop a much better picture of the nature of exoplanets which in turn will allow us to place our own solar system into a galactic context'. The latest study follows news in December that the Kepler probe had found an eighth planet in a distant star system called Kepler 90. This was the first time a faraway star had been found to have the same number of planets orbiting it as our own sun. According to NASA, it confirmed for the first time that distant star systems can be home to 'families as large as our own.' The new planet, estimated to be about 30 percent larger than Earth, is 'not a place you'd like to visit,' said Andrew Vanderburg, astronomer and NASA Sagan Postdoctoral Fellow at The University of Texas, Austin. 'It is probably rocky, and doesn't have a thick atmosphere'. And, temperatures at the surface are 'scorching.' According to Vanderburg, the average surface temperature is likely around 800 degrees Fahrenheit. The Kepler planet hunting satellite has been searching the stars for distant worlds using Google's AI system, which used machine learning to 'find' planets in the Kepler data with up to 96 percent accuracy. Neural networks can be trained on huge amounts of data to determine the difference between objects with great accuracy, the team explained in the teleconference. Much like an AI can learn to spot the difference between cats and dogs, it can spot the difference between patterns associated with planets, and other types of patterns in the cosmos that could be false positives. The star system sits roughly 2,545 light-years from Earth in the constellation Draco, and of the new planets found, Kepler 90i is the 'smallest of the bunch.' The new planet orbits its star once every 14.4 days. But, all of the planets in this system 'tightly' orbit their star, which is thought to be cooler than our own sun, meaning their orbital periods are relatively short. Before the latest AI-guided results, 'Kepler 90 was tied with Trappist-1, with 7 planets each,' says Jessie Dotson, Kepler project scientist at NASA's Ames Research Center in California's Silicon Valley. 'But now, it ties with our own system with the most known number of planets' around a star. 
964309012962512898	2018-02-16 01:22:39	https://t.co/PUL7oLm6Th	Scientists directly observe 'electron showers' that caused Earth's pulsating auroras for the first time https://t.co/PUL7oLm6Th	 As charged particles streaming from the sun collide with Earth’s magnetosphere, interactions with different gases create stunning displays of green, red, and purple that appear to dance across the sky. It's no great mystery what causes these incredible light shows, known as the Northern and Southern Lights, which often spring up over Earth’s poles. But, until now, the process behind a particular type of aurora that appears as though it's 'blinking' has never been observed directly. Using a sensor aboard the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency’s Arase spacecraft, scientists have finally captured a look at the ‘shower of electrons’ falling to Earth, revealing new insight on the mechanisms behind the auroral phenomenon. Scroll down for video Among the different types of auroras are pulsating auroral patches, which commonly appear at dawn. The mechanisms driving the phenomena have long remained elusive – but, with the latest measurements, scientists have pinpointed the interaction between electrons and plasma waves that causes them to appear. ‘Auroral substorms are caused by global reconfiguration in the magnetosphere, which releases stored solar wind energy,’ writes Satoshi Kasahara, an associate professor in the Department of Earth and Planetary Science at the Graduate School of Science of the University of Tokyo. ‘They are characterized by auroral brightening from dusk to midnight, followed by violent motions of distinct auroral arcs that eventually break up, and emerge as diffuse, pulsating auroral patches at dawn.’ The new observations were made possible with a specialized sensor developed by the team. This sensor was aboard the Exploration of energization and Radiation in Geospace (ERG) satellite, also known as Arase. With this, the researchers were able to observe the interactions of auroral electrons driven by chorus waves. ‘We, for the first time, directly observed scattering of electrons by chorus waves generating particle precipitation into the Earth’s atmosphere,’ Kasahara says. Solar storms, or solar activity, can be divided into four main components that can have impacts on Earth: While these may seem dangerous, astronauts are not in immediate danger of these phenomena because of the relatively low orbit of manned missions. However, they do have to be concerned about cumulative exposure during space walks. The damage caused by solar storms Solar flares can damage satellites and have an enormous financial cost. The charged particles can also threaten airlines by disturbing Earth's magnetic field. Very large flares can even create currents within electricity grids and knock out energy supplies. When Coronal Mass Ejections strike Earth they cause geomagnetic storms and enhanced aurora. They can disrupt radio waves, GPS coordinates and overload electrical systems. A large influx of energy could flow into high voltage power grids and permanently damage transformers. This could shut off businesses and homes around the world. Source: NASA - Solar Storm and Space Weather ‘The precipitating electron flux was sufficiently intense to generate pulsating aurora.’ ‘By analyzing data collected by the ERG spacecraft more comprehensively, we will reveal the variability and further details of plasma physics and resulting atmospheric phenomena, such as auroras,’ Kasahara says. A solar storm is expected to make its way to Earth today, with potential to spark stunning auroras in areas of higher latitudes. According to the NOAA, the forecast suggests the solar storm will be a G-1 or 'minor' storm, which could become a G-2 'moderate storm' depending on how the charged particles hit Earth. 
964261560553299969	2018-02-15 22:14:05	https://t.co/XwwckJQX0j	Iran may be using 'weaponised' apps on Apple and Google stores to spy on MILLIONS of users https://t.co/XwwckJQX0j	 Iran could be secretly spying on millions of users in the US, UK and around the world who have downloaded covertly state-sponsored applications on Apple and Google's app stores. That's according to a new report from the National Council of Resistance of Iran (NCRI), a political group that opposes the Iranian regime, published on Thursday. The report claims that the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) has created spyware-enabled apps for 'cyber-surveillance and repression' that are available on the App Store, the Google Play Store and GitHub with the goal of 'monitoring and preventing' new political uprisings. Specifically, it calls out Mobogram, an instant messenger app available on the App Store and the Google Play Store, as a 'weaponized' application developed and monitored by the Iranian regime. Mail Online has reached out to Apple and Google for comment. 'The IRGC has weaponized western cyber technology to target its own people as the population is engaged in the uprising to free the country,' said Alireza Jafarzadeh, the deputy director of the NCRI's Washington office, in a statement to Mail Online. 'The Iranian regime is currently hard at work to test the success of these apps on the people of Iran first.' 'If not confronted, its next victims will be the people of other nations,' he added. Mobogram is ranked 156th on Apple's App Store charts for 'Social Networking Apps' in the US, according to analytics company App Annie. Mobogram is an 'unofficial Telegram fork,' or an application that's created based on another application's software, NCRI noted. But Pavel Durov, who founded the Russian end-to-end encryption messenger Telegram, has warned users to stay away from Mobogram, saying it may be insecure. Smartphone users in Iran have turned to apps like Mobogram after Telegram was temporarily blocked inside the country during anti-establishment protests last December. The majority of users in Iran use Telegram to communicate, instead of apps like Twitter or Facebook. Telegram has about 40 million monthly users in the country out of Iran's roughly 45 million overall online users, according to Politico. Durov has also said that Iranian government wanted him to help them use Telegram to spy on users, a request he refused to comply with, Gizmodo noted. Family members who live outside Iran will often use Mobogram and other Telegram spinoffs as a way to communicate with relatives who still live there. The NCRI claims those users are likely victims of a mass surveillance project by the Iranian military, wherein state officials are using 'malicious codes embedded in IRGC mobile apps to actively monitor and disrupt the communications of protesters and dissidents.' The National Council of Resistance of Iran claims that the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) has created spyware-enabled apps for 'cyber-surveillance and repression'. Many of these apps are available on Apple's App Store and the Google Play Store, as well as sites like GitHub. Internet users have started using some third-party apps as applications like Telegram and Instagram were temporarily banned . Friends and family members who live outside Iran are also using the apps to communicate with relatives who still live inside the country. 'The Iranian regime is currently hard at work to test the success of these apps on the people of Iran first,' said Alireza Jafarzadeh, the deputy director of the NCRI's Washington office. But it's likely that these apps have been used by people outside Iran, which increases the risk that their activity and personal data is being monitored by the Iranian government. 'With the recent uprising, the Iranian regime is now complementing its network surveillance with stateful endpoint (mobile device) monitoring of content, context and contacts to counter the expansion of the uprising and to avert more protests,' the NCRI explained. What's more the NCRI claims that Mobogram is being distributed by a 'homegrown market place,' called Café Bazaar, that's supervised by the IRGC. Café Bazaar is modeled after the Google Play Store and features tens of thousands of apps, according to the company's website. 'It is the IRGC's platform of choice to promote and distribute spyware enabled apps,' the NCRI claims. Jafarzadeh says the Iranian regime can use the compromised apps to discover users' phone number, address and other sensitive information because they have access to information on users' SIM card. The Iranian regime has used the spyware to 'threaten, arrest, torture and kill people,' he told the Sun. In total, the NCRI believes the regime has developed about 100 apps that are embedded with the malicious spyware, including Mobogram, Hotgram, Wispi and other Telegram variations. Along with Telegram, the Iranian regime also blocked Instagram during the uprising late last year. The anti-government protests erupted due to citizens' outrage around the government's repressive policies, as well as anxieties tied to the country's economic downturn. 
964250727320309760	2018-02-15 21:31:02	https://t.co/vpjrkIPvkz	Orangutan population in Borneo has HALVED in just 16 years https://t.co/vpjrkIPvkz	 Nearly 150,000 orangutans from the island of Borneo have disappeared in just 16 years. Between 1999 and 2016 over half of the population of the endangered apes have perished on the South-East Asia island. Many of those losses were apparently driven by the demand for logging, oil palm, mining, paper, hunting and the resulting deforestation. The study from the Max Plank institute of evolutionary anthropology shows that the orange apes have disappeared from in tact, forested areas as well as areas destroyed by humans. The Bornean orangutan is categorised as 'critically endangered' on the official IUCN Red List. Researchers said the results show that not only were there more orangutans on Borneo than previously estimated, but, worryingly, the apes are disappearing at an even faster rate than thought. Study lead author Maria Voigt said: 'The decline in population density was most severe in areas that were deforested or transformed for industrial agriculture, as orangutans struggle to live outside forest areas. 'Worryingly, however, the largest number of orangutans were lost from areas that remained forested during the study period. This implies a large role of killing.' The scientists said the most dramatic rates of decline in orangutan populations were found in deforested areas and in areas converted into agricultural land But the findings suggest that hunting and other direct conflicts between orangutans and people remain a major threat to the species. To estimate changes in the size of the orangutan population over time, researchers representing 38 international institutions, including Liverpool John Moores University, compiled field surveys conducted from 1999 to 2015. They extrapolated the overall size of the island's population from the number of orangutan nests observed throughout the species' range in Borneo. All told, the team observed 36,555 nests and estimated a loss of 148,500 Bornean orangutans between 1999 and 2015. The figures also suggest that nearly half of spatially separated groups around the island now include more than 100 individuals. As 100 animals is the lower limit to be considered viable, the long-term sustainability of the species is at risk. To identify the likely causes of the losses, the researchers relied on maps to show land coverage over the 16 year window. By comparing orangutan numbers and habitat losses the study found that land clearance had the most devastating affect on orangutan numbers. A much larger number of orangutans were lost in selectively logged and primary forests. Experts claim that by 2015, about half of the orangutans that lived on the island in 1999 were found in areas that have since caused significant changes to the environment. Based on predicted loss of habitat, the researchers predict 45,000 more orangutans will be lost over the next 35 years. Emma Keller, agricultural commodities manager for the WWF told MailOnline: 'Orangutans are disappearing at an alarming rate. 'Their forests homes have been lost and degraded, and hunting threatens the existence of this magnificent great ape. 'Immediate action is needed to reform industries that have pushed orangutans to the brink of extinction.' They say that effective partnerships with logging companies and other industries are now essential to the Bornean orangutan's survival. Public education and awareness will also be key. Study co-author Dr Serge Wich, of Liverpool John Moores University, said: 'Orangutans are flexible and can survive to some extent in a mosaic of forests, plantations, and logged forest, but only when they are not killed. 'The one thing they cannot cope with, however, is the high killing rates seen currently. 'Orangutans are a very slow breeding species, and models used in previous studies indicate that if only one in 100 adult orangutans is removed from a population per year, this population has a high likeliness to go extinct'. The researchers said that Indonesia and Malaysia are both currently developing long-term action plans for orangutan conservation. By taking into account past failures, the hope is that new strategies to protect orangutans can be developed and implemented. A new species of orangutan was discovered in 2017. The first indications of the uniqueness of the new species came from the skeletal material of an adult male orangutan killed in 2013. When compared to other skulls certain characteristics of the teeth and skull were unique. Previous study results combined with the new genome sequencing of 37 orangutans showed a picture that was consistent with the morphological findings. Computer modelling aimed at reconstructing the history of the orangutan population enabled the researchers to verify their new findings. Their calculations showed that the Tapanuli population was isolated from all other Sumatran populations of orangutans for at least 10,000 to 20,000 years.
964245715714297856	2018-02-15 21:11:08	https://t.co/VDrG171Mdt	Scientists successfully immunize mice against breast cancer in groundbreaking new study  https://t.co/VDrG171Mdt	 A vaccine made of stem cells taught the immune systems of mice to fight cancer, in a study that may pave the way to preventing the disease in humans. Stem cells share similarities with cancer, so researchers used them to teach the bodies of the mice to recognize and fight the disease. The 'vaccine,' developed by researchers at Stanford University, plus an immunity-boosting agent shrunk tumors in the majority of the mice, and two of them beat the cancer entirely. The scientists say that their new method shows promise as a personalized way to someday preventatively immunize humans against their own cancers. Cancer occurs when cells start multiplying and growing out of control. Scientists discovered that, as healthy cells undergo this change, they revert back to a state very similar to their early development stages. Vaccines work to prevent infections by introducing a similar but less harmful germs to the body so that our immune systems get a sort of primer course on what these illnesses look like and how to fight them. So the Stanford researchers posited that the pre-cancer-like developmental cells could work in much the same way, preparing immune cells to be on high alert for cells that might be ready to turn to tumors. To test their theory, they used easy-to-extract skin and blood cells from mice to create induced pluripotent stem (iPS) cells by giving them a sort of genetic bath that rewound their developmental clocks. These are sometimes called 'master' cells because, in the early stages of a fetus's development, pluripotent cells are poised to morph into any kind of tissue. Because they are so malleable, they can also turn into a type of tumor called a teratoma - which is essentially a set of random tissues that develops in places in the body where none of those tissues belong. If iPS cells can become a teratoma they can also become just about any other kind of cell, so the researchers made sure the reverted mouse cells could do so, then blasted them with radiation to make sure they wouldn't once they were injected back into the animals. The researchers tested their inoculation idea on four groups of mice: one set got a placebo injection, another got just the specially prepared iPS 'vaccine' made from their own cells, one group got just an immunity-booster (called an adjuvant and used to improve the effectiveness of many vaccines) and group got a combination of the vaccine and the booster. Once the mice had been inoculated (or not, in the case of the control group), the study authors transplanted breast cancer cells into them and waited to see if the iPS cells had taught their bodies to put up a fight. Stem cells are the basic, undifferentiated cells in embryos that will later become every tissue in the body. Since every cell in the body developed from stem cells at some point, tissues from a fully developed animal (or human) can be reverted back to their immature state by giving them a sort of genetic bath. These malleable cells are not unlike early cancer cells, which multiply rapidly - just as happens in developing embryos Scientists can use stem cells with healthy DNA to encourage reprogramming within the body, and, the new study suggests, to teach the immune system to fight cancer before it starts growing. When combined with the immunity-boosting adjuvant, the iPS vaccination shrunk tumors in seven out of the 10 mince that got that treatment. The treatment was so effective that the immune systems of two mice performed perfect search and destroy missions, fully 'rejecting' the tumors that had begun to grow. 'Once activated, the immune system is on alert to target cancers as they develop throughout the body,' said lead study author Dr Nigel Kooreman. Those two went on to live healthily for another year – a full life, considering that mice typically only survive two to three years in labs. Shrinking tumors and improved survival rates meant that introducing the iPS cells taught cancer-killing T cells to find and kill the faulty, diseased cells. 'When we immunized an animal with genetically matching iPS cells, the immune system could be primed to reject the development of tumors in the future,' said senior study author and profess of cardiology and radiology, Dr Joseph Wu. 'Pending replication in humans, our findings indicate these cells may one day serve as a true patient-specific cancer vaccine,' he added. Because each mouse was injected with a vaccine made from its own, genetically-identical cells, there was very little risk that the immune system would attack the iPS cells before it had a chance to learn to kill cancer. 'Reprogramming the immune system to stop the development of tumors may save countless numbers of lives as well as spare many from grueling, debilitating treatment,' said Jane Murphy, a clinical nurse specialist at Breast Cancer Care in the UK said. The anti-cancer shot could also be rejection-proof and personalized, offering fewer risks and better efficacy for possible future patients. 'Although much research remains to be done, the concept itself is pretty simple,' Dr Wu said. 'We would take your blood, make iPS cells and then inject the cells to prevent future cancers. I'm very excited about the future possibilities,' he added. 
964235661380411394	2018-02-15 20:31:10	https://t.co/0NEXiYSqca	World's tallest WOODEN skyscraper reaching 1,148ft will be built in Tokyo in 2041 https://t.co/0NEXiYSqca https://t.co/mPneJtnsZW	 Japanese architects have unveiled plans for the world's tallest wooden skyscraper. The 1,148-feet (350-metre) tower, housing shops, homes, offices and a hotel, will become the tallest building in Japan when it is completed in 2041. Positioned in central Tokyo, the aim of the £4.2 billion ($5.9 billion) structure is to turn the Japanese capital into an environment-friendly city and help 'transform the city into a forest', architects behind the plans said. Designs for the structure were drawn up by Tokyo-based architectural firm Nikken Sikkei, but the building will be constructed by the Forestry arm of the Sumitomo Group, one of Japan's largest business conglomerates. Currently referred to as the W350 Project, named after its height, it is not clear which wood or woods have been chosen as the building material. The tower has 70 stories above ground and is made of a combination of wood and steel, with more than 6.5 million cubic feet (0.2 million cubic metres) of wood making up 90 per cent of the construction material. Nikken Sekkei's plans outline a braced tube structure that is able to withstand strong winds, as well as Japan's frequent earthquakes. As well as offices, a hotel, shops and residential units, the completed tower will feature a garden roof, balconies covered with greenery, water features and large internal open spaces filled with natural light. Brock Commons Tallwood House, a 174-foot-high (53-metre) student accommodation tower opened at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver, Canada, last autumn, holds the current record for the world's tallest primarily wooden building. The W350 project is a £4.2 billion ($5.9 billion) wooden skyscraper set to be built in Tokyo, Japan. At 1,148 feet (350 metres) tall, the tower will be both the tallest building in Japan and the highest wooden structure in the world when it opens in 2041. With 70 stories above ground, it will be made of a combination of wood and steel, with more than 6.5 million cubic feet (0.2 million cubic metres) of wood making up 90 per cent of the construction material. As well as offices, a hotel, shops and residential units, the tower will feature a garden roof, balconies covered with greenery, water features and large internal open spaces filled with natural light. Designs for the structure were drawn up by Tokyo-based architectural firm Nikken Sikkei, but the building will be constructed by the Forestry arm of the Sumitomo Group, one of Japan's largest business conglomerates. The aim of the structure is to turn the Japanese capital into an environment-friendly city and help 'transform the town into a forest', according to the architects behind the plans. It is not yet clear what type of wood will be used in construction of the building, though most large wooden structures today use cross-laminated timber, an engineered wood system with the strength and stability of steel. The 24-storey HoHo Tower is set to top this when it opens later this year in Vienna, Austria, with the structure set to reach 275 feet (84 metres) high upon completion. Housing office units, apartments and a hotel, 76 per cent of the building will be constructed from wood, saving 2,800 tonnes of carbon dioxide emissions over similar structures built out of steel and concrete. A rising number of architectural firms across the globe are turning to wood as their primary construction material, though few match the ambitions of the W350 Project. 'New technological advances with construction techniques and composite wood make this a very exciting area at the moment', Riccardo Tossani, who designed a retirement home on Mount Fuji that is the current largest habitable wood structure in Japan, told the Telegraph. 'It is in many ways the ideal material because it is a renewable resource as well as being somewhat recyclable.' Before construction of the W350 Project begins, Sumitomo Forestry Co must first traverse stringent Japanese fire regulations. Despite relying on wood to build houses for generations, Japan has largely banned the material in construction because of its flammability - a weakness laid bare by firebomb raids on major cities during World War II. But officials have recently begun to loosen these regulations: Japan's new national stadium currently under construction in central Tokyo for the 2020 Olympics Games uses wood in the design. 'For Japan, it is an excellent building material because it is readily available, it is pliable and appropriate for a seismic environment,' Mr Tossani said. 'Wood gives or flexes with movement in the ground or absorbs movement in its joints; concrete is rigid and does not have that flexibility, so it can crumble'.
964230619180994560	2018-02-15 20:11:08	https://t.co/YFnqtBbqrk	Revealed: The 10 most 'urgent' virus crisis threats https://t.co/YFnqtBbqrk	 Ten killer viruses that pose the most 'urgent' threat to humanity have been revealed by concerned experts. The World Health Organization has released its annual list of lethal pathogens that research should be fast-tracked for. Ebola and Zika, which both have caused brutal pandemics in the past four years, were named amid fears they could strike again. For the first time ever, 'Disease X' - representing a pathogen currently unknown to scientists - was mentioned by the WHO. The list, published this week, comes amid mounting fears of a global pandemic, with experts concerned about the flu season that rocked the world. Dr Tedros Adhanom, director general of the WHO, warned earlier this week humanity is 'vulnerable' to an outbreak that could kill millions. 'Not in any order' Announcing the list of 'prioritised diseases', a statement on the WHO's website read: 'The order of diseases on this list does not denote any ranking of priority. 'This is not an exhaustive list, nor does it indicate the most likely causes of the next epidemic.' The list was not in an alphabetical order. Crimean Congo haemorrhagic fever, which kills 40 per cent of those it strikes and was recently spotted in Uganda, made its way onto the list. Officials are also concerned about Marburg virus, considered to be one of the most deadly pathogens in existence. It also rocked the African nation in November. The other five lethal diseases mentioned on the list of needing urgent action include: Lassa fever, MERS, SARS, Nipah virus and Rift Valley fever. In February 2018, The World Health Organization released its annual list of lethal bugs that they warned there is an 'urgent' need to accelerate research into. The ones that they prioritised were: It is the first time 'Disease X' has made its way onto the list, which is compiled by a branch of the WHO that aims to fast-track disease research. WHO said: 'Disease X represents the knowledge that a serious international epidemic could be caused by a pathogen currently unknown to cause human disease. 'And so the R&D Blueprint explicitly seeks to enable cross-cutting R&D preparedness that is also relevant for an unknown “Disease X” as far as possible.' Dropped off the list... Severe Fever with Thrombocytopenia Syndrome (SFTS), first spotted in China just seven years ago, has been dropped from this year's urgent list, the third of its kind. While the WHO warned SFTS and 14 other viruses pose a 'major' threat to humanity, but there isn't an 'urgent' need for accelerated research. Flu concerns Flu was included on the list of prioritised diseases. The killer virus has caused havoc around the world so far this winter, gripping the US, UK and Australia. This year marks the 100 year anniversary of the 1918 Spanish flu pandemic, which killed 50 million people across the world - three times more than World War 1. Chikungunya, monkeypox, emergent non-polio enteroviruses (including EV71, D68), leptospirosis, dengue, yellow fever and HIV/AIDs were included. And tuberculosis, malaria, smallpox, cholera, leishmaniasis, West Nile Virus and even plague also made it onto the secondary list. The latter prompted international concerns in autumn last year, after triggering the 'worst outbreak in 50 years' in Madagascar, killing more than 200 people. 
964227184838758402	2018-02-15 19:57:29	https://t.co/ZauD2SOYp3	At least three workers are killed in huge Bangalore building collapse https://t.co/ZauD2SOYp3 https://t.co/ZbQe3Xdxnm	 A five-storey building under construction has collapsed in southern India, killing at least three workers and trapping several others, a fire official said. M.N. Reddi said at least seven people have been rescued from the building, which collapsed in eastern Bangalore, a hub of India's information technology industry, in Karnataka state. The Press Trust of India news agency said construction work started six years ago but stopped half way through and only resumed recently. The cause of the collapse is being investigated. Reddi said rescue work is continuing. Building collapses are common in India. High demand and lax regulations encourage some builders to use substandard materials or add unauthorized extra floors. Most cities in India have been hit by deadly building collapses in recent years, often caused by shoddy construction, poor quality materials or ageing buildings. The problem is exacerbated because millions are forced to live in cramped, ramshackle properties because of spiralling real estate prices and a lack of housing for the poor. Activists say housing societies, private owners and builders often cut corners to save on costs. Rent control acts mean landlords cannot afford to maintain buildings while poor people choose to remain in homes even after they have been declared unsafe because they have nowhere else to go. 
964223059258421248	2018-02-15 19:41:06	https://t.co/g0QUvSUE1Y	Facebook will launch duo of video chatting devices code-named ‘Aloha’ and ‘Fiona’ by July, report claims https://t.co/g0QUvSUE1Y	 Two Facebook-branded smart speakers could be hitting the shelves as soon as July. The devices, codenamed Aloha and Fiona, will be outfitted with 15-inch touchscreens and aimed at helping family and friends stay in touch, DigiTimes reported, citing sources close to the situation. Facebook's smart speakers are expected to arrive in mid-2018 or by July at the latest. Both devices will have touchscreens made by LG, but Aloha will be 'more sophisticated' than Fiona, DigiTimes noted. Scroll down for video Aloha is the nickname for the device that will ultimately be marketed as 'Portal' -- a name that's been previously reported -- and will use voice commands, as well as other advanced features like facial recognition. The facial recognition technology would be housed in a wide-angle lens on the front of the device that's capable of identifying users to instantly log them into Facebook. The Portal device will be equipped with added social media functions and Facebook has signed deals with Sony and Universal Music to 'enrich the device's applications,' DigiTimes added. It's been rumored for several months that the social media giant has been designing some kind of video chatting or smart speaker device. Previous reports indicated that the Portal device would feature a laptop-sized touchscreen and smart camera technology boosted by artificial intelligence. The devices have been speculated to cost an upwards of $499 (£370), making them much pricier than similar products currently on the market, such as Amazon's $39 (£27) Echo Dot. Facebook is reportedly creating a pair of smart speakers - the 'more sophisticated' of which, nicknamed Aloha, will eventually be known as Facebook Portal. The device will feature a wide-angle camera, microphone, and speakers boosted by artificial intelligence, and it will be geared for communal use in the living room. A version in testing would enable the camera to automatically scan for faces in the room and link them to their Facebook accounts. Like Amazon's screen-equipped Echo Show, the device will be controlled by voice-command and designed for indoor use. Facebook intends to let Portal access third-party streaming services like Spotify and Netflix, the report claims. While Facebook itself has not confirmed any rumours, Andrew Bosworth, the company's Vice President of augmented and virtual reality, wrote on Twitter: 'Can’t comment on speculation but can confirm it's going to be an exciting year for AR/VR. #F8'. The comment suggests Facebook could announce Portal in May at the company's F8 developer conference. They're reportedly being developed by Facebook's secretive Building 8 hardware lab, which launched last year to develop such products. Facebook was initially planning to release the devices in May, but later pushed back the launch date in order to perfect their audio and software, DigiTimes said. Portal and Fiona would be Facebook's first consumer hardware devices and could potentially give them a foothold in the crowded smart speaker market. That market is currently dominated by Amazon and Google, which have released several voice-activated devices over the years. Google hasn't released a touchscreen smart speaker, but Amazon has an early lead in that area with its screen-equipped Echo Show. If Facebook's Portal device truly features a 15-inch screen, it would more than double the Echo Show in size, which measures up at roughly 7 inches. Facebook may position its smart speaker devices differently than Amazon and Google, however. Last August, Bloomberg reported that Facebook intends to create a Siri-style voice assistant that would be integrated into a smart speaker device, adding that the firm had hired several product veterans away from Apple to help develop that technology. Since then, a report from Cheddar speculated that Facebook would instead try to position the device as a way for families and friends to stay connected through video chatting and various features. But it would also perform other, traditional functions, like allowing users to access third-party streaming services like Spotify and Netflix. Facebook has yet comment on any of the rumors, but Andrew Bosworth, the company's vice president of augmented and virtual reality, recently tweeted that some exciting things could be coming at the firm's F8 annual developer conference in May. Sources told Bloomberg that the Portal and Fiona devices could possibly run a version of the Android operating system instead of Facebook building its own software. Facebook would also equip the Portal with sophisticated, 360-degree cameras that can scan for people nearby and 'lock onto them,' the report claims. It's possible that this could raise privacy concerns, however. The firm has already faced criticisms around its user tracking technologies, which it uses to serve up advertisements catered to a user's interests, location, personal information and other data. 
964212991209205760	2018-02-15 19:01:05	https://t.co/EftodQtBrI	EU orders Facebook, Google, and Twitter to 'do more' to make the sites safer for consumers https://t.co/EftodQtBrI	 Europe's justice commissioner told Facebook, Twitter and Google on Thursday to do more to bring their user terms in line with EU law, ramping up pressure on the tech giants after their efforts were deemed too little. The European Union executive and consumer protection authorities said the three companies have only partially addressed concerns about their liability and how users were informed about content removal or contract terminations. The authorities across the bloc, who requested the changes last year, have the power to fine the firms if they do not comply. European Commissioner Vera Jourova said the use of social media networks as advertising and commercial platforms meant they faced the same rules as offline service providers. 'EU consumer rules should be respected and if companies don't comply, they should face sanctions,' Jourova said in a statement. 'Some companies are now making their platforms safer for consumers; however, it is unacceptable that this is still not complete and it is taking so much time.' Facebook said it had worked with EU authorities to make changes to its terms and to ensure greater transparency. It said further updates of the terms were planned later this year. 'We have long had tools in place to inform people about content removals and intend to expand these tools later this year,' a Facebook spokeswoman said. A Google spokesman declined to comment and Twitter did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The Commission said the U.S. trio had agreed to amend some terms that limit their liability, waive a users right to withdraw from online purchases and force European consumers to seek redress in California, where the firms are based, instead of the consumer's home country. Facebook's privacy principles, which are separate from its terms and conditions, outline how the company handles users' information. The company published the rules online for the first time in January 2018 ahead of a tough new EU data protection law. 1) We give you control of your privacy: Facebook users should have the option to make choices about their privacy and know where to go to change their privacy settings. 2) We help people understand how their data is used: The firm describes how it uses people's data in its Data Policy but also includes features such as 'ad controls' in the top right corner of every advertisement. 3) We design privacy into our products from the outset: Facebook says it designs privacy into its services with guidance from experts in data protection and privacy law, security, engineering, public policy, and more. 4) We work hard to keep your information secure: The company says it works around the clock' to help protect people's accounts and build security into every Facebook product. 5) You own and can delete your information: You decide what you share and who you share it with on Facebook, and can delete posts and your account at any time. Deleting removes data from your timeline and Facebook's servers. 6) Improvement is constant: Facebook says it is 'constantly working' to develop new controls and explain them to people clearly. It works with experts beyond Facebook including designers, privacy professionals and regulators. 7) We are accountable: Facebook undertakes privacy reviews, data security testing, and meets with regulators, legislators and privacy experts to get input on data practices and policies, the company said. They have also agreed to change terms that release the social media firms from the duty of identifying commercial and sponsored content, the Commission said. U.S. technology companies have faced tight scrutiny in Europe for the way they do business, from privacy issues to how quickly they remove illegal or threatening content. The Commission said national authorities would monitor the implementation of changes made, make use of the procedures offered by the companies to handle illegal content and 'may take action including enforcement measures where necessary.'
964207957734055937	2018-02-15 18:41:05	https://t.co/PIRERyK7rS	Hungry young leopard misses out on lunch after zebra escapes with a flying kick https://t.co/PIRERyK7rS	 These stunning pictures show a young leopard in Kenya learning a hard lesson as he tried and failed to pounce on a topi and a zebra. The juvenile leopard was positioned lying perfectly still in the rocks of a waterhole used by potential prey, before launching out at a 150kg topi antelope three times its weight. But after trying to sink his claws into the topi's rump he was shaken aside by the larger animal, before pouncing on a small herd of zebra stallions, one of whom saw him off with a flying hoof kick. The leopard's failed attempts at hunting were captured by Paul Goldstein in Kenya's Maasai Mara last month. The wildlife photographer, from Wimbledon, said: 'In January, around mid-morning the Maasai Mara is hot, not normally the time you would expect a leopard to be hunting. 'This is a young male leopard of about 20 months and had no business even contemplating taking on such large adversaries. 'This was a mismatch but intensely exciting. The leopard then slunk off to the bushes with its tail firmly between its legs and slept for the rest of the day. It took me and everyone else much longer to calm down.' Paul was working as a guide for Exodus Travels and Kicheche Bush Camp, which he co-owns. 
964197921532104705	2018-02-15 18:01:13	https://t.co/mPhIR5xGPT	Norwegian sets transatlantic speed record AGAIN https://t.co/mPhIR5xGPT	 Norwegian has broken its own record for the fastest subsonic transatlantic flight from New York to London, completing the journey in just five hours and nine minutes. The Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner, registered as G-CJGI and captained by Gatwick-based Martin Wood, beat the record set in January by four minutes after reaching 799mph on the crossing. The flight left JFK on Thursday February 8 and was able to touch down at Gatwick airport around an hour ahead of time thanks to a ferocious jet stream. Captain Wood said: 'This is certainly a monumental coup for Norwegian as we’ve gone from fast growing to fastest-going. We flew at 33,000ft, right in the core of the jet stream at 193kts (222mph), which was surprisingly smooth and pushed us toward breaking the transatlantic flight record time again on our brand new Boeing 787 Dreamliner.' In January, a Norwegian Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner was able to reach a top speed of 776mph as it hurtled across the Atlantic Ocean after being pushed on the 3,458-mile journey by an extra strong jet stream that at times reached 202mph. This meant that its service from JFK to London Gatwick only took a total of five hours and 13 minutes, shaving 53 minutes off the expected flight duration. This flight broke the record previously set by a British Airways aircraft in January 2015, which was able to fly from JFK to London Heathrow in five hours and 16 minutes. The Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner aircraft (G-CKHL) used on the then record-breaking transatlantic flight adorns British tail fin hero Amy Johnson, a pioneering pilot who was the first female to fly solo from England to Australia in 1930. Norwegian, Europe's third largest low-cost carrier, operates double daily flights between London and New York using the state-of-the-art Boeing 787 Dreamliner. The January 15 departure saw 284 passengers leave JFK at 11.44am local time before arriving in London at 9.57pm GMT. At the controls was Captain Harold van Dam, who revealed a more impressive record could have been achieved, but turbulence hindered them. Captain van Dam said at the time: 'The 787 Dreamliner is a pleasure to fly and it’s a great feeling to know that we have set a new record in this aircraft. 'We were actually in the air for just over five hours and if it had not been for forecasted turbulence at lower altitude, we could have flown even faster.' Despite the speed achieved being more than the speed of sound, the flight didn't actually go supersonic because the plane was travelling in a body of air that was already fast-moving, which increased the velocity needed to break the sound barrier. Captain Van Dam told MailOnline Travel: 'When flying we record groundspeed - like a car travelling on the ground - and airspeed due to the varying wind speeds experienced during flight. The highest groundspeed during the flight was 776mph, more than the speed of sound, however, airspeed is actually slower than groundspeed. 'Therefore, our airspeed was at Mach 0.85, below Mach 1.0 needed to go supersonic and break the sound barrier.' The day before the record breaking flight, fellow Gatwick-based captain Pascal Niewold was in charge of another New York to London flight that had a flight time of just five hours and 20 minutes - just four minutes short of the previous record by BA. That flight was helped by a maximum tailwind of 224mph and reached an even faster top speed of 779mph. And Captain Niewold added: 'The passengers and crew were very pleasantly surprised that we were already landing in London. 'It was a very smooth flight with almost no turbulence and as a result of the jet stream we arrived 25 minutes early.' However, the fastest ever transatlantic crossing by a passenger plane was in February 1996, when a British Airways Concorde flight from New York to London took just two hours, 52 minutes and 59 seconds. That day, the supersonic jet was able to reach a top speed of 1,350mph as it hurtled across the ocean. In 1979 a VC-10 passenger plane, now preserved at Duxford Air Museum, completed a journey from JFK to Glasgow Prestwick in an even quicker time than Norwegian's Dreamliners - just five hours and one minute, the captain claimed. Though the journey was 243 miles shorter. The winter months can often mean that transatlantic flights from the US to Europe become shorter thanks to the jet stream across the ocean intensifying. This is due to the temperature contrast between the equator and the North Pole being at its greatest, which can lead to wind increases across the Atlantic. However, the strength of the jet stream only increases in one direction and passengers travelling from Europe to the US may even see their flight times increase.
964195146928721920	2018-02-15 17:50:11	https://t.co/rLRRuF9UWE	Huge solar storm will slam Earth TODAY https://t.co/rLRRuF9UWE	 A massive solar storm is making its way towards Earth, and it's likely to hit today. The storm was created by a solar flare - a large explosion in the sun's atmosphere - which generated charged particles earlier this week. The charged particles from the sun are moving towards Earth, and they could disrupt power grids, spacecraft and satellite operations. The solar particles are expected to hit Earth either today or tomorrow, and they will also likely trigger auroras for people living in higher latitudes. Scroll down for video 'Aurora may be visible at high latitudes,' the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration wrote in a statment. This may include the 'northern tier' of the US, with affected states including parts of Michigan and Maine. The NOAA says that the forecast suggests the solar storm will be a G-1 or 'minor' storm, which could become a G-2 'moderate storm' depending on how the charged particles hit Earth. Geomagnetic storms are ranked on a severity scale, with G at the bottom, R in the middle and S at the top. The particles, which came from the sun after a solar flare took place on February 12, could cause 'weak power grid fluctuations' and a 'minor impact on satellite operations,' according to the NOAA. NASA and the NOAA keep a track of solar events using many different telescopes which help generate geomagnetic weather forecasts. Researchers also study the sun to learn more about its structure as well as obtain data to make predictions about different types of solar events, such as solar flares and Coronal Mass Ejections, which are large clouds of plasma and magnetic field that erupt from the sun. Solar flares and particles ejected via coronal mass jections are associated with dark spots on the sun's surface. These are areas of intense magnetic activity, and when the magnetic fields in a sunspot cross each other, it can result in an energy explosion, known as a solar flare, which sends radiation into space. Solar storms, or solar activity, can be divided into four main components that can have impacts on Earth: While these may seem dangerous, astronauts are not in immediate danger of these phenomena because of the relatively low orbit of manned missions. However, they do have to be concerned about cumulative exposure during space walks. The damage caused by solar storms Solar flares can damage satellites and have an enormous financial cost. The charged particles can also threaten airlines by disturbing Earth's magnetic field. Very large flares can even create currents within electricity grids and knock out energy supplies. When Coronal Mass Ejections strike Earth they cause geomagnetic storms and enhanced aurora. They can disrupt radio waves, GPS coordinates and overload electrical systems. A large influx of energy could flow into high voltage power grids and permanently damage transformers. This could shut off businesses and homes around the world. Source: NASA - Solar Storm and Space Weather Solar flares only impact Earth when they occur on the side of the sun facing the Earth. Sometimes, these explosions can send out coronal mass ejections - large clouds of plasma and magnetic field that erupt from the sun. These clouds can erupt in any direction, and then continue on in that direction, plowing through solar wind, but they only cause impacts to Earth when they're aimed at Earth. Forecasters monitor these events, and when a storm looks likely to have a significant impact, engineers can shut down certain systems on satellites, or prepare for impacts on the power grid. The sun has an 11-year cycle of sunspot activity, with the last maximum having taken place in April 2014. This summer, NASA is set to launch a spacecraft called Parker Solar Probe, which will travel closer to the sun than any other previous mission. It will fly by Venus and travel into the corona - the sun's upper atmosphere, with the aim of learning more about the particles that are ejected by the sun. 
964192860378628096	2018-02-15 17:41:06	https://t.co/Lh2Eu8SA8U	A brisk daily walk or bike ride can BEAT Alzheimer's https://t.co/Lh2Eu8SA8U	 Going for a brisk daily walk or bike ride really can stave off Alzheimer's disease, according to new research. It boosts white matter found deep within the brain that consists mainly of nerve fibres, or axons. A study of older people found those with poor fitness levels had faster deterioration in the vital 'hubs' between neurons, putting them at greater risk of dementia. 'Improving people's fitness may improve their brain health' Neurologist Assistant professor Kan Ding, of the University of Texas Southwestern, Dallas, said: 'This research supports the hypothesis that improving people's fitness may improve their brain health and slow down the ageing process.' Nerve fibres are extensions of neurons surrounded by a pale 'sheath' called myelin. giving white matter its colour. When they go awry the speed and transmission of electrical nerve signals slow down, leading to cognitive decline including the memory problems characteristic of Alzheimer's patients. By comparison, grey matter is tissue found on the surface of the brain, known as the cortical region. It contains the cell bodies of neurons, and has a darker hue. White matter comprises millions of bundles of nerve fibres used by neurons to communicate across the brain. Alzheimer's disease is a progressive, degenerative disease of the brain, in which build-up of abnormal proteins causes nerve cells to die. This disrupts the transmitters that carry messages, and causes the brain to shrink. More than 5 million people suffer from the disease in the US, where it is the 6th leading cause of death. WHAT HAPPENS? As brain cells die, the functions they provide are lost. That includes memory, orientation and the ability to think and reason. The progress of the disease is slow and gradual. On average, patients live five to seven years after diagnosis, but some may live for ten to 15 years. EARLY SYMPTOMS: LATER SYMPTOMS: Source: Alzheimer's Association Professor Ding and colleagues say their finding adds to evidence that exercise improves brain health and could be a lifesaver when it comes to preventing Alzheimer's. The study published in the Journal of Alzheimer's Disease enrolled people at high risk of developing the condition who had early signs of memory loss, or mild cognitive impairment (MCI). It found lower fitness levels were associated with weaker white matter, which in turn correlated with their brains working less efficiently. Unlike previous studies that relied on study participants to assess their own fitness, the new research objectively measured cardiorespiratory fitness. This was through a formula called maximal oxygen uptake which measures the most oxygen a person uses while exercising, giving an indication of how strong their lungs and heart are, and how fit they. Scientists also used brain imaging to measure the functionality of each patient's white matter. Participants were then given memory and other cognitive tests to measure brain function, establishing strong links between physical activity, mental health and cognition. Professor Ding said it underlined the simple yet crucial mandate for human health - the importance of regular exercise. The question is: why? But the study also left plenty of unanswered questions about how fitness and Alzheimer's disease are intertwined. Ding said these include what fitness level is needed to notably reduce the risk of dementia, and whether it is too late to intervene when patients begin showing symptoms. Some of these topics are already being researched through a five-year national clinical trial led by his O'Donnell Brain Institute lab. The trial, which includes six medical centres across the US, aims to determine whether regular aerobic exercise and taking specific medications to reduce high blood pressure and cholesterol levels can help preserve brain function. A team at Cleveland Clinic published a paper showing they had successfully reversed Alzheimer's in a middle-aged lab mouse. Their trial used a BACE1 inhibitor, essentially the same method as Merck's, in a similar aged subject. They claim their tests on a 20-month-old mouse - equivalent to a 50-year-old human - show it could be possible to halt the disease if it is caught decades earlier than usual. Lead author Riqiang Yan admitted he was 'shocked' when their attempts to reduce amyloid plaque in mice completely eradicated the dangerous build-ups that slowly cripple the brain. Already aware of the Merck failure, Yan told Daily Mail Online last night that he still believes BACE1 is the answer to preventing and treating Alzheimer's. Yan envisions a future when these enzymes, known as BACE1 inhibitors, could be available as a vitamin that all humans take preventatively to stave off neurodegenerative disease. It involves more than 600 older adults at high risk to develop Alzheimer's. Professor Rong Zhang, of UT Southwestern, who is overseeing the clinical trial, said: 'Evidence suggests what is bad for your heart is bad for your brain. 'We need studies like this to find out how the two are intertwined and hopefully find the right formula to help prevent Alzheimer's disease.' He is director of the Cerebrovascular Laboratory in the Institute for Exercise and Environmental Medicine at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital, where the Dallas arm of the study is being carried out. Fitness and forgetfulness The research builds upon prior investigations linking healthy lifestyles to better brain function, including a 2013 study from Prof Zhang's team that found neuronal messages are more efficiently relayed in the brains of older adults who exercise. In addition, other teams at the O'Donnell Brain Institute are designing tests for the early detection of patients who will develop dementia, and seeking methods to slow or stop the spread of toxic proteins associated with the disease such as beta-amyloid and tau, which are blamed for destroying certain groups of neurons in the brain. Added Prof Ding: 'A lot of work remains to better understand and treat dementia. But, eventually, the hope is that our studies will convince people to exercise more.' About 850,000 people in the UK have dementia, with Alzheimer's by far the most common form. The number of patients is set to rise to one million by 2025 and two million by 2050. Identifying lifestyle factors that reduce the risk is vital, while scientists desperately hunt for a cure. 
964190587829223425	2018-02-15 17:32:04	https://t.co/1arEXoUs1b	Supermassive black hole is spotted feasting on a 40-light-year-wide 'space doughnut' https://t.co/1arEXoUs1b	 A monstrous black hole has been spotted feasting on what appears to be the universe's largest doughnut, around 47 million light years away. Experts used advanced telescopes here on Earth to capture the massive beast's feeding frenzy, taking place at the centre of the spiral galaxy M77. They found a huge cloud of gas, stretching 40-light-years wide (or 235 trillion miles), giving its structure the appearance of the gigantic ringed confection. Studying the phenomenon could help us to better understand the formation of galaxies and the supermassive black holes that develop at their cores. Scroll down for video A team of researchers, including from the National Observatory of Japan in Tokyo, used the world's most powerful ground based telescope, the Atacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array (Alma) observatory in Chile, to make the finding. Almost all galaxies hold concealed black holes at their center. Researchers have known for a long time that the more massive the galaxy is, the more massive the central black hole is. Host galaxies are 10 billion times bigger than their central black holes, so it should be difficult for the two objects to directly affect each other. To discover how such a relationship could develop, the Japanese team trained Alma's high resolution imaging on the centre of M77. The central region of M77 is an active galactic nucleus (AGN), which means that matter is vigorously falling toward the central supermassive black hole and emitting intense light. AGNs can strongly affect the surrounding environment and are important objects for solving the mystery of the co-evolution of galaxies and their black holes. The research team found a dense cloud of spinning gas, whose shape is technically known as a torus, surrounding M77's black hole. The existence of these clouds of gas has been theorised for decades, but this is the closest look yet astronomers have been able to take. Masatoshi Imanishi, the study's lead author, said: 'To interpret various observational features of AGNs, astronomers have assumed rotating donut-like structures of dusty gas around active supermassive black holes. 'This is called the "unified model" of AGN. However, the dusty gaseous donut is very tiny in appearance. With the high resolution of Alma, now we can directly see the structure.' The Milky Way Galaxy that we call home also has a supermassive black hole at its centre. This black hole is, however, in a very quiet state and only a tiny amount of gas is being sucked into it. To investigate an AGN in detail, astronomers need to observe the centres of distant galaxies. M77 is one of the nearest AGNs, which makes it an ideal candidate. Numerous astronomers have previously peered into its centre but the rotation of the gas doughnut around its black hole has never been seen so clearly, researchers say. Besides the superior resolution of Alma, the choice of what type of molecules being emitted by the celestial phenomenon to observe was key to revealing its structure, according to the team. They chose to observe specific microwave emissions from hydrogen cyanide molecules and formyl ions. These molecules emit microwaves only in dense gas, whereas more frequently observed carbon monoxide emits microwaves under a variety of conditions. The torus around the AGN was assumed to be very dense, and the team's strategy proved this theory was right on the mark. 'Previous observations have revealed the east-west elongation of the dusty gaseous torus,' Dr Imanishi added. 'The dynamics revealed from our Alma data agrees exactly with the expected rotational orientation of the torus.' Interestingly, the distribution of gas around the supermassive black hole is much more complicated than a simple unified model would suggest. The torus seems to have an asymmetry and the rotation is not just following the gravity of the black hole but also contains highly random motion. These facts could indicate the AGN had a violent history, possibly including a merger with a small galaxy. The full findings of the study were published in The Astrophysical Journal Letters. Deep in the Chilean desert, the Atacama Large Millimetre Array, or ALMA, is located in one of the driest places on Earth. At an altitude of 16,400ft, roughly half the cruising height of a jumbo jet and almost four times the height of Ben Nevis, workers had to carry oxygen tanks to complete its construction. Switched on in March 2013, it is the world's most powerful ground based telescope. It is also the highest on the planet and, at almost £1 billion ($1.2 billion), one of the most expensive of its kind.
964187617473548290	2018-02-15 17:20:16	https://t.co/jF3yM1RD7C	Fertility expert reveals the reasons why couples struggle to have a baby and what to do https://t.co/jF3yM1RD7C	 Around 1 in 7 couples are said to have difficulty conceiving, according to the NHS, which means roughly 3.5 million people in the UK are suffering because of fertility issues. Fertility and women's health expert Emma Cannon has been helping women to conceive for over 20 years. From IVF support to acupuncture and nutritional advice, Emma Cannon's Chelsea clinic has developed a reputation of excellence since its founding, but it's not just Londoners that fertility expert Emma has helped over the duration of her career. A TEDX speaker and author of five fertility and women's health books to date (her newest title, Fertile, was published yesterday), Emma is best known for her holistic approach to fertility and wellness, fusing western medicine with complementary therapies to get to root of fertility problems. As a member of The British Acupuncture Council and The College of Medicine, Emma holds a Bachelor of Science and is experienced in supporting women from preconception to the menopause. Here in a piece published for Get The Gloss , Ms Cannon explains how fertility issues have changed since she first set up her clinic and how stress and burnout could be impacting upon the chance of conception... What are the questions that you get asked the most in clinic? What should I eat? How much can I drink? How long will it take? People want a quick fix, but fertility isn't about quick fixes. Most people are impatient and not infertile. What one thing do you wish that women and men knew about fertility? That it was never meant to be that easy for us conceive. From an evolutionary point of view, we spend a long time looking after and nurturing our offspring. Once born, survival rates are high compared to other animals. Nature intended us to be in optimal health to fulfil this responsibility and to nurture and care for our offspring for many years after they are born, unlike a fish who has hundreds of offspring, most of which will die and she just swims away and leaves them to it anyway. Modern couples are used to trying hard to achieve their goals and they go about baby-making in the same mind set. This creates frustration, anxiety and obsession. Sex is vital; it's amazing how often I have to point this out.' What's the most noticeable change in the field of fertility since you began practising? In the past 20 years I have seen an increase in the speed at which couples turn to IVF. I have also seen changes in men's sperm. I would say that sperm quality is decreasing, at least in my practice, which is in central London. This may be a London-centric problem but I do believe that male infertility or subfertility is on the increase. How can couples make the experience of conception a positive, rather than stressful, one? By not putting so much pressure on themselves and their partners to 'achieve' at it. It takes time and I see that couples set about it like a wedding project or a house project. It really takes the joy and sexiness out of it. Keep a bit of mystery, however game your partner may seem to be on the surface or at the outset. It is actually very off-putting to be asked to perform baby-making sex at a given time of the month. Keep some things sacred - like ovulation for example. Be playful and keep a sense of fun and enjoyment. Don't panic if you don't fall pregnant immediately, don't compare yourselves to other people and don't turn to Dr Google for your information - you are likely to make yourself even more anxious. Where do you see the future of fertility? I can only see it getting worse with more intervention. People are accruing more and more debt earlier in life, it is harder to get on the housing ladder, young couple are struggling financially to start their life together and this only makes them delay parenting for longer. It's so tough and I am not sure what the solution is. I do think more and more women will freeze their eggs, but this is best done earlier in life; in your 20s or early 30s. This may offer some fertility insurance but there is more to fertility than just eggs and it is important to take a holistic view of your fertility. There is a danger that the next generation may delay fertility having frozen their eggs and to find out that this is not a fertility cure-all, as has been the case with the current generation and IVF. That IVF does not eliminate all fertility problems and actually the chances of it being successful in late 30s and early 40s are not much different from natural sex. This article was originally published by Get The Gloss and reproduced with their permission.
964185560725229570	2018-02-15 17:12:06	https://t.co/ycjhqUpmQC	Russian woman admits she killed her boyfriend in a sex game and cut off his genitals and put them in the freezer https://t.co/ycjhqUpmQC	 Horrifying new details have emerged of how a 21-year-old Russian student killed her boyfriend during a sex game before dismembering his corpse. Anastasia Onegina murdered lover Dmitry Sinkevich, 24, a former policeman and conscript soldier, at her flat in Oryol before slicing him up using a kitchen knife. She beheaded him, cut off his genitals and cheeks, severed his limbs, removed several fingers and toes and then gutted him. Some pieces she threw into the bins outside, others she stored in the freezer, and yet more were hung on hooks around her apartment like a butcher's shop. Onegina initially denied killing Sinkevich, telling police she had found him dead before dismembering the corpse - afraid she would be accused of murder - but has now admitted causing his death. Sinkevich died of asphyxiation during a BDSM sex game, investigators say. A neighbour call Lyubov who saw inside her flat after the death and dismembering said: 'I managed to see how it was. 'His meat was hanging on hooks, but they did not allow me to stop and look too closely. 'His hands and feet in the trash, guts in a package in the refrigerator, fingers are scattered across the flat.' As Anastasia Onegina was cutting up his body, her sister Ksenia called her on her phone and asked what she was doing. 'I'm dismembering my boyfriend,' she said. Ksenia called their father, who is a policeman, and he alerted authorities. Onegina's husband previously died in suspicious circumstances shortly after their wedding. After his death, she was sentenced to a psychiatric hospital for a year and a half, but was then released. A court has now ordered her to undergo psychiatric tests as the murder investigation continues. Neighbours say the couple were fans of occultism and BDSM, and his social media included satanist images. They 'made a lot of noise'. One report stated: 'Neighbours said that they held weekly orgies, and complained about them. 'They were said to be into sadomasochism and similar practises.' His final picture shows them together going for a walk with her dog at 7.50 am on Sunday. He died and was dismembered later the same day. In the dead man's social media profile he had written: 'In love with Anastasia Onegina.' His profile showed he was subscribed to a satanist group and he posted pictures linked to the devil. A picture showed him in his policeman's uniform in 2015. On her online account, Onegina wrote: 'I only want 3 things in this world: See you. Hug you. Kiss you.' One report said: 'Her classmates say she was a bit crazy since childhood. 'She is from the family with many children, her dad is a policeman. 'The question is, how could she be left without custody and supervision by the relevant authorities? 'The most interesting thing is that she gives the impression of quite a normal girl.' The suspect is also known as Anastasia Beloshapkina and Anastasia Savosto. 
964183757858181120	2018-02-15 17:04:56	https://t.co/7b9KtoBf3z	Nearly 100 new planets outside our solar system are found by Nasa's hunt for alien life https://t.co/7b9KtoBf3z	 Nearly 100 new planets orbiting stars outside our solar system have been found by Nasa's Kepler telescope. Researchers confirmed the presence of the 95 worlds after studying 275 possible candidates from data provided by the probe. Kepler, which is currently on the K2 mission to discover exoplanets, has found thousands of candidates since it was launched almost a decade ago. The latest discovery raises hopes that astronomers may soon find a system similar to our own that hosts alien life. Scroll down for video The study was done by an international team led by Andrew Mayo from the National Space Institute at the Technical University of Denmark. 'By increasing the number of planets discovered with K2 by almost 50 percent, this work will help astronomers dive much deeper into analysing and learning about individual planets, particularly smaller exoplanets,' Dr Mayo told Gizmodo. The Kepler spacecraft was launched in 2009 to hunt for exoplanets in a single patch of sky, but in 2013 a mechanical failure crippled the telescope. However, astronomers and engineers devised a way to repurpose and save the space telescope by changing its field of view periodically. This solution paved the way for the follow up K2 mission, which is still ongoing as the spacecraft searches for exoplanet transits. These transits can be found by registering dips in light caused by the shadow of an exoplanet as it crosses in front of its host star. These dips are indications of exoplanets which must then be examined much closer in order to validate the candidates that are actually exoplanets. The field of exoplanets is relatively young. The first planet orbiting a star similar to our own sun was detected only in 1995. The Kepler mission has spotted thousands of exoplanets since 2014, with 30 planets less than twice the size of Earth now known to orbit within the habitable zones of their stars. Launched from Cape Canaveral on March 7th 2009, the Kepler telescope has helped in the search for planets outside of the solar system. When it was launched it weighed 2,320 lbs (1,052 kg) and is 15.4 feet long by 8.9 feet wide (4.7 m × 2.7 m). The satellite typically looks for 'Earth-like' planets, meaning they are rocky and orbit within the that orbit within the habitable or 'Goldilocks' zone of a star. In total, Kepler has found around 5,000 unconfirmed 'candidate' exoplanets, with a further 2,500 'confirmed' exoplanets that scientists have since shown to be real. Kepler is currently on the 'K2' mission to discover more exoplanets. K2 is the second mission for the spacecraft and was implemented by necessity over desire as two reaction wheels on the spacecraft failed. These wheels control direction and altitude of the spacecraft and help point it in the right direction. The modified mission looks at exoplanets around dim red dwarf stars. While the planet has found thousands of exoplanets during its eight-year mission, five in particular have stuck out. 1) 'Earth 2.0' In 2014 the telescope made one of its biggest discoveries when it spotted exoplanet Kepler-452b, dubbed 'Earth 2.0'. The object shares many characteristics with our planet despite sitting 1,400 light years away. It has a similar size orbit to Earth, receives roughly the same amount of sun light and has same length of year. Experts still aren't sure whether the planet hosts life, but say if plants were transferred there, they would likely survive. 2) The first planet found to orbit two stars Kepler found a planet that orbits two stars, known as a binary star system, in 2011. The system, known as Kepler-16b, is roughly 200 light years from Earth. Experts compared the system to the famous 'double-sunset' pictured on Luke Skywalker's home planet Tatooine in 'Star Wars: A New Hope'. 3) Finding the first habitable planet outside of the solar system Scientists found Kepler-22b in 2011, the first habitable planet found by astronomers outside of the solar system. The habitable super-Earth appears to be a large, rocky planet with a surface temperature of about 72°F (22°C), similar to a spring day on Earth. 4) Discovering a 'super-Earth' The telescope found its first 'super-Earth' in April 2017, a huge planet called LHS 1140b. It orbits a red dwarf star around 40 million light years away, and scientists think it holds giant oceans of magma. 5) Finding the 'Trappist-1' star system The Trappist-1 star system, which hosts a record seven Earth-like planets, was one of the biggest discoveries of 2017. Each of the planets, which orbit a dwarf star just 39 million light years, likely holds water at its surface. Three of the planets have such good conditions that scientists say life may have already evolved on them. Kepler spotted the system in 2016, but scientists revealed the discovery in a series of papers released in February this year. The telescope has an incredibly sensitive instrument known as a photometer that detects the slightest changes in light emitted from stars. It tracks 100,000 stars simultaneously, looking for telltale drops in light intensity that indicate an orbiting planet passing between the satellite and its distant target. When a planet passes in front of a star as viewed from Earth, the event is called a 'transit'. Tiny dips in the brightness of a star during a transit can help scientists determine the orbit and size of the planet, as well as the size of the star. Based on these calculations, scientists can determine whether the planet sits in the star's 'habitable zone', and therefore whether it might host the conditions for alien life to grow. Today some 3,600 exoplanets have been found, ranging from rocky Earth-sized planets to large gas giants like Jupiter. It's difficult work to distinguish which signals are actually coming from exoplanets. Dr Mayo and his colleagues analysed hundreds of signals of potential exoplanets thoroughly to determine which signals were created by exoplanets and which were caused by other sources. 'We found that some of the signals were caused by multiple star systems or noise from the spacecraft. But we also detected planets that range from sub Earth-sized to the size of Jupiter and larger,' said Dr Mayo. One of the planets detected was orbiting a very bright star. 'We validated a planet on a 10 day orbit around a star called HD 212657, which is now the brightest star found by either the Kepler or K2 missions to host a validated planet. 'Planets around bright stars are important because astronomers can learn a lot about them from ground-based observatories,' said Dr Mayo. 'Exoplanets are a very exciting field of space science. As more planets are discovered, astronomers will develop a much better picture of the nature of exoplanets which in turn will allow us to place our own solar system into a galactic context'. The latest study follows news in December that the Kepler probe had found an eighth planet in a distant star system called Kepler 90. This was the first time a faraway star had been found to have the same number of planets orbiting it as our own sun. According to NASA, it confirmed for the first time that distant star systems can be home to 'families as large as our own.' The new planet, estimated to be about 30 percent larger than Earth, is 'not a place you'd like to visit,' said Andrew Vanderburg, astronomer and NASA Sagan Postdoctoral Fellow at The University of Texas, Austin. 'It is probably rocky, and doesn't have a thick atmosphere'. And, temperatures at the surface are 'scorching.' According to Vanderburg, the average surface temperature is likely around 800 degrees Fahrenheit. The Kepler planet hunting satellite has been searching the stars for distant worlds using Google's AI system, which used machine learning to 'find' planets in the Kepler data with up to 96 percent accuracy. Neural networks can be trained on huge amounts of data to determine the difference between objects with great accuracy, the team explained in the teleconference. Much like an AI can learn to spot the difference between cats and dogs, it can spot the difference between patterns associated with planets, and other types of patterns in the cosmos that could be false positives. The star system sits roughly 2,545 light-years from Earth in the constellation Draco, and of the new planets found, Kepler 90i is the 'smallest of the bunch.' The new planet orbits its star once every 14.4 days. But, all of the planets in this system 'tightly' orbit their star, which is thought to be cooler than our own sun, meaning their orbital periods are relatively short. Before the latest AI-guided results, 'Kepler 90 was tied with Trappist-1, with 7 planets each,' says Jessie Dotson, Kepler project scientist at NASA's Ames Research Center in California's Silicon Valley. 'But now, it ties with our own system with the most known number of planets' around a star. 
964182549462478848	2018-02-15 17:00:08	https://t.co/zkOYSkwO8u	Grieving mother who wanted to be inseminated with her dead son's sperm is handed twins created from his semen https://t.co/zkOYSkwO8u	 A grieving mum who wanted to be artificially inseminated with her dead son's sperm now has twins after being told by doctors she needed a surrogate to complete her dream of 'reincarnating' her child. Rajashree Patil, 49, was informed by doctors that she was unfit for IVF treatment using a sample taken from her son Prathamesh, who died of a deadly tumour. She had wanted to conceive the children herself by being the surrogate mother but doctors said she was medically unfit as she had already begun her menopause. Instead, his semen was used to fertilise an egg which was given by an anonymous donor, who was not related to the family, before being implanted into a close relative. The surrogate has now given birth to twins, and the mother is raising them as her own in Pune, Western India. The surrogate, 35, has now given birth to twins and Rajashree says she will raise the little boy and girl, who are technically her grandchildren, as though they are her own. She called the boy Prathamesh while she named the little girl after her daughter Prisha, who will help her raise the babies in the city of Pune, Maharashtra State, Western India. Rajashree, who works as a teacher, said: 'I was carrying the soul of my son in me and was looking for a body to breathe it into. 'Doctors had preserved my son's semen before they commenced cancer treatment to preempt any negative effects of the medicine used on him. 'Due to this I have been able to get my son back.' Rajashree was very close to Prathamesh who was studying engineering in Germany when he was diagnosed with a brain tumour. Doctors in Germany collected his sperm and put it in storage while Prathamesh went through gruelling cancer treatment, and because he was unmarried he nominated his mother and sister to use his semen sample after his death. Prathamesh managed to complete his master's degree before returning to India for an operation in May 2013. For a while he appeared to be doing well but in February 2016 the cancer returned and by September that year Prathamesh had passed away. In May last year, Rajashree began considering using the sperm to get 'her son back'. Rajashree said: 'I am menopausal, so doctors ruled me out for the pregnancy. A married relative offered to be the surrogate mother and she handed over the twins to me the minute they were born. 'Getting the semen into our custody was not easy and we faced a lot of hurdles. Money and time were serious issues but now I will take the responsibility of these infants. 'I am their mother now.' The twins were born on Monday and since then Rajashree has quick to correct any visitors who have referred to her as their grandmother. A photograph shows the unusual family who have taken extreme steps to keep Prathamesh's memory alive. Rajashree is said to have faced a lot of criticism from her in-laws over her decision but she has been supported by her daughter Prisha throughout the ordeal. Dr Supriya Puranik, head of IVF department at Sahyadri Hospital, said: 'I am happy that through the development of science and new technology we are being able to help people relive their moments of happiness. 'At hospitals, we often see a lot of emotions and happiness whenever a woman delivers a baby and we have come to share in their moments of joy. 'But in this case it was a grief-stricken mother whose son was away for studies when he came down with the fatal disease and succumbed to it. 'We appreciate the kind of spirit she has shown throughout the process and congratulate her on having her son back in the form of these healthy twin babies.' 
964182545553416192	2018-02-15 17:00:07	https://t.co/q4W9veiuDR	Duck swoops in to land on a frozen pond and coolly glides to a stop https://t.co/q4W9veiuDR	 This is the oddly satisfying moment a duck pulls of a smooth landing after unsuspectingly landing on a frozen lake. The video, believed to be taken in Gomel, Belarus in 2016, has recently resurfaced online and racked up millions of views. In the short clip, the bird flies into the lake by flapping its wings as it approaches the water. But on reaching the ground the animal releases the ground is frozen - but still smoothly pulls off the landing. The duck sticks one leg out to smooth help keep balance as it skates across the block of ice, towards the flock of ducks. It then cooly walks off, giving the impression the swoop and glide to a stop was intentional. The video has gathered a huge response with commentators making jokes about the amazing landing. 'Smooth as duck' one wrote, while another added 'sliding into DMs like'. Another said 'you could watch this all day'.
964180520862142464	2018-02-15 16:52:04	https://t.co/VrP61w19oC	The 8 reasons why you're not in the mood for sex https://t.co/VrP61w19oC	 A low libido is common, but it's easy to discover - and treat - the causes behind low sexual desire. The recent Global Study of Sexual Attitudes and Behaviors (GSSAB) found that 26 to 43 percent of women worldwide say they experienced low sexual desire. The reason may vary from lack of testosterone to low self esteem. Sex can also be linked with unhappy memories - making it unpleasant, or it is simply forgotten about during a busy time. In an article for Healthista, physician Rachel Carlton Abrams who is the author of a new book, BodyWise, lists some of the most common things that cause low libido and suggests simple fixes. Fixing a low libido I have been writing and teaching about healthy sexuality for decades, and consistently, the number one sexual concern of my students and my patients is low libido. I would define low libido as a lack of spontaneous desire for sex (alone or with another), including sexual thoughts and fantasies. As both a doctor and a woman, I find this alarming, since satisfying sex has so many benefits—it can be a positive force for health, producing important chemicals in our bodies and important bonds in our relationships. So why are so many of us lacking in desire? If you were sitting in my office concerned about having low sex drive, you would see me make a large circle with my hands and arms, while saying, ‘libido for women lives in the complex web of our lives and is influenced by our past experiences, our general health, our current relationships, and our hormonal balance.’ In other words, women don’t separate sex from any other important part of their health and well-being. Which, honestly, is as it should be. Sexual desire is an expression of vibrant health, of creative fire. And, we all deserve to have a life that supports that vibrant expression of life-affirming desire. Here are some of the factors that can cause trouble with your libido and what you can do to help. 1. Your family suppressed sexuality The earliest influences on our sexuality are the household and societal sexual norms that we grow up with. If you were raised in a place where most folks, for religious or cultural reasons, felt that sex is bad or to be feared, you might suppress your own early sexual exploration. Early fears of sexuality remain with us once we are adults and can be difficult to shake. Sometimes it can be therapeutic to flaunt those rigid norms by yourself or with friends or a lover that you trust. In other words, as a very wise woman once said to me, ‘shake your hips, like your mama told you not tah,’ …. And enjoy it. You get to reclaim your body and your joy in it for yourself. 2. You have low body confidence If you were raised in a family or culture that had strict definitions of what a sexy woman should look like, you may feel inadequate in comparison. From the age of 30, women's fertility begins to drop, and does so more steeply from the age of 35. Most women will be able to conceive naturally and give birth to a healthy baby if they get pregnant at 35 years old. After 35 years, the proportion of women who experience infertility, miscarriage or a problem with their baby increases. By the age of 40, only two in five of those who wish to have a baby will be able to do so. The average age at which women have in vitro fertilisation (IVF) treatment in the UK is rising. This reflects the increase in infertility due to age. However, the success rates of IVF treatment for women over 40 using their own eggs are low, and have not increased much over the past decade. From a purely biological perspective, it's best to try to start a family before you're 35 years old. Men can remain fertile for much longer than women. Even though male fertility also declines with age, it tends to happen more gradually. Source: BabyCentre UK It is infuriating that the image of what is considered sexy in the media is so impossibly out-of-step with what women actually look like. The great majority of potential lovers are interested in you because you are physically attractive to them. Not because you fit some perfect ideal of the female form. Ask any woman-loving man or woman. They like breasts. All breasts. All sizes and shapes. And hips . . . and those lovely derrieres. And particularly in a woman that they care about and find interesting. We can be brutal with ourselves about our bodies, but our lovers typically just want to love us. And in case you were concerned that being overweight might affect your ability to be sexual, real studies of this show that women who are overweight or obese have just as much sexual libido and orgasmic ability as other women. If it is difficult to overcome all those voices in your head that keep you from your pleasure (your mum, your priest, your imam, your mean childhood girlfriends, your asshole ex-boyfriend, the magazines in the news stand), it can be helpful to practice “Body-Love”. Stand in front of a mirror in as little clothing as you can, and still feel comfortable. Now hold each part of your body, your breasts, your belly, your thighs, and say out loud, in your own words, everything you appreciate that this part of your body does (e.g. nurses babies, or digests your food, or climbs stairs). Finish by expressing your love for that body part. And when the negative voices run through your head, just let them pass. 3. You’ve had previous trauma or bad sex – even long ago The incidence of sexual trauma - incest or rape - before the age of 18, worldwide, is one in four to one in four. In some countries, it is as high as 50 percent. This is tragic in so many ways. Add to this the number of women having sex too young, sex under the influence, sex that they ‘shouldn’t’ have had, sex that was painful, and insensitive and violating medical pelvic exams—that’s a whole lot of women who have had negative sexual and genital experiences. Our genitals are our most private and vulnerable area of our bodies. Of course, trauma can affect any part of our bodies, but when most women experience sexual trauma, they shut down sensations in their genitals and their sexual feelings, in general. Perhaps even while becoming extremely sexually active. This is true for sexual violence, but it can also be true for a woman who has just had bad sex, or has been shamed for being sexual. Begin healing and developing trust in your sexual instincts, by only having sex when you truly want to. Your desire will emerge when your body anticipates that sex only happens when your body is ready. 4. Sex is painful I know it seems obvious, but why in the world would someone want to have sex if it hurts? The most common reason for pain with intercourse or penetration are the hormonal changes of menopause. Women can also experience early menopause from surgical removal of the ovaries and/or uterus at any age or from chemotherapy or radiation for cancer treatment. Nursing a baby can also induce a menopause-like state of the hormones. Lower circulating oestrogen levels result in the vaginal and vulvar tissues becoming thinner, drier, and more vulnerable to injury. In this environment, penetrative sex, especially without enough lubrication, can cause many microtears of the vulva and vagina—ouch! I call this vaginal road rash, and it burns and hurts, sometimes severely. The excellent news is that in almost all cases, this can be helped with topical estrogens. This is not hormone replacement; it is local estrogen for the tissues and is safe in all women, with the exception of those who have had breast, uterine, or ovarian cancer. 5. You don’t have enough testosterone Perhaps the most important physiological influence on libido is the availability of estrogen and testosterone. Estrogen contributes to sexual receptivity— that Marilyn Monroe, hair flip kind of sex drive. But studies have found that testosterone is the major driver of libido in women, increasing desire for sexual behavior and increasing genital arousal, sensation, and lubrication. When testosterone is low, in addition to lack of libido and less pleasure, it is common for women around menopause and women who have lost their ovaries, to have low testosterone. Europe has approved a ‘woman-sized’ testosterone patch for the treatment of low libido in women, and it can work wonders if your testosterone measures are low (a blood test you can ask your GP for). 6. You have underlying medical issues A variety of health issues can interfere with libido, including any chronic disease, thyroid malfunction, chronic pain, cancer and cancer treatment, and a large variety of medications— including oral contraceptives, anti-depressants and blood pressure medications. I recommend having your doctor do the following tests to see if your libido is being affected by a medical condition: 7. Stress and busyness Because we are complex beings, we can have plenty of testosterone, be comfortable with our bodies, have great sexual partners, and still have no sex drive. My observation is that many women are, literally, too busy for sex. Which is very sad, as sex, if you pay attention to your body and cultivate your sex drive, gives back in spades what you put into it. Sexual activity (including self-pleasuring) has been found to reduce mortality and rates of illness, improve your hormonal profile, and substantially reduce the risk of depression. The keys to inviting your sex drive back into your life include using your body, physically, on a regular basis. Walk, bike, hike, dance the tango, or play badminton. Be active and in your body. Eat or rest when needed. Get enough sleep; fatigue may be the number-one killer of sex drive for the average female. Make time for pleasure. This is a big one. If you don’t fit sex, with yourself or with another, into your schedule, it will not spontaneously appear. One of the ways to invite sex back into your life is to use fantasy in ways that are fun. This could be spontaneously imagined fantasies, romance novels, erotica, erotic films, or role play. Letting your fantasy life flourish is a fast way to stoke your libido. Libido, like many aspects of the body, has a positive feedback loop. You make time for self-pleasure and increase the number of sexual thoughts that you have, and you are more likely to want to have sex again sooner. Sex begets sex. So put it on your calendar, and make it happen. 8. Lack of trust I have often said, ‘sex is just a mirror of the relationship itself’. And after decades of working with couples, I really believe that to be the case. If you do not want to have sex because you are mad at your partner, it has nothing to do with your health or being rested or having enough testosterone. It has to do with your relationship. Contrary to what you may have seen in novels or movies, fighting and lack of trust do not lead to a better sex life. Trust is the number-one ingredient necessary for a happy, healthy sex life. If you do not trust your partner, either emotionally or physically, it will be very difficult to have a hot sexual life. Exploring the relationship and trying to establish trust is the fundamental piece necessary to support your libido. This article originally appeared on and has been reproduced with the permission of Healthista. 
964177751593902080	2018-02-15 16:41:04	https://t.co/bjU19sB7Fj	Pyeongchang Winter Olympic games inspire children to try their skills in hilarious footage https://t.co/bjU19sB7Fj	 The Winter Games has inspired a new generation of future Olympians to try their hand at the events showcased in Pyeongchang. From children practicing their curling in the kitchen to youngsters perfecting their luge and skeleton techniques - the results have left parents in stitches. Richard Eden's four-year-old was inspired by the skeleton and planted herself face-down on a pillow mimicking British athletes Dom Parsons and Jerry Rice. Another father posted a picture of his children with crash helmets on lying on top of each other introducing a new event - the double skeleton. Around the world, people's homes turned into makeshift Winter Olympics venues with parents warning their children could be competing for real by 2034. 
964175105881444352	2018-02-15 16:30:33	https://t.co/W101wModxQ	Huge solar storm will slam Earth TODAY https://t.co/W101wModxQ	 A massive solar storm is making its way towards Earth, and it's likely to hit today. The storm was created by a solar flare - a large explosion in the sun's atmosphere - which generated charged particles earlier this week. The charged particles from the sun are moving towards Earth, and they could disrupt power grids, spacecraft and satellite operations. The solar particles are expected to hit Earth either today or tomorrow, and they will also likely trigger auroras for people living in higher latitudes. Scroll down for video 'Aurora may be visible at high latitudes,' the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration wrote in a statment. This may include the 'northern tier' of the US, with affected states including parts of Michigan and Maine. The NOAA says that the forecast suggests the solar storm will be a G-1 or 'minor' storm, which could become a G-2 'moderate storm' depending on how the charged particles hit Earth. Geomagnetic storms are ranked on a severity scale, with G at the bottom, R in the middle and S at the top. The particles, which came from the sun after a solar flare took place on February 12, could cause 'weak power grid fluctuations' and a 'minor impact on satellite operations,' according to the NOAA. NASA and the NOAA keep a track of solar events using many different telescopes which help generate geomagnetic weather forecasts. Researchers also study the sun to learn more about its structure as well as obtain data to make predictions about different types of solar events, such as solar flares and Coronal Mass Ejections, which are large clouds of plasma and magnetic field that erupt from the sun. Solar flares and particles ejected via coronal mass jections are associated with dark spots on the sun's surface. These are areas of intense magnetic activity, and when the magnetic fields in a sunspot cross each other, it can result in an energy explosion, known as a solar flare, which sends radiation into space. Solar storms, or solar activity, can be divided into four main components that can have impacts on Earth: While these may seem dangerous, astronauts are not in immediate danger of these phenomena because of the relatively low orbit of manned missions. However, they do have to be concerned about cumulative exposure during space walks. The damage caused by solar storms Solar flares can damage satellites and have an enormous financial cost. The charged particles can also threaten airlines by disturbing Earth's magnetic field. Very large flares can even create currents within electricity grids and knock out energy supplies. When Coronal Mass Ejections strike Earth they cause geomagnetic storms and enhanced aurora. They can disrupt radio waves, GPS coordinates and overload electrical systems. A large influx of energy could flow into high voltage power grids and permanently damage transformers. This could shut off businesses and homes around the world. Source: NASA - Solar Storm and Space Weather Solar flares only impact Earth when they occur on the side of the sun facing the Earth. Sometimes, these explosions can send out coronal mass ejections - large clouds of plasma and magnetic field that erupt from the sun. These clouds can erupt in any direction, and then continue on in that direction, plowing through solar wind, but they only cause impacts to Earth when they're aimed at Earth. Forecasters monitor these events, and when a storm looks likely to have a significant impact, engineers can shut down certain systems on satellites, or prepare for impacts on the power grid. The sun has an 11-year cycle of sunspot activity, with the last maximum having taken place in April 2014. This summer, NASA is set to launch a spacecraft called Parker Solar Probe, which will travel closer to the sun than any other previous mission. It will fly by Venus and travel into the corona - the sun's upper atmosphere, with the aim of learning more about the particles that are ejected by the sun. 
964174985500774400	2018-02-15 16:30:04	https://t.co/Rnk8atWo84	Diner's shock as his sushi suddenly 'squirms like a SLUG' on his plate... but he eats it anyway https://t.co/Rnk8atWo84	 A diner was shocked when he went to tuck into his sushi dinner to see that his meal was so fresh that it was still wiggling. The social media user who named himself only as 'shoumizo3446' shared a video of the portion of food balanced on a rice roll at a restaurant in the city of Kishiwada in Southern Japan's Osaka Prefecture. The pale meat extends a corner almost as if it's smiling or waiving. The diner and his companion laugh as the piece of clam raises its edge and seems to wave at them at a branch of the popular Sushiro sushi restaurant chain. 'Shoumizo3446' ordered 'iki hokkigai' - with 'hokkigai' meaning surf clam and the 'iki'. This means the dish is prepared on the premises from seafood delivered live to the restaurant. However, it is not supposed to gesture at diners when served to them. The surprising video was seen three million times and became a hot topic on chat forums. Some commenters said the movement meant the clam had not been properly prepared by the chef. But some argued that at least the diner could be sure the meal was fresh, if it was still moving. The diner was not put off the meal and reported that it had been 'extremely delicious'. He is not thought to have complained to Sushiro and there was no comment reported from the restaurant. 
964172223622901760	2018-02-15 16:19:06	https://t.co/lxso8HRF5W	The 10 ingredients EVERY healthy eater should have in their kitchen https://t.co/lxso8HRF5W	 A wellness blogger has revealed the ingredients health fanatics could never live without if they want to eat clean. Lily Simpson, who founded healthy food delivery service and deli chain The Detox Kitchen, says there are 10 staples that she always keeps in her cupboards at home. The co-author of The Detox Kitchen Bible favours organic fare and dairy-free produce for her super-healthy diet - and of course, avocados are on her list too. Lily's list of top 10 foods, which she shared in a video with Tor Cardona forSheer Luxe, to keep in stock at all times gives an insight into the virtuous eating habits of influential wellness bloggers - and it could inspire you to throw out the chocolate and replace it with brown rice, seeds and herbs instead. ORGANIC EGGS Fried, boiled, poached, or scrambled - but I also love to make a frittata in the evenings, it's super quick and easy. SEEDS I love sunflower seeds, and pumpkin seeds. I flash fry them and chuck them into a salad, it literally transforms any salad. SWEET POTATOES I'm often roasting them off, and I love making a sweet potato dhal. ORGANIC OAT MILK I always have oat milk in my fridge. It's a great alternative to dairy, it's great in cereal, with tea or with coffee. It's really great to have as a drink before you go to bed. BROWN RICE One of my favourite all-time salads is a brown rice salad with loads of spring onions, nuts, cucumber, and tomatoes. I have brown rice maybe five times a week. MIXED HERBS Just throw them into a stew or soup or salad and it will transform the dish and give it an extra boom of flavour. CAULIFLOWER Probably my favourite vegetable. amazing in soups, stews, curries. AVOCADO Amazing on toast or on a salad or grilled is good too. ROLLED OATS They are my go-to breakfast. I have it as a porridge or make my own granola by covering them in golden syrup and then roasting it in the oven and then mixing with chopped nuts. CORIANDER It's my favourite herb. You love it or hate it, I absolutely love it. I throw it into any salad or it's great just chopped on a curry or in a soup.
964169989593985024	2018-02-15 16:10:13	https://t.co/B6heMJnhsU	Denmark's Queen Margrethe is cheered by floral tributes to husband Prince Henrik as his coffin is taken to a chapel https://t.co/B6heMJnhsU	 Denmark's Crown Prince Frederik led his family to visit a sea of floral tributes laid to his father Prince Henrik outside the Amalienborg Palace in Copenhagen on Thursday. Frederik was accompanied by wife, Crown Princess Mary, and their children Prince Christian, Princess Isabella, and twins Prince Vincent and Princess Josephine as they visited the makeshift memorial. The family had earlier accompanied Queen Margrethe as she followed Henrik's casket down from Fredensborg Palace, in the country's north, to Amalienborg. His body will rest in the palace until the weekend when it will be taken to the chapel of Christiansborg Palace and put on public display until the funeral is held this week. Queen Margrethe appeared cheered by the flowers when she also visited them earlier in the day. Scroll down for video Henrik died in his sleep on Tuesday at the age of 83. The palace has said it would respect Henrik's wish to be cremated, after he refused to be buried in a tomb prepared for him and his wife Queen Margrethe. Half of his ashes will be spread over Danish seas and the other half buried in the royal family's private garden at the Fredensborg Palace, north of Copenhagen, where he died. Buckingham Palace said it was too soon to say which British royals would attend the funeral. Across the country, Danish flags were at half-staff and gun salutes echoed through the capital at dawn in honor of Henrik, who was French-born. A white coffin, draped in a Denmark's red-white flag with the royal heraldic at the center, was taken to the Amalienborg Palace - the royal family's official residence in Copenhagen. Despite chilly, near freezing temperatures and windy skies, people lined up part of the 20-mile stretch from the Fredensborg Palace, which Margrethe and Henrik used as one of their residences. The coffin will be displayed at Christiansborg Palace, which houses Denmark's Parliament, the prime minister's office and is also used for royal ceremonies. The grieving royal family has declared a month of mourning after Henrik died 'peacefully in his sleep' at the palace. Resenting never being named king, in 2016, he renounced the title of prince consort and spent much of his time at a chateau on a vineyard in southwestern France, although he remained married to the queen and officially still lived with her. In August 2017, French-born Henrik announced he did not wish to be buried next to the queen, breaking a 459-year-old tradition. Shortly afterwards, the palace announced he had dementia - he was hospitalised late last month with a lung infection. Members of his family, including his son Frederik and daughter-in-law Mary, were seen arriving at the castle after he died flags were lowered to half-mast nationwide. Earlier on Tuesday, he was moved from a Copenhagen hospital to the family's residence, 'where he wishes to spend his last moments,' the royal palace said. He died at 11.18pm in his sleep with Queen Margrethe II of Denmark, and their children, Crown Prince Frederik of Denmark, 49, and Prince Joachim of Denmark, 48 at his side. Frederik had cut short his trip to the Winter Olympics and flown back from South Korea to be with his father after Prince Henrik's condition had 'seriously worsened' in recent days. Speculation has mounted since early last year that Queen Margrethe II will abdicate the throne. If this does happen, Frederik is next in line - which would leave his Australian wife Crown Princess Mary, 46, as queen consort. Danish Prime Minister Lars Lokke Rasmussen said the late prince had 'represented Denmark magnificently. 'His commitment was infectious, and his insight great.' The royal families in neighbouring Sweden and Denmark sent condolences. The Danish royal family has no political authority, but is one of the world's oldest kingdoms and prides itself on stability. Henrik, however, caused a scandal last August by announcing that when he died he didn't want to be buried next to Margrethe in the cathedral where the remains of Danish royals have gone for centuries. The queen already had a specially designed sarcophagus waiting for the couple. Born on June 11, 1934, in southwestern France to parents with the noble titles of count and countess, Henri Marie Jean Andre de Laborde de Monpezat married Denmark's future queen in 1967. Henri became Henrik and converted to Denmark's state Lutheran Church. However, he found it difficult to fit in with Denmark's egalitarian lifestyle. He was titled prince consort - the husband of a reigning queen but not a king - and he wasn't in the line of succession - his oldest son Frederik being the heir. * Prince Henrik was born Henri Marie Jean André de Laborde de Monpeza on 11 June, 1934. * Henrik was born in Talence, Gironde, France. He was the son of André de Laborde de Monpezat and his wife, Renée Doursenot. * Before his marriage, Henrik served in the French Army in the Algerian War, and worked for the French Foreign Affairs ministry at the French Embassy in London. * He later moved to Denmark in 1967 to marry the then-crown princess, Margrethe, and changed his name from Henri to Henrik. * The Queen and Prince Henrik had two children, Crown Prince Frederik and Prince Joachim, and eight grandchildren. * Prince Henrik's native language was French, and his second language was Danish. He also spoke fluent English, Chinese and Vietnamese. * Prince Henrik had a great affinity for poetry, which he wrote in his native language, French. Shortly after the royal marriage, media criticized Henrik because he had openly aired his views that spanking was good for children. In the mid-1980s, Henrik publicly said he wanted a paycheck instead of relying on the queen, who gets annual allowances. The law was eventually changed to give him roughly 10 percent of the annual allocation Parliament makes to royals each year. In a 2002 interview, Henrik again stunned Danes by saying he felt he had been pushed aside in his own home, not only by his wife but also by his son. This followed the annual royal New Year's reception for foreign diplomats, where Frederik had been host because his mother was unavailable due to a broken rib. 'For many years I have been No. 2,' Henrik told Danish tabloid B.T. 'I have been satisfied with that role, but after so many years in Denmark I don't suddenly want to become number three and become some kind of wearisome attachment.' Teased for his French accent and unable to understand why protocol required him to remain in his wife's shadow, Henrik never really found his place in Denmark. 'A lot of people think I'm a loser until I prove them wrong,' he once said. It wasn't until 1997 that he stood in for his wife at a public engagement for the first time. 'People are just used to considering Prince Henrik as ... a little dog that follows behind and gets a sugar cube once in a while,' he said. In 2002, he made headlines when he fled to his chateau in southern France to 'reflect on life', complaining he didn't receive enough respect in Denmark after his son, Crown Prince Frederik, was chosen to represent the queen at a New Year's ceremony instead of him. He said he felt 'pushed aside, degraded and humiliated. 'My self-respect is destroyed'. Some politicians dubbed Henrik's behaviour 'tiresome', while media had a field day, one television show conferring on him the title of 'Whiner of the Year'. But it also marked a turning point, as Danes saw a more vulnerable side of Henrik and slowly started to warm to him. Over time, his contrarian streak and flamboyance helped earn him cult status among young people. In 2013, he collaborated with Danish pop group Michael Learns To Rock, playing the piano on a track recorded for the king of Thailand. Months later he was photographed strolling with friends in the self-governed Copenhagen hippie community of Christiania, known for its cannabis trade, and in June 2014 he dressed up in a panda costume at a charity event. In April 2015 he controversially cancelled his appearance at Margrethe's 75th birthday celebrations for ill health, only to resurface in a tourist-packed square in Venice less than two days later. The tabloids were outraged, but fans saw it as the kind of erratic behaviour they had come to love him for. On Twitter, a popular radio show host wrote: 'Words cannot describe how much I love Henrik!' Prince Henrik was transferred from hospital to the family's residence north of Copenhagen last week, 'where he wished to spend his last moments', the royal palace said. He was first admitted to hospital on January 28 while he was travelling in Egypt, when he was diagnosed with a lung infection. He was quickly transported back to Copenhagen, where tests revealed a benign tumour in his left lung. Prince Henrik had also been diagnosed with dementia in September last year. A previous statement from the palace reported: 'Following a longer course of investigation, and most recently, a series of examinations conducted during late summer, a team of specialists at Rigshospitalet has now concluded that His Royal Highness Prince Henrik suffers from dementia.' On Friday, the palace said Prince Henrik's eldest son, Crown Prince Frederik, an International Olympic Committee member, had left the Winter Games in Pyeongchang because his father's condition had 'seriously worsened'. Over recent days, Margrethe and members of the royal family including Crown Prince Frederik and Crown Princess Mary have together or individually visited the prince at Copenhagen's university hospital before he returned to Fredensborg Palace. Henrik lived part of the year with the queen at the palace. 'Here the prince can be surrounded by the family and stay in an environment that matters to him,' Lene Balleby, Head of Communication, told Danish media. The palace, 20 miles north of Copenhagen, was used by Margrethe and Henrik as one of their residences. Henrik walked his dogs in the adjacent public park and the castle has seen scores of royal wedding parties, banquets and state dinners. The complex of 28 buildings and annexes was inaugurated in 1722 by King Frederik IV and additional construction was made under the three following monarchs. The prince first moved to Denmark from France in 1967 ahead of his June wedding to the then-crown princess, changing his French name, Henri, to Henrik. Before his marriage, he served in the French Army in the Algerian War, and worked for the French Foreign Affairs ministry at the French Embassy in London. Among his interests, Henrik had an affinity for poetry, which he wrote in French. Several of his poems have been published in poetry collections. Prince Henrik is a prince consort, not a king, as is traditional for men married to female monarchs. He retired from public service in 2016. A new press release issued from the palace on Wednesday confirmed that there will be a 'presentation' on Tuesday 20 February in Copenhagen to celebrate Prince Henrik's life. The palace also said that there will be a period of mourning until Wednesday 14 March, with the Royal family not participating in any events or entertaining until at least that point. When will Princess Mary become queen? Speculation mounts that Margrethe will abdicate due to Prince Henrik's death - leaving the Tasmanian to ascend to the throne with husband Frederik Speculation has mounted since early last year that Prince Frederik's mother, Queen Margrethe II, will abdicate the throne. If she were to, Crown Prince Frederik, 49, is next in line - which would leave Crown Princess Mary, 46, as queen consort. However, the editor of the The Australian Women's Weekly and author of The Royals In Australia, Juliet Rieden said an abdication by Queen Margrethe would be very unlikely. 'I talked to a lot of people in Denmark about this and the consensus is that Queen Margrethe is very unlikely to abdicate,' she told FEMAIL. 'The only reason that she would abdicate is if she became infirm and incapable of being a queen. 'Prince Henrik hasn't been by her side for a little bit so she is already used to taking the reigns on her own and done so very easily and with a lot of confidence so I don't imagine she will step aside now.' She added: 'Obviously Princess Mary will become Queen consort one day next to Prince Frederik who will be King but I don't think it will be in the next 12 months. 'You can never tell and other European monarchs have stepped aside for younger heirs but Queen Margrethe has always been very devoted to the job and she is known for that. 'There is a long tradition in Denmark for the head of state to stay in office for as long as he or she lives. In fact, the last time a Danish King resigned before he died was in 1523 so I think for Queen Margrethe to break with that historic tradition would be a big deal for Denmark.' Queen Margrethe II is the ruling monarch of Denmark, and she has had the throne since 1972 following the death of her father, King Frederick IX. Prince Frederik and Princess Mary will become King and Queen of Denmark at the time of Queen Margrethe's abdication or death. 
964167186515447810	2018-02-15 15:59:05	https://t.co/G6x7ooIYSS	Pet dog finds its way back home three days after being poisoned and stolen by thieves https://t.co/G6x7ooIYSS	 A pet dog in China has managed to return home three days after it was stolen by dog thieves, according to local media. Apparently, the thieves had not been able to sell the pooch to restaurants because it was too skinny, so they set it free. The pet had been shot a poisonous dart by the thieves, but the dart was not deadly, said a report on Chinese news site QQ.com. The dog's owner was ecstatic to see his pet coming home yesterday in Gaoping, eastern China's Zhejiang Province. 'I didn't expect it would come home again. I thought I lost it forever,' the man was quoted saying in the QQ.com report. A video taken by the owner, who identified himself as Mr Xiao, shows one of his family members petting the white pet upon its return. According to the report, Mr Xiao's his dog went missing on the night of February 11 after he went to bed. The man said his dog guarded the house on the porch every night. But on the morning of February 12, he couldn't find his dog so he went to check the footage from his home security cameras. The video apparently showed that the dog had been stolen by someone with the help of a toxic syringe. Mr Xiao called the police immediately. On February 14, Mr Xiao suddenly saw his dog on a hill behind his house. The dog was said to be avoiding him and appearing scared. Mr Xiao shouted at the dog, telling him to come home, but it ran away. To the man's surprise, his pet walked back to his house a few hours later. Mr Xiao said he noticed the dog couldn't walk steadily, and suspected it was the after effect of the poisonous dart. He also said the dog would get frightened more easily than before. The man said his dog had always be thin. He guessed the thieves released the dog after failing to sell it for its meat, and the dog found its way back home. He called his pet's returning 'a miracle'. Every year, thousands of pet dogs are poisoned and stolen in China, and as many as 20 million dogs are killed annually to satisfy the dog meat industry. Last December, Chinese police bust a gang that had sold nearly 200,000 poisonous syringes to dog thieves. The suspects, from central China, produced the syringes with toxic chemicals in their underground factory before selling them across the nation through social media platforms, according to reports from Chinese media. The use of poison in stealing or killing pet dogs is a common practice in China, but few suspects are arrested and punished partially due to the lack of animal protection laws in the country. It's not uncommon to see people eating dishes made with dog meat in southern China, especially in the provinces of Guangdong and Guangxi. The city of Yulin, in Guangxi Province, has an annual dog meat festival every year on the summer solstice. Keith Guo, an animal lover working for PETA Asia and a native of Guangdong, southern China, said dog stew is common in Guangdong as well as the neighbouring Guangxi Province. Mr Guo, 27, who has a passion for food sociology, explained that meat from dogs smells and tastes gamier compared to other types of meat, so chefs usually use spices such as chilli peppers and ginger to cover the odor. As a result, dog stew is heavy and could warm up the diners' body quickly. 'For traditional Chinese medicine, any food that could warm up the body is considered beneficial,' he said. 'That's also why dog meat is thought to be especially nutritious to the human body.' Mr Guo added that the weather could get humid in southern China during winter, and according to traditional Chinese medicine, humidity could weaken one's health. That's why locals like eating warm dog stew to boost their immune system. Mr Guo said he lost five pet dogs to dog thieves when he was growing up in Guangdong. He condemned the thieves' behaviour. 'For the dog owners, the stolen dogs are their friends and family, and they shouldn't be the food in someone else's mouth.' 
964163371661709312	2018-02-15 15:43:55	https://t.co/AGuVAvQHYQ	Chinese people around the world celebrate Lunar New Year with lion dance and stunning lanterns https://t.co/AGuVAvQHYQ	 It might just be the biggest annual party in the world - the Chinese New Year. Today, more than 1.4 billion Chinese people are celebrating the arrival of their New Year according to the traditional lunar calendar - with big family banquets, stunning lanterns and the Chinese Near Year Gala on TV. The Lunar New Year, otherwise known as Spring Festival, is celebrated around the world, but the main festivities are in China as well as other Asian countries, including Vietnam, Malaysia, Indonesia, Singapore and Korea. February 15 is the Lunar New Year's Eve, which in China is a day for everyone to leave their work early, join their families for hearty meals. As the clock struck midnight today in China (4pm GMT), most people were watching the Chinese Near Year Gala aired by state broadcaster China Central Television Station. According to the Chinese 12-animal zodiac system, 2018 is the Year of the Dog - succeeding the Year of the Rooster and preceding the Year of the Pig. As the year ends with an eight, it's been considered an especially lucky year by the Chinese people. This is because in certain Chinese dialects, the sound of the word 'eight' is similar to the sound of the word 'fortune'. Lunar New Year celebration comes in various forms. Chinese people wear red jackets and jumpers to the streets, buy red lanterns and paper-cuttings to decorate their homes and even prepare red steamed buns to be eaten during family reunions. Around China, family get together to eat different types of dumplings, such as savoury 'jiao zi' and sweet 'tang tuan' as a way to pray for family unity and happiness. Red envelopes containing cash are also given out to children by their families to wish them a happy New Year. Apparently, even giant pandas have joined in the celebration. A total of 17 giant panda cubs, all born in 2017, met the public as they sent wishes for the Chinese New Year at the Shenshuping Base of the China Conservation and Research Centre for the Giant Panda today in Wolong, China. The Chinese New Year's Gala, one of the most popular way of celebration, is the most-watched television programme in the world. The four-hour-long marathon show gathers the most popular singers, dancers, comedians and magicians in the country from the previous year and has been the Spring Festival tradition in China since its first edition in 1983. According to latest statistics, 690 million Chinese people around the world tuned in to watch the gala live in 2016. Over one billion people watched the show in total that year. The festivities usually last for 16 days in China, from the Lunar New Year's Eve to the Lantern Festival, or the 15th day of the New Year, when people go out to see colourful lanterns. The two weeks before and after the Lunar New Year is the busiest time on the Chinese roads as millions of migrants leave cities to go back to their rural homes - then return to work afterwards. The travel rush, also known as 'chun yun' in Chinese, is often referred to around the globe as the largest annual human migration. This year, the epic holiday travel rush started on February 1 and is expected to last 40 days until March 12. A total of 2.98 billion trips would be made by the 1.4 billion Chinese citizens during the period by train, bus and air, according to China Central Television Station. 
964162671791796224	2018-02-15 15:41:08	https://t.co/6AozhZNAtV	Brutal moment Norwegian ice hockey player is whacked in the FACE with a metal skate   https://t.co/6AozhZNAtV	 This is the horrific moment an ice hockey player has his face bloodied by a metal skate during the Winter Olympics. Norwegian player Kristian Forsberg suffered the nasty injury during a match against Scandinavian rivals Sweden. As players fought for possession in the corner of the rink one of the Swedish players, Joel Lundqvist, fell to the ground and his trailing foot injured Forsberg in the face. Forsberg, 31, seen in the video wearing the number 26 jersey, was seen trying to stop the bleeding from his nose as he walked off the rink. At full speed the video shows a heap of players collapsing in the corner as they try and take control of the puck. But it becomes clear something is wrong when Forsberg remains lying on the ice while his teammates and the Swedish players get back to their feet. In the slow-motion replay the video shows Forsberg challenging the Swedish number 12 for possession before turning round to where two more players are jostling for the puck. But as Lundqvist, the Swedish number 20, goes to ground his left foot flails out behind him and glances the unlucky Forsberg in the nose. Forsberg, who was clearly shaken but was able to walk off the field, plays for Stavanger Oilers in the Norwegian ice hockey league. Sweden, who were leading 2-0 at the time, ended up winning the match, their opening fixture of the Pyeongchang Games, by a 4-0 margin. 
964162146581073920	2018-02-15 15:39:03	https://t.co/Jz879EfC86	Short children face a greater risk of suffering a stroke as adults, study reveals https://t.co/Jz879EfC86	 Short children are at greater risk of suffering a stroke later in life, according to new research. Being two to three inches shorter growing up raised the likelihood of the disease in both men and women. The discovery follows research by British scientists showing the vertically challenged are at increased risk of a heart attack. The latest findings were based on more than 300,000 Danish schoolchildren born between 1930 and 1989. 'Short height in children is a marker of stroke risk' Those who were two inches shorter than average at seven, 10 and 13 were 11 per cent more likely to have an ischaemic stroke as adults than their taller peers. This is the most common form of the disease where a clot blocks blood and oxygen flow to the brain. Most cases were diagnosed between the ages of 55 and 75. Men, who were short as children were also 11 percent more likely to suffer a stroke triggered by bleeding on the brain, called an intracerebral haemorrhage. This did not apply to women. A stroke is a serious life-threatening medical condition that occurs when the blood supply to part of the brain is cut off. Strokes are a medical emergency and urgent treatment is essential.The sooner a person receives treatment for a stroke, the less damage is likely to happen. The main symptoms of stroke can be remembered with the word F.A.S.T.: Face – the face may have dropped on one side, the person may not be able to smile, or their mouth or eye may have dropped. Arms – the person with suspected stroke may not be able to lift both arms and keep them there because of weakness or numbness in one arm. Speech – their speech may be slurred or garbled, or the person may not be able to talk at all despite appearing to be awake. Time – it's time to dial 999 immediately if you see any of these signs or symptoms. Source: NHS Strokes, which occur when the blood supply to the brain is cut off, are the third most common cause of premature death and a leading cause of disability in the UK. They affect 57,000 people a year in England, alone. The average height of a 13 year old child is five feet three with a seven year old measuring around four feet. A previous study of more than a million adults found those who were two and a half inches taller than average were six and ten percent less likely to die from an ischaemic and intracerebral haemorrhage, respectively. But this is the first of its kind to look at the link with height in childhood. It could lead to prevention strategies, such as promoting healthier lifestyles for youngsters and encouraging women to eat well in pregnancy. Worldwide, higher height means fewer strokes Senior study author Professor Jennifer Baker said: 'Our study suggests short height in children is a possible marker of stroke risk and suggests these children should pay extra attention to changing or treating modifiable risk factors for stroke throughout life to reduce the chances of having this disease.' These include healthier diets and protecting against stress, said professor Baker who is a metabolic geneticist at the University of Copenhagen. She added: 'Although short stature has associations with the risk of stroke that are nearly as strong as for body mass index, studies investigating growth, as opposed to weight gain, have been neglected. 'A potential explanation is that it is not possible to intervene on adult height, and the effects of doing so in childhood are uncertain. 'However, in addition to being genetically determined, adult height is a marker of exposures affecting childhood growth - for example, maternal diet during pregnancy, childhood diet, infection, and psychological stress - of which many are modifiable and all are thought to affect the risk of stroke.' Researchers noted that a decline in stroke incidence and mortality rates in most high-income countries, mainly in women, occurred simultaneously with a general increase in adult height. Future studies should try to understand why, say scientists Taken together, this suggests the involvement of shared underlying mechanisms for height and stroke development. Professor Baker said: 'Height at seven years was inversely and significantly associated with ischaemic stroke in both sexes and with intracerebral haemorrhage in men. 'Associations were similar at older childhood ages and were stable throughout the study period.' She said the global burden of stroke will increase in the future, and identifying disease mechanisms that 'improve possibilities of prevention is essential.' Baker said: 'Our results support the potential role of early life exposures associated with growth before mid childhood in stroke genesis.' The researchers say the results published in Stroke have implications for understanding disease origin rather than for clinical risk prediction. They said future studies should focus on the mechanisms underlying the relationship between childhood height and later stroke. Heart disease also related to height A previous study by Leicester University found every 2.5 inches difference in height between two people makes the shorter person 13.5 per cent more likely to develop heart disease. The researchers studied the DNA of people of various heights; some had suffered heart disease and some had not. They found that the same genetic variants that help determine a person's adult height also influence the development of their cardiovascular system - using data from 200,000 people. The study found that, compared with someone who is 5ft 6in tall, a person who is just 5ft tall has on average a 32 per cent higher risk of coronary heart disease - the commonest cause of premature death worldwide. The condition narrows the arteries that supply blood to the heart, owing to a build-up of fatty material known as plaque inside the walls of the arteries. If a blood clot forms over the plaque an artery can become completely blocked, causing a heart attack. 
964160146225147904	2018-02-15 15:31:06	https://t.co/DCOHTEsARw	Stalker hurls acid over married woman in a busy mall in India after she refused his proposal on Valentine's Day https://t.co/DCOHTEsARw	 A stalker in India has attacked a married woman with acid after she refused his proposal on Valentine’s Day, leaving her permanently scarred. The 30-year-old victim, from a small village near Jaipur, in Rajasthan, northern India, was working as a cleaner in a mall when the accused, Mehboob Khan, is claimed to have approached her with a bottle of acid in his hand. Khan, a 35-year-old auto-rickshaw driver, had been stalking the victim for over two years and lived near her, police said, but had never previously been aggressive. But he allegedly threatened to kill her if she did not divorce her husband of ten years and marry him. Scroll down for video Never believing he would kill her, the mother of three refused his proposal again and walked away, but Khan, who has been divorced twice, quickly followed her and suddenly threw the bottle of acid over her face, chest and hands. The attack also injured Khan himself and another girl nearby, shopping in the mall. He tried to flee following the attack but he was apprehended by members of the public shopping in the mall who heard the victims screaming for help. The mall failed to have CCTV cameras installed where the incident happened, however, the moment people caught Khan before beating him was caught on another camera. Police were quickly informed and all three were rushed to a nearby government hospital, SMS Hospital. Doctors confirmed the victim suffered 15 per cent burns to her face and chest but is now in a stable condition. Khan is being treated at the same hospital but is being guarded by officers and will be arrested as soon as he is well enough to be discharged. Dr Sunil Srivasatava, assistant professor, at the department of plastic surgery and burns unit, at SMS Hospital, in Jaipur, said: 'She will unfortunately be scarred forever. She'll need at least two surgeries in the future for facial reconstruction and some portion of her arms. Fortunately, she’s not had any major organ loss. ‘She will be kept under observation for at least 45 days then her surgeries will be planned. Her attacker has suffered minor injuries on his arms and is getting basic treatment. He has not been affected badly but required admission to the hospital for treatment.’ Deputy Superintendent of Police Ashok Gupta, of Jaipur West, said: ‘The attacker was the neighbour of the woman and had been stalking her for more than two years. He tried to force her to divorce her husband and marry him. 'He approached her on Wednesday and repeated his demands and when the woman refused he threw acid on her. ‘The woman suffered 15per cent burns and the accused suffered minor injuries along with another girl in the mall. All of them are being treated in the same hospital. 'Police have registered a case against Mehboob Khan and imposed sections, 354D (stalking), 326A (throwing acid) 307 (attempt to murder) of the Indian Penal Code on him. He will be arrested following his discharge from hospital.’ 
964157134207442944	2018-02-15 15:19:08	https://t.co/SHRrNOS3OV	Would-be thieves bungle burglary as accomplice hits co-conspirator in the head with a brick https://t.co/SHRrNOS3OV	 Two would-be burglars have comically caused their own undoing after one man hurled a brick at the head of his partner-in-crime. The men were attempting a break-in at a building in China using two bricks, but their coordination left a lot to be desired. One thief can be seen throwing his weapon, before perilously walking across the line of fire of his co-conspirator and is subsequently collected by the second projectile. The incident occurred in the early hours of Valentine's Day outside a nondescript Shanghai warehouse. The footage was posted to Weibo by the Shanghai Police department, and has since been viewed nearly 15 million times on the streaming website alone. 'If thieves are at this level, the police will not have to work overtime,' they captioned the video. The men can be seen walking into shot across an empty car park before walking towards the building. They face a wall, potentially a window or door, before one unleashes his brick. The tool bounces back off the wall and onto the ground, sending one of the thieves scurrying over to it. Unfortunately for him, his friend has already wound up and thrown his weapon. The man walks straight into it, smashing him in the head and immediately felling the criminal. His concerned partner-in-crime rushes to his aid, before attempting to drag away what appears to be a now-unconscious man. Police are yet to track down the individuals, and the condition of the fallen thief is unknown.
964155089962315776	2018-02-15 15:11:01	https://t.co/VwmW7yCB4T	Former Pope Benedict is suffering debilitating paralysis that could spread to his heart, brother warns https://t.co/VwmW7yCB4T	 Former Pope Benedict is suffering debilitating paralysis that could spread to his heart, it has been revealed. The ex-head of the Catholic Church is battling a disease of his nervous system which means he often needs to use a wheelchair, his brother Georg Ratzinger said. Benedict, a German who in 2013 became the first pope in six centuries to resign, said earlier this month he was in 'the last phase of life' and on a 'pilgrimage towards home'. Georg, 94, told the Neue Post that his brother was mentally fit but that he tires easily. 'The greatest fear is that the paralysis could at some point spread to his heart. Then it could be over quickly,' said Ratzinger, adding he prayed every day for a 'good' death for himself and his brother. He also said the brothers spoke every day on the telephone. 'That is a great gift. In this way, no-one is alone.' 'I very much hope that I can travel one more time to Rome to celebrate the 91st birthday of my brother on April 16. 'But that is a long time away, who knows what will have happened by then,' Ratzinger was quoted as saying. Since resigning, Benedict, a conservative whose seven-year papacy was marked by mismanagement and financial scandals, has been living in a former convent in the Vatican gardens. He makes only rare public appearances. The Vatican had no immediate comment but a source close to the former pope said Benedict was continuing to receive visitors, including some just last week. Georg Ratzinger led one of Germany's most famous Roman Catholic choir schools, the Regensburger Domspatzen, or Regensburg Cathedral Sparrows, from 1964 to 1994. Last year, an independent report found that more than 500 pupils there had been subjected to physical or sexual abuse between 1945 and 2015. Ratzinger has acknowledged that he had slapped pupils in the face but said he had not realised how brutal the school's discipline was. Benedict, who in February 2013 became the first pope in six centuries to resign, last week wrote a letter to the Corriere della Sera newspaper thanking readers for their best wishes as he approaches the fifth anniversary of stepping down. 'I am moved that so many readers want to know how I spend my days in this, the last period of the life,' he wrote. 'I can only say that with the slow withering of my physical forces, interiorly, I am on a pilgrimage towards home.' Those close to him say he is still sharp mentally but has mobility problems and needs a walker to get around. 
964154628957986817	2018-02-15 15:09:11	https://t.co/1lQcv7hPGx	EXCLUSIVE: Exposed – the sinister masked guards watching every step of the North Korean cheerleaders https://t.co/1lQcv7hPGx	 The North Korean cheerleaders who have become a viral sensation at the Winter Olympics are watched over by ruthless masked minders who stop them from speaking to ordinary people, Dailymail.com can disclose. The young women's every move is shadowed by the sinister guards as they are shuttled from venue to venue – and they then form a ring of steel around them during the events at which they appear. The guards all carry Olympic security accreditation, raising questions over whether the Olympic Committee itself is complicit in the lack of freedom afforded to the troupe of 230 cheerleaders. Their outings involve lengthy trips from a closely-guarded ski resort where even their outings to restaurants are made in formation. North Korea's decision to send the troupe has been seen in some quarters as a propaganda victory, and there is no doubt the cheerleaders have generated fascination across the globe. Scroll down for video CNN called them 'weirdly mesmerizing' and Vox described them as 'social media stars.' The Wall Street Journal called them 'weapons of mass distraction.' In reality, however, their every move is guarded carefully by a group of guards who wear masks in an apparent attempt to keep their identities shielded. The guards are unarmed, having had to give up their guns under Olympic rules, but they are highly trained in martial arts and are members of elite units in their native North Korea. South Korean security guards are also part of the entourage although, that may be intended to prevent over-reaction by the North Korean guards, who come from a country with no concept of civil liberties. As well as highly regimented, the cheerleaders are fiercely partisan. A group who were present for Thursday's pair skating cheered loudly for North Korea's Ryom Tae Ok and Kim Ju Sik, but when American skaters Chris and Scimeca Knierim were announced, they sneered and turned their heads. Each outing of members of the troupe is under the supervision of an older man, who sits to the side. When he was approached by DailyMail.com, our reporter was hustled away. Our reporter approached the leader of the troupe at the all-Korean female ice-hockey match against historic rival Japan at the Kwandong Hockey Centre in Pyeongchang on Wednesday. The troupe was lapping up attention from the world's media, and spectators stood in line to take pictures of the spectacle. But the attention is a one-way street and when our reporter approached the leader to ask questions and offer a friendly gesture of a soft drink and snacks, the guards swept in. 'Move on, move on. You must go now,' a masked security operative demanded. The Communist censorship is in breach of Olympics rules which allow reporters to speak to officials freely at venues. The conduct underlines concerns that Kim Jong-Un's propaganda arm have been given a victory by Olympic organizers who want to push the cause of peace between North and South Korea, who are officially still at war. Trips to events – in this case an unsuccessful one, as the united Korea team lost – involve a long coach journey for the women, who are based at an obscure and guarded resort at the Inje Speedium, up to an hour and a half away from the main hub of the Winter Games. The women have been photographed going to restaurants in the resort, always in formation and with a male guard. The resort base makes it possible for them to be carefully watched – a necessity for a regime that has previously had a cheerleader defect to South Korea. And in 2006, 21 members of North Korean cheering squads who traveled to South Korea for sports events were sent to a prison camp for talking about what they saw in the South. The female squad apparently violated a pledge not to speak about what they saw in South Korea. There is a tough screening process to join the cheer squad. Women must be deemed attractive enough by the state and in their late teens to early 20s. They are said to be picked from Pyongyang universities and upper class families who are loyal to the regime. There is also a difficult screening process. According to North Korean defectors cited in the media, women need to be over 5'5'. Girls with family members living abroad are automatically disqualified as they are a flight risk. 
964154599346245632	2018-02-15 15:09:04	https://t.co/uj94kUMe6j	'Humbled' Cyril Ramaphosa declares he will tackle corruption in South Africa as he is sworn in as president https://t.co/uj94kUMe6j	 Cyril Ramaphosa has become South Africa's new President 19 years after Nelson Mandela put him forward him as his replacement. The multi-millionaire tycoon was voted into the post on Thursday after helping to force out predecessor and former boss Jacob Zuma amid a corruption probe. Ramaphosa, Mandela's chief negotiator during the end of apartheid, was favoured by man nicknamed Madiba to replace him as head of the ANC and as President in 1999. At Mandela's side when he was released from prison in 1990, Ramaphosa rose to world prominence and helped to write South Africa's constitution once white minority rule had ended. But his hopes of winning the top job were dashed when Thabo Mbeki won leadership of the ANC ahead of him. Disillusioned with politics, Ramaphosa left to make his millions, becoming one of Africa's richest men in the process, before returning to politics as deputy president of the ANC in 2012. Two years later he became the deputy President of South Africa, before assuming the leadership on Thursday. As Ramaphosa was sworn in, police issued an arrest warrant for Ajay Gupta, part of the powerful Gupta family who are at the heart of allegations against Zuma. South African authorities said eight people have been arrested after they Gupta home was raided on Wednesday, and they are seeking another five suspects. Zuma is accused of offering the Gupta family government contracts in return for favourable coverage in their news networks. Both parties deny this. Ramaphosa said issues of corruption and state ownership were 'on my radar' ahead of his swearing in. In an address to the parliament in Cape Town, Ramaphosa said he was 'humbled' by the honor and called for all parties to work together to serve their people. 'South Africa must come first in everything we do,' he said. Cheers and dancing broke out in parliament as the speaker earlier announced she had received a copy of Zuma's resignation letter ahead of the vote. As Ramaphosa was voted in, the South African rand surged to a near two-and-a-half year high while the stock market was on course for its best day in three years. Ramaphosa was the only candidate nominated for election in the parliament after two opposition parties said they would not participate. The opposition parties instead unsuccessfully called for the dissolution of the National Assembly and early elections. A national ballot is scheduled for 2019. The ruling African National Congress 'couldn't have got a better person to lead the country out of crisis', said William Gumede, professor at the school of governance at the University of the Witswatersrand. 'What's exciting about Ramaphosa is that he is a proven strategic thinker and actor,' Mr Gumede said. 'As the leader of the National Union of Mineworkers in the 1980s, as the ANC's negotiator to end apartheid, as the chairman of the assembly writing the constitution, Ramaphosa has negotiated very difficult, complex problems and he has delivered solutions.' Despite being part of Mr Zuma's government, Mr Ramaphosa became an increasingly outspoken critic of the corruption scandals surrounding the president. He vowed to steer South Africa from the turmoil that has hurt the economy and briefly sent it into recession last year. Still, as one of the country's wealthiest citizens, there is a wide gulf between Mr Ramaphosa and the vast majority of the people of South Africa, a mineral-rich country with one of the world's highest rates of inequality and unemployment hovering close to 30%. He also faces steep challenges with national elections in 2019 as the ANC saw its worst showing at the polls in 2016, losing the key municipalities including Johannesburg and the capital, Pretoria. 'Cyril Ramaphosa inherits an alarming mess from Jacob Zuma,' said Ben Payton, head of Africa research for Verisk Maplecroft. Restoring confidence in the troubled mining sector, ending the corruption around state-owned enterprises and winning over Mr Zuma's supporters within the ANC should be among his top priorities, Mr Payton said. Mr Ramaphosa, he said, will be 'walking a tightrope, balancing the competing priorities of holding his party together while avoiding economic disaster'. Mr Ramaphosa became the leader of the ANC, Africa's oldest liberation movement, in December by narrowly defeating Zuma's ex-wife, Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma. He quickly spoke out against the corruption that had weakened the ANC, which has been in power since the end of white minority rule in 1994, and sped up the momentum that led to Mr Zuma's resignation. Mr Ramaphosa knew well what was needed to bring about a change of leadership as he has been a key ANC figure for decades, having served on its National Executive Committee for 26 years. Zuma, nicknamed the 'Teflon President', resigned in a nationally televised address late Wednesday after the ANC instructed him to step down or face a parliamentary motion of no confidence that he would almost certainly lose. Ramaphosa has promised to fight the corruption that turned some supporters against the ANC during the months of growing public anger over the scandals surrounding Zuma. The new president is challenged with reviving the reputation of Africa's most prominent liberation movement, which fought the former system of white minority rule known as apartheid and took power in 1994 in the first all-race elections. On Thursday the foundation of Nelson Mandela, South Africa's first black president, welcomed Zuma's departure but said the state must act against 'networks of criminality' that have hurt the country's democracy. As the country marks the centenary of Mandela's 1918 birth, 'there is a need to reckon with the failures of the democratic era,' the foundation said. 'We believe that we are at a critical moment in our history, one which offers us the unique opportunity to reflect, to rebuild, and to transform.' Zuma kept South Africans guessing as to whether he would resign until the final part of a half-hour speech on Wednesday night, insisting that he was not fazed by the no confidence motion being organised against him by the ANC in the national assembly. The 75-year-old president said he disagreed with the way the ANC wanted him to depart ahead of schedule following the election of Cyril Ramaphosa as party president in December. 'Even though I disagree with the decision of the leadership of my organisation, I have always been a disciplined member of the ANC,' he said. Zuma - in power since 2009 - had been under increasing pressure to hand power over to Ramaphosa because of the almost 800 corruption allegations he faces. He is one of South Africa's richest businessmen and has faced claims of being a 'silent deputy' during Jacob Zuma's scandal-hit administration. Cyril Ramaphosa has now replaced the veteran president after the 75-year-old finally resigned. A veteran of the struggle to end apartheid, the 65-year-old has promoted himself as a reformer - but is not free from controversy himself. Many South Africans remember that Mr Ramaphosa was a board member of the Lonmin mining group at the time of the Marikana killings in 2012, when police shot dead 34 striking mine workers. In 2017, he was accused of having affairs with several young women, which he denied. Elected to lead the ruling African National Congress (ANC) in December, Ramaphosa was also the party's candidate for president in the 2019 run off. He held off competition from Zuma's ex wife and former cabinet minister Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma in a bitter political campaign which threatened to tear the party apart. Ramaphosa's long and eventful career has taken him from trade union activist to multi-millionaire and now to within touching distance of the South African presidency. After South Africa dismantled apartheid, Ramaphosa saw his hopes for the country's top job dashed. True to his pragmatic character, he opted instead for life in business - a move that brought him spectacular wealth. But his election last year as head of the ruling African National Congress (ANC) brings him to the brink of realising his dream. It was after Ramaphosa failed to clinch the ANC nomination to succeed president Nelson Mandela in 1999 that he swapped politics for a foray into business that made him one of the wealthiest people in Africa. Mandela once described Ramaphosa as one of the most gifted leaders of the 'new generation' - the young campaigners who rose in the 1970s, filling the void left by their jailed elders. During his business career, Ramaphosa held stakes in McDonald's and Coca-Cola and made millions in deals that required investors to partner with non-white shareholders. He became one of the richest men on the continent - reaching number 42 on Forbes list of Africa's wealthiest people in 2015 with a net worth of $450 million (383 million euros). Out of politics for a decade, Ramaphosa returned to frontline politics in 2012 when he was elected to the ANC's number-two post. He became deputy president of the nation in 2014, but had to tread a careful line. He had to both serve Zuma - tarred by accusations of corruption and incompetence - and also deliver occasional, cautious criticism of his political master. His ambivalence has led to criticism. Mmusi Maimane, leader of the main opposition Democratic Alliance party, accused Ramaphosa of being 'at best a silent deputy president, and at worst a complicit one'. Born on November 17, 1952 in Soweto township west of Johannesburg - a centre of the anti-apartheid struggle - Ramaphosa became involved with student activism while studying law in the 1970s. He was arrested in 1974 and spent 11 months in solitary confinement. After studying, he turned to trade unionism - one of the few legal ways of protesting the white-minority regime. He founded the National Union of Mineworkers (NUM) in 1982 which grew to 300,000 members and led massive mine strikes in 1987 that shook the foundations of white rule. When Mandela was released in 1990 after 27 years in prison for opposing apartheid, Ramaphosa was a key part of the taskforce that led the transition to democracy. Ramaphosa won global prominence as the ANC's lead negotiator, with his contribution seen as one factor in the success of the talks and the resulting peaceful democratic handover. He then led the group that drew up the country's world-renowned new constitution. Ramaphosa - who is relaxed and low-key at public appearances - has managed to steer clear of major corruption scandals but his return to politics has not been free from controversy. His popularity was badly shaken in 2012 when 34 striking mine workers were killed by police at the Marikana platinum mine, operated by London-listed Lonmin, where he was then a non-executive director. Shortly before the massacre - the worst police killing since the end of apartheid - Ramaphosa had called for a crackdown on the strikers, whom he accused of 'dastardly criminal' behaviour. Ramaphosa has four children with his second wife Tshepo Motsepe, a doctor. In 2017, he was accused of having affairs with several young women, which he denied. Ramaphosa did admit to an extramarital affair but told local media that he had since disclosed the relationship to his wife. Some saw the sudden revelations as a smear campaign by associates of President Zuma determined to ensure that Dlamini-Zuma takes the ANC top job. The impact of the scandal was short-lived, and Ramaphosa based his campaign on his pledge to rebuild the country's economy, boost growth and create much-needed jobs. Earlier on Wednesday he had flatly rejected an order by the ANC to resign, arguing the that the governing party's demands were 'very unfair'. 'I need to be furnished on what I have done [wrong] and unfortunately that hasn't been done,' he said. The interview was held after police raided the residential compound of the wealthy Gupta family, described as some of President Zuma's closest allies. An elite police unit entered the compound of the Guptas, who are accused of using their connections to the president to influence Cabinet appointments and win state contracts. The Indian-born family have long been implicated in corruption cases linked to the President but have been largely untouchable - until now. Both parties deny all allegations of wrongdoing. After being voted in, Ramaphosa will address lawmakers gathered in the parliament in Cape Town, the party said in a statement. 'The office of the chief justice has made itself available today to officiate in the business of electing a new president,' the ANC chief whip, Jackson Mthembu, told a parliamentary committee meeting. Zuma is currently waiting for South Africa's chief prosecutor to make a decision on whether he will face old charges of corruption over an arms deal two decades ago. Ramaphosa was due to take over as ANC leader in 2019 after being chosen to do so in December. His first state of the nation address is expected on Friday, after the speech, scheduled to be delivered by Zuma, was postponed as pressure mounted. The rand currency, which has gained ground whenever Zuma hit political turbulence, soared to a near three-year high against the dollar on Zuma's resignation. April 12, 1942: Zuma is born in rural Nkandla in KwaZulu-Natal province. He grows up without formal schooling. 1963: A member of the armed wing of the ANC, he is convicted of trying to overthrow the apartheid government and serves 10 years on the Robben Island prison alongside Nelson Mandela. 1973: Freed, he sets up underground ANC networks and then is the group's chief of intelligence from Zambia. 1990: After 15 years mostly spent in exile, he returns to South Africa when the ANC is unbanned. He is key in talks that lead to a national unity government after the first all-race elections, in 1994, won by the ANC. 1997: He becomes the ANC's vice president. Two years later he is elected deputy president of the country. 2006: He is cleared of rape charges but ridiculed for testifying he took a shower after consensual sex with his HIV-positive accuser. 2009: Two years after ousting Thabo Mbeki as ANC leader, he is elected president. He is re-elected in 2014. 2016: A top court finds he flouted the constitution by using public funds to upgrade his private residence. An anti-corruption watchdog meanwhile charges he allowed a wealthy Indian business family, the Guptas, undue influence over his government. 2017: Zuma fires his finance minister, unleashing open war in the ANC. August 2017: He survives a fourth impeachment vote since 2015. December 2017: He is replaced as ANC chief by his deputy, Cyril Ramaphosa, and comes under pressure to quit the presidency early, ahead of the next elections. February 14, 2018: Resigns from the presidency after the ANC threatens a no-confidence vote in parliament. The FTSE/JSE Africa All Share Index rose as much as 2.7 percent, while the rand reached its strongest level since February 2015, gaining 0.5 percent at 11.6570 for one US dollar in early trading. For South Africans, who have suffered economic stagnation and national embarrassment following the endless allegations of corruption against Zuma, his presidency only highlighted the failure of national politics. The party suffered major setbacks in South Africa's local elections in 2016 and is at risk of losing its majority in general elections scheduled for next year. In 2006 Zuma was acquitted of raping a family friend and he is still challenging numerous counts of corruption related to a government arms deal from the late 1990s when he was deputy president. Despite presenting himself as an anti-apartheid veteran, Zuma's waning political credentials were confirmed last December when deputy president Ramaphosa replaced him as ruling party leader. He was further embarrassed when he failed to repay public money he had used to renovate his home. Cyril Ramaphosa's long and eventful career has taken him from trade union activist to multi-millionaire. Ramaphosa became involved with student activism while studying law in the 1970s. He was arrested in 1974 and spent 11 months in solitary confinement. After studying, he turned to trade unionism - one of the few legal ways of protesting against the white-minority regime. He founded the National Union of Mineworkers (NUM) in 1982 which grew to have 300,000 members and led massive mine strikes in 1987 that shook the foundations of white rule. When Nelson Mandela was released in 1990 after 27 years in prison for opposing apartheid, Ramaphosa was a key part of the taskforce that led the transition to democracy. Ramaphosa rose to global prominence as the ANC's lead negotiator, with his contribution seen as one factor in the success of the talks and the resulting peaceful democratic handover. During his business career, Ramaphosa held stakes in McDonald's and Coca-Cola's local ventures and made millions in deals that required investors to partner with non-white shareholders. He became one of the richest men on the continent - reaching number 42 on the Forbes list of Africa's wealthiest people in 2015 with a net worth of $450million (£320million). Out of politics for a decade, Ramaphosa returned to the fray in 2012 when he was elected to the ANC's number two post. His popularity was badly shaken when 34 striking mine workers were killed by police at the Marikana platinum mine, operated by London-listed Lonmin, where he was then a non-executive director. Shortly before the massacre - the worst police killing since the end of apartheid - Ramaphosa had called for a crackdown on the strikers, whom he accused of 'dastardly criminal' behaviour. Scandal-tainted South African President Jacob Zuma resigned after years of corruption scandals. Here are five of his biggest scandals: RAPE CHARGES AND HIV Before taking office, Zuma was put on trial in 2006 for rape, in a case that dismayed many South Africans. Zuma said the sex with the 31-year-old family friend was consensual and he was acquitted. But he told the court he had showered to avoid contracting HIV after having unprotected sex with his HIV-positive accuser - a common but dangerous myth. Zuma was head of the South African National AIDS Council at the time, and was pilloried for his ignorance. He is still mocked in newspaper cartoons, which often depict him with a shower nozzle sprouting from his bald head. Nearly a fifth of South Africans aged between 15 and 49 are HIV-positive. NKANDLA COSTS Zuma was found by the country's graft watchdog in 2014 to have "benefited unduly" from so-called security upgrades to his rural Nkandla residence in KwaZulu-Natal province. It said he should refund some of the money. The work, paid for with taxpayers' money, cost $24million (£17.31million) and included a swimming pool, which was described as a fire-fighting facility, a chicken run, a cattle enclosure, an amphitheatre and a visitors' centre. For two years, Zuma fought the order to repay part of the money. The scandal came to dominate his presidency -- with opposition lawmakers chanting "Pay back the money!" every time he appeared in parliament. In March 2016 he was ordered by the Constitutional Court to pay back the cash and suffered a stinging rebuke from the justices who accused him of failing to respect and uphold the constitution. GUPTAGATE As the Nkandla debacle built to a climax, its place in the headlines was overtaken by a new scandal, known as Guptagate. It involved the president's allegedly corrupt relationship with the Gupta brothers, who built a business empire in mining, media, technology and engineering. Smouldering rumours of the family's undue influence on the president burst into flames in 2016 when evidence emerged they allegedly offered key government jobs to those who might help their business interests. Ousted deputy finance minister Mcebisi Jonas revealed that the Guptas had offered him a promotion shortly before Zuma sacked respected finance minister Nhlanhla Nene in December 2015. The opposition Democratic Alliance (DA) laid corruption charges against the Guptas and Zuma's son Duduzane. ARMS DEAL In October 2017, after a marathon legal campaign by the DA party, the Supreme Court of Appeal ruled that Zuma was liable for prosecution over almost 800 counts of corruption relating to a 1990s arms deal. The accusations relate to a multi-billion-dollar arms deal signed in 1999, when Zuma was deputy president. He allegedly accepted bribes from international arms manufacturers to influence the choice of weaponry. Zuma's advisor, Schabir Shaik, was jailed for 15 years in 2005. He was released on medical parole in 2009, the year Zuma became president. After he leaves office, Zuma faces the risk of jail over 18 criminal charges over the 783 payments he received. OMAR AL-BASHIR In March 2016 the South African Supreme Court of Appeal upheld a judgement that the failure by Zuma's government to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir was illegal. Despite an arrest warrant from the International Criminal Court on charges of war crimes in the conflict in Darfur, Bashir was allowed to attend a meeting of the African Union in Johannesburg in 2015. The government said the fact that he was attending the summit as a head of state meant he had immunity, but the court disagreed. Zuma escaped an impeachment attempt over the issue in parliament in September 2016, when ANC lawmakers voted overwhelmingly against it. A politically-connected business dynasty that moved to South Africa from India, the Gupta family finds itself at the centre of many of the scandals that dogged President Jacob Zuma's administration. The Guptas' prominent role in his presidency was highlighted on Wednesday as elite crime-busters raided the family's mansion in Johannesburg. WHO ARE THE GUPTAS? The family is headed by Ajay, Atul and Rajesh 'Tony' Gupta, three brothers from the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. Led by Atul, they arrived in South Africa in 1993 as white-minority apartheid rule crumbled, a year before Nelson Mandela won the country's first democratic elections. As the country opened up to foreign investment, the Guptas - previously small-scale businessmen in India - built a sprawling empire involved in computers, mining, media, technology and engineering. The New Age, an ardently pro-Zuma newspaper, was launched in 2010, and the 24-hour news channel ANN7 took to the airwaves in 2013 with a similar editorial slant. They had developed close links with the ruling African National Congress (ANC) party focusing particularly on Zuma, well before he became president in 2009. 'ZUPTA' - ZUMA'S TIES TO THE BROTHERS Zuma's son Duduzane was a director of the Gupta-owned Sahara Computers, named after their hometown of Saharanpur, and has been involved with several of the family's other companies. Zuma's third wife Bongi Ngema and one of his daughters have also been in the employ of the Guptas. Former deputy finance minister Mcebisi Jonas claimed in March 2015 that the Guptas had offered him the post of finance minister, in return for obeying the family's instructions - for which he would allegedly be paid 600 million rand ($50 million). Backbench ANC lawmaker David van Rooyen was then revealed to have visited the Guptas' home the night before his brief appointment as finance minister on December 9, 2015. Both the Guptas and Zuma, who has described the brothers as friends, deny any wrongdoing. TIED IN KNOTS Perhaps one of the most colourful Gupta-linked incidents related to a family wedding in 2013. Public anger erupted after it was revealed that a jet carrying 217 foreign guests to a Gupta wedding landed at Waterkloof Air Force base, outside Pretoria. The airport is a military facility normally used for receiving heads of state. It appeared that Zuma, who was the guest of honour, had tacitly approved the decision, which breached air force and customs and immigration rules. There were also allegations that the law was broken when the guests were given a police 'blue light' escort. WHAT ABOUT THEIR BUSINESSES The Gupta business empire has been repeatedly accused of securing deals with South Africa's giant state-owned companies on wildly favourable terms. South Africa's ethics watchdog, the Public Protector, published a damning report in October 2016, finding that the state-owned electricity monopoly had awarded a massive coal order to a then-Gupta linked business at well above market prices. The report also alleged that former mining minister Mosebenzi Zwane 'travelled to Switzerland with the Guptas to help them seal the deal' to buy a struggling coal mine. The family is mentioned 232 times in the report, entitled 'State of Capture' because of the influence that the Guptas are alleged to have exerted on some branches of the state. WHAT NOW? In recent years, major banks have withdrawn their facilities to the Gupta family, complicating the payment of salaries to staff and the day-to-day running of a complex, cash-intensive business empire. India's Bank of Baroda, thought to be the last major bank to continue its relationship with the Guptas in South Africa, recently announced it would withdraw from the country, effectively ending its association with the controversial family. They also face the prospect of a judge-led inquiry into their business dealings, as recommended by the public protector's report. One of the biggest scandals in South Africa is over a scheme that allegedly siphoned millions of dollars from a black-empowerment agriculture project. Further arrests in this case could spell the end for the family's foothold in South Africa, commentators predict. Since pressure began to mount on the Guptas, they have been reported to be moving their base to Dubai. 
964151272373878785	2018-02-15 14:55:51	https://t.co/qgnJkYZXRx	Stalker hurls acid over married woman in a busy mall in India after she refused his proposal https://t.co/qgnJkYZXRx	 A stalker in India has attacked a married woman with acid after she refused his proposal on Valentine’s Day, leaving her permanently scarred. The 30-year-old victim, from a small village near Jaipur, in Rajasthan, northern India, was working as a cleaner in a mall when the accused, Mehboob Khan, is claimed to have approached her with a bottle of acid in his hand. Khan, a 35-year-old auto-rickshaw driver, had been stalking the victim for over two years and lived near her, police said, but had never previously been aggressive. But he allegedly threatened to kill her if she did not divorce her husband of ten years and marry him. Scroll down for video Never believing he would kill her, the mother of three refused his proposal again and walked away, but Khan, who has been divorced twice, quickly followed her and suddenly threw the bottle of acid over her face, chest and hands. The attack also injured Khan himself and another girl nearby, shopping in the mall. He tried to flee following the attack but he was apprehended by members of the public shopping in the mall who heard the victims screaming for help. The mall failed to have CCTV cameras installed where the incident happened, however, the moment people caught Khan before beating him was caught on another camera. Police were quickly informed and all three were rushed to a nearby government hospital, SMS Hospital. Doctors confirmed the victim suffered 15 per cent burns to her face and chest but is now in a stable condition. Khan is being treated at the same hospital but is being guarded by officers and will be arrested as soon as he is well enough to be discharged. Dr Sunil Srivasatava, assistant professor, at the department of plastic surgery and burns unit, at SMS Hospital, in Jaipur, said: 'She will unfortunately be scarred forever. She'll need at least two surgeries in the future for facial reconstruction and some portion of her arms. Fortunately, she’s not had any major organ loss. ‘She will be kept under observation for at least 45 days then her surgeries will be planned. Her attacker has suffered minor injuries on his arms and is getting basic treatment. He has not been affected badly but required admission to the hospital for treatment.’ Deputy Superintendent of Police Ashok Gupta, of Jaipur West, said: ‘The attacker was the neighbour of the woman and had been stalking her for more than two years. He tried to force her to divorce her husband and marry him. 'He approached her on Wednesday and repeated his demands and when the woman refused he threw acid on her. ‘The woman suffered 15per cent burns and the accused suffered minor injuries along with another girl in the mall. All of them are being treated in the same hospital. 'Police have registered a case against Mehboob Khan and imposed sections, 354D (stalking), 326A (throwing acid) 307 (attempt to murder) of the Indian Penal Code on him. He will be arrested following his discharge from hospital.’ 
964147032435888128	2018-02-15 14:39:00	https://t.co/wpyIubHChE	Exposed – the sinister masked guards watching every step of the North Korean cheerleaders https://t.co/wpyIubHChE	 The North Korean cheerleaders who have become a viral sensation at the Winter Olympics are watched over by ruthless masked minders who stop them from speaking to ordinary people, Dailymail.com can disclose. The young women's every move is shadowed by the sinister guards as they are shuttled from venue to venue – and they then form a ring of steel around them during the events at which they appear. The guards all carry Olympic security accreditation, raising questions over whether the Olympic Committee itself is complicit in the lack of freedom afforded to the troupe of 230 cheerleaders. Their outings involve lengthy trips from a closely-guarded ski resort where even their outings to restaurants are made in formation. North Korea's decision to send the troupe has been seen in some quarters as a propaganda victory, and there is no doubt the cheerleaders have generated fascination across the globe. Scroll down for video CNN called them 'weirdly mesmerizing' and Vox described them as 'social media stars.' The Wall Street Journal called them 'weapons of mass distraction.' In reality, however, their every move is guarded carefully by a group of guards who wear masks in an apparent attempt to keep their identities shielded. The guards are unarmed, having had to give up their guns under Olympic rules, but they are highly trained in martial arts and are members of elite units in their native North Korea. South Korean security guards are also part of the entourage although, that may be intended to prevent over-reaction by the North Korean guards, who come from a country with no concept of civil liberties. As well as highly regimented, the cheerleaders are fiercely partisan. A group who were present for Thursday's pair skating cheered loudly for North Korea's Ryom Tae Ok and Kim Ju Sik, but when American skaters Chris and Scimeca Knierim were announced, they sneered and turned their heads. Each outing of members of the troupe is under the supervision of an older man, who sits to the side. When he was approached by DailyMail.com, our reporter was hustled away. Our reporter approached the leader of the troupe at the all-Korean female ice-hockey match against historic rival Japan at the Kwandong Hockey Centre in Pyeongchang on Wednesday. The troupe was lapping up attention from the world's media, and spectators stood in line to take pictures of the spectacle. But the attention is a one-way street and when our reporter approached the leader to ask questions and offer a friendly gesture of a soft drink and snacks, the guards swept in. 'Move on, move on. You must go now,' a masked security operative demanded. The Communist censorship is in breach of Olympics rules which allow reporters to speak to officials freely at venues. The conduct underlines concerns that Kim Jong-Un's propaganda arm have been given a victory by Olympic organizers who want to push the cause of peace between North and South Korea, who are officially still at war. Trips to events – in this case an unsuccessful one, as the united Korea team lost – involve a long coach journey for the women, who are based at an obscure and guarded resort at the Inje Speedium, up to an hour and a half away from the main hub of the Winter Games. The women have been photographed going to restaurants in the resort, always in formation and with a male guard. The resort base makes it possible for them to be carefully watched – a necessity for a regime that has previously had a cheerleader defect to South Korea. And in 2006, 21 members of North Korean cheering squads who traveled to South Korea for sports events were sent to a prison camp for talking about what they saw in the South. The female squad apparently violated a pledge not to speak about what they saw in South Korea. There is a tough screening process to join the cheer squad. Women must be deemed attractive enough by the state and in their late teens to early 20s. They are said to be picked from Pyongyang universities and upper class families who are loyal to the regime. There is also a difficult screening process. According to North Korean defectors cited in the media, women need to be over 5'5'. Girls with family members living abroad are automatically disqualified as they are a flight risk. 
964142039481937920	2018-02-15 14:19:09	https://t.co/FeL2iJLxe0	Hungry young leopard suffers a brutal blow from a zebra's hoof after failing to bring down a topi antelope https://t.co/FeL2iJLxe0	 These stunning pictures show a young leopard in Kenya learning a hard lesson as he tried and failed to pounce on a topi and a zebra. The juvenile leopard was positioned lying perfectly still in the rocks of a waterhole used by potential prey, before launching out at a 150kg topi antelope three times its weight. But after trying to sink his claws into the topi's rump he was shaken aside by the larger animal, before pouncing on a small herd of zebra stallions, one of whom saw him off with a flying hoof kick. The leopard's failed attempts at hunting were captured by Paul Goldstein in Kenya's Maasai Mara last month. The wildlife photographer, from Wimbledon, said: 'In January, around mid-morning the Maasai Mara is hot, not normally the time you would expect a leopard to be hunting. 'This is a young male leopard of about 20 months and had no business even contemplating taking on such large adversaries. 'This was a mismatch but intensely exciting. The leopard then slunk off to the bushes with its tail firmly between its legs and slept for the rest of the day. It took me and everyone else much longer to calm down.' Paul was working as a guide for Exodus Travels and Kicheche Bush Camp, which he co-owns. 
964136977540026369	2018-02-15 13:59:02	https://t.co/bIyLMrbh37	Brain surgery could 'spread' Alzheimer's disease, new research suggests https://t.co/bIyLMrbh37	 Brain surgery may 'spread' Alzheimer's disease, new research suggests today. Amyloid proteins, which have previously been associated with the condition, may be transmitted on poorly cleaned surgical instruments used during such procedures, a study implies. After analysing four people aged 30-to-57 with brain bleeds caused by the build-up of amyloid plaques, researchers discovered they all underwent brain surgery when they were younger. This may explain why the amyloid protein, which normally only affects people over 65, accumulated in the younger patients, the scientists add. Previous studies suggest tiny amounts of amyloid proteins can 'stick' to steel wires and be transmitted into animals' brains. Past findings also show abnormal proteins responsible for the degenerative brain disorder Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease can be transmitted between patients during certain medical procedures. The researchers add, however, the build-up of amyloid proteins does not necessarily indicate Alzheimer's disease, with none of the study's participants showing signs of early-onset dementia. A breakthrough Alzheimer's drug edges scientists one step closer to a cure, new research suggested in November 2017. Taken twice a day, a tablet, known as LMTX, significantly improves dementia sufferers' brain injuries to the extent their MRI scans resemble those of healthy people after just nine months, a study found. Lead author Professor Gordon Wilcock from the University of Oxford told MailOnline: 'I haven't seen such brain injury recovery before after a drug treatment.' LMTX, which is under investigation, also significantly improves patients' abilities to carry out everyday tasks such as bathing and dressing themselves, while also boosting their capabilities to correctly name objects and remember the date, the research adds. The drug contains a chemical that dissolves protein 'tangles' in the brain that clump together to form plaques in the region associated with memory, according to its manufacturer TauRx Pharmaceuticals. Dissolving these tangles and preventing the formation of new plaques may slow or even halt memory loss in dementia sufferers, the pharma company adds. The researchers, from the universities of Oxford and Aberdeen, analysed 800 Alzheimer's patients across 12 countries. The study's participants received either 100mg or 4mg LMTX tablets twice a day for 18 months. They were tested on their ability to name objects, follow commands such as 'make a fist', recall items from a list of 10 and identify their name, the time and date. Their ability to eat without help, use a telephone, wash and dress themselves, and control their bowel and bladder was also assessed. MRI scans monitored the participants' brain injury. 'Amyloid pathology may be transmissible' A separate investigation by the same researchers revealed four men with a history of head trauma who underwent brain surgery as children also had these amyloid build-ups. Lead author Professor Sebastian Brandner, from University College London, said: 'We have found new evidence that amyloid beta pathology may be transmissible. 'This does not mean that Alzheimer's disease can be transmitted, as we did not find any significant amount of pathological tau protein which is the other hallmark protein of Alzheimer's disease. 'The possibility of pathological protein transmission, while rare, should factor into reviews of sterilisation and safety practices for surgical procedures.' Study author Dr Zane Jaunmuktane added: 'Neurosurgery is becoming increasingly common in older individuals. 'As amyloid beta pathology increases in brains with age, this raises the potential for onward transmission of protein pathology to other individuals in the same hospital.' The researchers plan to investigate the subject in a larger study. 'There is no evidence Alzheimer's can be transmitted through brain surgery' On the back of these findings, Dr David Reynolds, chief scientific officer at Alzheimer’s Research UK, said: 'While it is too early to draw any firm conclusions from such a small study, the finding that people with a rare amyloid-related disease all had brain operations early in life raises the possibility of amyloid having been passed from one person to another during neurosurgery. 'Any potential link will need to be explored in much larger studies, but it is important to remember that people receive vital and often life-saving brain surgery every day in the UK and any potential risk of disease from these procedures is minimal. 'Since the surgeries relating to these findings were carried out, strict guidelines surrounding the sterilisation and use of equipment during surgery have been introduced and continue to be evaluated. 'This study didn't look at whether those who underwent neurosurgery in childhood went on to develop Alzheimer's disease and there is currently no evidence that Alzheimer's can be transmitted through brain surgery.' Pauses in speech and taking longer to talk may be early signs of mental decline, research suggested in July 2017. People with a family history of Alzheimer's disease who are at-risk of developing the condition are less able to express their ideas and have reduced 'fluency' when speaking, a study found. They also use words such as 'it' or 'they' rather than specific names for things and speak in shorter sentences, the research adds. Julie Liss, a speech expert at Arizona State University, who was not involved in the study, said: 'Those are all indicators of struggling with that computational load that the brain has to conduct'. The researchers, from the University of Wisconsin-Madison, conducted a picture-description test on 400 healthy people. Such tests involve participants viewing a picture and answering a multiple-choice question about it. The researchers carried out the same test on 264 people in their 50s and 60s, most of which had a parent with Alzheimer's disease and were considered at-risk of the condition. Two years later, the same participants repeated the test. How the research was carried out For the first part of the investigation, the researchers analysed the medical records of the four study participants. At the time of the analysis, one of the patients was 57, while the remainder were in their 30s. It is very rare for amyloid plaques to accumulate in non-elderly people. The findings were published in the journal Acta Neuropathologica. Hybrid diet could prevent dementia This comes after research released in January 2018 suggested scientists have created a hybrid diet that prevents dementia. A combination of the Mediterranean way of eating and the so-called low-fat DASH diet maintains at-risk people's thinking, reasoning and memories, a study found. DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) is promoted by the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute to prevent and control hypertension. The eating plan is rich in fruits, vegetables, nuts, lean meat, whole grains and fish. Followers of such eating habits, in a diet known as MIND, are required to consume nine foods or drinks regularly, including at least one portion of green leafy vegetables a day, berries twice a week and even a daily glass of wine, the research adds. It also allows dieters to munch on sweets and pastries, providing they limit themselves to just four times a week, the study found. When stroke survivors who suffered cognitive decline followed the MIND diet for up to 13 years, their risk of developing dementia significantly reduced, with researchers stressing such eating habits will also benefit the brains of healthy people. Study author Dr Laurel Cherian from Rush University, said: 'The goal is to emphasize foods that will not only lower our risk of heart attacks and stroke, but make our brains as resilient as possible to cognitive decline.'
964131220161474561	2018-02-15 13:36:10	https://t.co/gGqSgFRhq6	Swedish beggar who threatened passers-by so they'd hand over money is found with £500k in his pockets https://t.co/gGqSgFRhq6	 A beggar who was threatening passers-by to get their money has been found to have more than half a million pounds of cash in his pockets. The man was stopped by police after he had been bullying local people to give him cash when banknotes started falling out of his jacket. It took officers more than a day to count out all the cash, which added up to an astonishing six million Swedish krona, or £537,000. He had been bothering people outside Resecentrum station in Uppsala, Sweden, The Sun reports. As the largest banknote in Swedish currency is 1,000 krona (£90), the man must have had at least 6,000 banknotes on him. An Uppsala Police spokesperson said the unnamed man had been arrested on suspicion of money laundering, which in Sweden can lead to a two-year prison sentence. She said the man had been 'very angry' when demanding money but police did not know whether he had got the money through begging. He could have got the enormous sum through winning a lottery or from the proceeds of crime, she said. The man had been trying to collect enough money to get on a train to his home in the west of Sweden, she said. 'I have never heard of so much money in a situation like this. There were just more and more bundles,' said police chief Jale Poljarevius. 'Anyone who walks around with six million in cash will be a suspect of crime.' Uppsala is Sweden's fourth-largest city, around 50 miles north of Stockholm. 
964126924732813318	2018-02-15 13:19:06	https://t.co/dQKK8UbQrQ	German cities plagued by pollution to offer FREE public transport to tackle air quality https://t.co/dQKK8UbQrQ	 Germany is considering offering free public transport to people living in cities suffering poor air quality as part of a drive to reduce pollution. The measure is just one of a series - including incentives to switch to electric cars and the introduction of low-emission zones - recommended in a letter sent from German ministers to EU Environment Commissioner Karmenu Vella. The ministers propose testing the measures in Bonn, Essen, Herrenberg, Reutlingen and Mannheim before the end of the year, then rolling out the most successful to other cities. Germany has been under pressure from the European Commission, which in January promised to get tough on air quality and threatened to penalize members that breached EU rules on pollutants such as nitrogen oxide and particulate matter. German authorities face legal action because of air quality problems in cities. It was one of eight EU countries, including Spain and Italy, that missed a January 30 target to bring air pollution levels in cities to within safe levels. Vella has granted an extension, but warned she wanted to see action soon, or would level hefty fines. The authors - which included Environment Minister Barbara Hendricks, Agriculture Minister Christian Schmidt and chancellery chief Peter Altmaier - said they had agreed the measures with Germany's federal states and municipalities. 'We are considering public transport free of charge in order to reduce the number of private cars,' the letter said. 'Effectively fighting air pollution without any further unnecessary delays is of the highest priority for Germany.' But Helmut Dedy, the head of the Council of German Cities, said he was surprised by the proposal. There had been plans for lowering ticket prices in some cities, he said, adding that the federal government would have to finance public transport to make it free. Most local public transport in Germany is currently owned by municipalities. 'Life-threatening' pollution affects more than 130 cities in Europe, according to the commission, causing some 400,000 deaths and costing €20billon (£18billion) in health spending per year in the bloc. Countries that fail to keep to EU limits could face legal action at the European court of justice, the EU's highest tribunal, which can levy fines on member states.
964121878783766530	2018-02-15 12:59:03	https://t.co/m1kccHBQnG	Ancient Peruvian elites bound babies' heads to planks of wood 900 years ago to give them elongated 'alien' skulls https://t.co/m1kccHBQnG	 Peruvian elites in the 1100s were easy to spot: they had abnormally elongated skulls. Important members of the ancient Collagua group in Peru practiced head-shaping, and a stretched, elongated look became a status symbol for elite Collagua. The Collagua, who lived in the Colca Valley of southeastern Peru, likely modified the heads of babies using bandages or special hats, in order to elongate their heads and create 'alien-shaped' skulls. According to new research, these head-shaping practices may have provided a symbolic basis for the cooperation of elite groups during an era of intense conflict. However, the class boundaries formed through head-shaping may have contributed to growing social inequality even before the period of the Incan empire's expansion in South America. Matthew Velasco, a bioarchaeologist at Cornell University who conducted the study, told Science News that the 'increasingly uniform head shapes may have encouraged a collective identity and political unity among Collagua elites.' Velasco says that Collagua leaders may have negotiated ways to live peacefully alongside the invading Incas, as opposed to fighting them. However, historians are still unsure about what happened to the Collagua people and the neighbouring Cavanas people. Both groups lived during a time of conflict, after the collapse of two prominent Andean societies in 1100, and before the Incan Empire's expansion at the beginning of the 15th century. Velasco, who has studied Collagua skull shapes spanning a 300-year period, found that the elongated skulls were increasingly linked with social status. Velasco studied a total of 211 skulls of mummified humans buried in two Collagua cemeteries, finding evidence of the social status link. For example, chemical analyses of bones found that women with elongated heads are a wide range of foods. In addition, Collagua women with stretched skulls were found to have suffered far less skull damage from physical attacks than women who did not have similarly modified skulls. Until know, most of the knowledge about this practice came from written accounts from Spanish conquistadors in the 1500s. These documents noted that some Collagua people had tall, thin skulls, while Cavanas had wide, long skulls and may have used wooden planks to do this. Now, Velasco's study has widened our knowledge on the nuances of these practices. The skulls and bones were found in burial structures built against a cliff faces, which were likely only for high-status people. By contrast, burial areas in caves and under nearby rocky overhangs were for common people. Radiocarbon analyses of some of the samples enabled Velasco to categorise skulls into early or late pre-Inca groups. A total of 97 skulls (including 76 from commoner burial areas) belonged to the early group (1150-1300), and 38 of these (39 per cent) had been modified. Some were elongated, whereas others were modified into wide shapes. 14 of these skulls were elongated, and of these 14, 13 came from low-ranking people, suggesting that common people first started modifying their skulls to elongate them. However, because only 21 skulls belonging to elite people were found in the early group, it may lead to an underestimate of the early frequency of stretched heads among elite people. By contrast, among 114 skulls from elite burial areas in the late period (1300-1450) - 84 (74 per cent) had modified shapes, the majority of which where very elongated. No evidence was found to determine if common people also had elongated skulls in the late period. The practice of skull elongation - to signify group affiliation or social status - dates back 9,000 years Common in various tribal cultures around the world (such as Mayans, North American natives and Australian Aboriginal people), the head moulding styles fell into three groups: flat, round or conical. To achieve the desired shape, the head was wrapped in tight cloth. In the case of cranial flattening, the head was placed between two pieces of wood. The technique would usually be carried out on an infant, when the skull is at its most pliable. The cloth would be applied from a month after birth and be held in place for about six months. Sometimes, skulls were modified as a sign of social status. For example, ancient Collagua people, who lived in the Colca Valley of southeastern Peru, likely modified the heads of babies using bandages or special hats, in order to elongate their heads. Analyses of skull and bone specimens dating from 1150 to 1450 indicate that those with elongated skulls had broader diets as well as fewer signs of physical attacks perpetrated against them. 
964119368153083904	2018-02-15 12:49:04	https://t.co/RvqkGYhtXq	The 8 reasons why you're not in the mood for sex https://t.co/RvqkGYhtXq	 A low libido is common, but it's easy to discover - and treat - the causes behind low sexual desire. The recent Global Study of Sexual Attitudes and Behaviors (GSSAB) found that 26 to 43 percent of women worldwide say they experienced low sexual desire. The reason may vary from lack of testosterone to low self esteem. Sex can also be linked with unhappy memories - making it unpleasant, or it is simply forgotten about during a busy time. In an article for Healthista, physician Rachel Carlton Abrams who is the author of a new book, BodyWise, lists some of the most common things that cause low libido and suggests simple fixes. Fixing a low libido I have been writing and teaching about healthy sexuality for decades, and consistently, the number one sexual concern of my students and my patients is low libido. I would define low libido as a lack of spontaneous desire for sex (alone or with another), including sexual thoughts and fantasies. As both a doctor and a woman, I find this alarming, since satisfying sex has so many benefits—it can be a positive force for health, producing important chemicals in our bodies and important bonds in our relationships. So why are so many of us lacking in desire? If you were sitting in my office concerned about having low sex drive, you would see me make a large circle with my hands and arms, while saying, ‘libido for women lives in the complex web of our lives and is influenced by our past experiences, our general health, our current relationships, and our hormonal balance.’ In other words, women don’t separate sex from any other important part of their health and well-being. Which, honestly, is as it should be. Sexual desire is an expression of vibrant health, of creative fire. And, we all deserve to have a life that supports that vibrant expression of life-affirming desire. Here are some of the factors that can cause trouble with your libido and what you can do to help. 1. Your family suppressed sexuality The earliest influences on our sexuality are the household and societal sexual norms that we grow up with. If you were raised in a place where most folks, for religious or cultural reasons, felt that sex is bad or to be feared, you might suppress your own early sexual exploration. Early fears of sexuality remain with us once we are adults and can be difficult to shake. Sometimes it can be therapeutic to flaunt those rigid norms by yourself or with friends or a lover that you trust. In other words, as a very wise woman once said to me, ‘shake your hips, like your mama told you not tah,’ …. And enjoy it. You get to reclaim your body and your joy in it for yourself. 2. You have low body confidence If you were raised in a family or culture that had strict definitions of what a sexy woman should look like, you may feel inadequate in comparison. From the age of 30, women's fertility begins to drop, and does so more steeply from the age of 35. Most women will be able to conceive naturally and give birth to a healthy baby if they get pregnant at 35 years old. After 35 years, the proportion of women who experience infertility, miscarriage or a problem with their baby increases. By the age of 40, only two in five of those who wish to have a baby will be able to do so. The average age at which women have in vitro fertilisation (IVF) treatment in the UK is rising. This reflects the increase in infertility due to age. However, the success rates of IVF treatment for women over 40 using their own eggs are low, and have not increased much over the past decade. From a purely biological perspective, it's best to try to start a family before you're 35 years old. Men can remain fertile for much longer than women. Even though male fertility also declines with age, it tends to happen more gradually. Source: BabyCentre UK It is infuriating that the image of what is considered sexy in the media is so impossibly out-of-step with what women actually look like. The great majority of potential lovers are interested in you because you are physically attractive to them. Not because you fit some perfect ideal of the female form. Ask any woman-loving man or woman. They like breasts. All breasts. All sizes and shapes. And hips . . . and those lovely derrieres. And particularly in a woman that they care about and find interesting. We can be brutal with ourselves about our bodies, but our lovers typically just want to love us. And in case you were concerned that being overweight might affect your ability to be sexual, real studies of this show that women who are overweight or obese have just as much sexual libido and orgasmic ability as other women. If it is difficult to overcome all those voices in your head that keep you from your pleasure (your mum, your priest, your imam, your mean childhood girlfriends, your asshole ex-boyfriend, the magazines in the news stand), it can be helpful to practice “Body-Love”. Stand in front of a mirror in as little clothing as you can, and still feel comfortable. Now hold each part of your body, your breasts, your belly, your thighs, and say out loud, in your own words, everything you appreciate that this part of your body does (e.g. nurses babies, or digests your food, or climbs stairs). Finish by expressing your love for that body part. And when the negative voices run through your head, just let them pass. 3. You’ve had previous trauma or bad sex – even long ago The incidence of sexual trauma - incest or rape - before the age of 18, worldwide, is one in four to one in four. In some countries, it is as high as 50 percent. This is tragic in so many ways. Add to this the number of women having sex too young, sex under the influence, sex that they ‘shouldn’t’ have had, sex that was painful, and insensitive and violating medical pelvic exams—that’s a whole lot of women who have had negative sexual and genital experiences. Our genitals are our most private and vulnerable area of our bodies. Of course, trauma can affect any part of our bodies, but when most women experience sexual trauma, they shut down sensations in their genitals and their sexual feelings, in general. Perhaps even while becoming extremely sexually active. This is true for sexual violence, but it can also be true for a woman who has just had bad sex, or has been shamed for being sexual. Begin healing and developing trust in your sexual instincts, by only having sex when you truly want to. Your desire will emerge when your body anticipates that sex only happens when your body is ready. 4. Sex is painful I know it seems obvious, but why in the world would someone want to have sex if it hurts? The most common reason for pain with intercourse or penetration are the hormonal changes of menopause. Women can also experience early menopause from surgical removal of the ovaries and/or uterus at any age or from chemotherapy or radiation for cancer treatment. Nursing a baby can also induce a menopause-like state of the hormones. Lower circulating oestrogen levels result in the vaginal and vulvar tissues becoming thinner, drier, and more vulnerable to injury. In this environment, penetrative sex, especially without enough lubrication, can cause many microtears of the vulva and vagina—ouch! I call this vaginal road rash, and it burns and hurts, sometimes severely. The excellent news is that in almost all cases, this can be helped with topical estrogens. This is not hormone replacement; it is local estrogen for the tissues and is safe in all women, with the exception of those who have had breast, uterine, or ovarian cancer. 5. You don’t have enough testosterone Perhaps the most important physiological influence on libido is the availability of estrogen and testosterone. Estrogen contributes to sexual receptivity— that Marilyn Monroe, hair flip kind of sex drive. But studies have found that testosterone is the major driver of libido in women, increasing desire for sexual behavior and increasing genital arousal, sensation, and lubrication. When testosterone is low, in addition to lack of libido and less pleasure, it is common for women around menopause and women who have lost their ovaries, to have low testosterone. Europe has approved a ‘woman-sized’ testosterone patch for the treatment of low libido in women, and it can work wonders if your testosterone measures are low (a blood test you can ask your GP for). 6. You have underlying medical issues A variety of health issues can interfere with libido, including any chronic disease, thyroid malfunction, chronic pain, cancer and cancer treatment, and a large variety of medications— including oral contraceptives, anti-depressants and blood pressure medications. I recommend having your doctor do the following tests to see if your libido is being affected by a medical condition: 7. Stress and busyness Because we are complex beings, we can have plenty of testosterone, be comfortable with our bodies, have great sexual partners, and still have no sex drive. My observation is that many women are, literally, too busy for sex. Which is very sad, as sex, if you pay attention to your body and cultivate your sex drive, gives back in spades what you put into it. Sexual activity (including self-pleasuring) has been found to reduce mortality and rates of illness, improve your hormonal profile, and substantially reduce the risk of depression. The keys to inviting your sex drive back into your life include using your body, physically, on a regular basis. Walk, bike, hike, dance the tango, or play badminton. Be active and in your body. Eat or rest when needed. Get enough sleep; fatigue may be the number-one killer of sex drive for the average female. Make time for pleasure. This is a big one. If you don’t fit sex, with yourself or with another, into your schedule, it will not spontaneously appear. One of the ways to invite sex back into your life is to use fantasy in ways that are fun. This could be spontaneously imagined fantasies, romance novels, erotica, erotic films, or role play. Letting your fantasy life flourish is a fast way to stoke your libido. Libido, like many aspects of the body, has a positive feedback loop. You make time for self-pleasure and increase the number of sexual thoughts that you have, and you are more likely to want to have sex again sooner. Sex begets sex. So put it on your calendar, and make it happen. 8. Lack of trust I have often said, ‘sex is just a mirror of the relationship itself’. And after decades of working with couples, I really believe that to be the case. If you do not want to have sex because you are mad at your partner, it has nothing to do with your health or being rested or having enough testosterone. It has to do with your relationship. Contrary to what you may have seen in novels or movies, fighting and lack of trust do not lead to a better sex life. Trust is the number-one ingredient necessary for a happy, healthy sex life. If you do not trust your partner, either emotionally or physically, it will be very difficult to have a hot sexual life. Exploring the relationship and trying to establish trust is the fundamental piece necessary to support your libido. This article originally appeared on and has been reproduced with the permission of Healthista. 
964116748327964672	2018-02-15 12:38:39	https://t.co/mxW9sdPI45	Tycoon Cyril Ramaphosa is sworn in as South Africa's new president https://t.co/mxW9sdPI45	 Cyril Ramaphosa has become South Africa's new President 19 years after Nelson Mandela put him forward him as his replacement. The multi-millionaire tycoon was voted into the post on Thursday after helping to force out predecessor and former boss Jacob Zuma amid a corruption probe. Ramaphosa, Mandela's chief negotiator during the end of apartheid, was favoured by man nicknamed Madiba to replace him as head of the ANC and as President in 1999. At Mandela's side when he was released from prison in 1990, Ramaphosa rose to world prominence and helped to write South Africa's constitution once white minority rule had ended. But his hopes of winning the top job were dashed when Thabo Mbeki won leadership of the ANC ahead of him. Disillusioned with politics, Ramaphosa left to make his millions, becoming one of Africa's richest men in the process, before returning to politics as deputy president of the ANC in 2012. Two years later he became the deputy President of South Africa, before assuming the leadership on Thursday. As Ramaphosa was sworn in, police issued an arrest warrant for Ajay Gupta, part of the powerful Gupta family who are at the heart of allegations against Zuma. South African authorities said eight people have been arrested after they Gupta home was raided on Wednesday, and they are seeking another five suspects. Zuma is accused of offering the Gupta family government contracts in return for favourable coverage in their news networks. Both parties deny this. Ramaphosa said issues of corruption and state ownership were 'on my radar' ahead of his swearing in. In an address to the parliament in Cape Town, Ramaphosa said he was 'humbled' by the honor and called for all parties to work together to serve their people. 'South Africa must come first in everything we do,' he said. Cheers and dancing broke out in parliament as the speaker earlier announced she had received a copy of Zuma's resignation letter ahead of the vote. As Ramaphosa was voted in, the South African rand surged to a near two-and-a-half year high while the stock market was on course for its best day in three years. Ramaphosa was the only candidate nominated for election in the parliament after two opposition parties said they would not participate. The opposition parties instead unsuccessfully called for the dissolution of the National Assembly and early elections. A national ballot is scheduled for 2019. The ruling African National Congress 'couldn't have got a better person to lead the country out of crisis', said William Gumede, professor at the school of governance at the University of the Witswatersrand. 'What's exciting about Ramaphosa is that he is a proven strategic thinker and actor,' Mr Gumede said. 'As the leader of the National Union of Mineworkers in the 1980s, as the ANC's negotiator to end apartheid, as the chairman of the assembly writing the constitution, Ramaphosa has negotiated very difficult, complex problems and he has delivered solutions.' Despite being part of Mr Zuma's government, Mr Ramaphosa became an increasingly outspoken critic of the corruption scandals surrounding the president. He vowed to steer South Africa from the turmoil that has hurt the economy and briefly sent it into recession last year. Still, as one of the country's wealthiest citizens, there is a wide gulf between Mr Ramaphosa and the vast majority of the people of South Africa, a mineral-rich country with one of the world's highest rates of inequality and unemployment hovering close to 30%. He also faces steep challenges with national elections in 2019 as the ANC saw its worst showing at the polls in 2016, losing the key municipalities including Johannesburg and the capital, Pretoria. 'Cyril Ramaphosa inherits an alarming mess from Jacob Zuma,' said Ben Payton, head of Africa research for Verisk Maplecroft. Restoring confidence in the troubled mining sector, ending the corruption around state-owned enterprises and winning over Mr Zuma's supporters within the ANC should be among his top priorities, Mr Payton said. Mr Ramaphosa, he said, will be 'walking a tightrope, balancing the competing priorities of holding his party together while avoiding economic disaster'. Mr Ramaphosa became the leader of the ANC, Africa's oldest liberation movement, in December by narrowly defeating Zuma's ex-wife, Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma. He quickly spoke out against the corruption that had weakened the ANC, which has been in power since the end of white minority rule in 1994, and sped up the momentum that led to Mr Zuma's resignation. Mr Ramaphosa knew well what was needed to bring about a change of leadership as he has been a key ANC figure for decades, having served on its National Executive Committee for 26 years. Zuma, nicknamed the 'Teflon President', resigned in a nationally televised address late Wednesday after the ANC instructed him to step down or face a parliamentary motion of no confidence that he would almost certainly lose. Ramaphosa has promised to fight the corruption that turned some supporters against the ANC during the months of growing public anger over the scandals surrounding Zuma. The new president is challenged with reviving the reputation of Africa's most prominent liberation movement, which fought the former system of white minority rule known as apartheid and took power in 1994 in the first all-race elections. On Thursday the foundation of Nelson Mandela, South Africa's first black president, welcomed Zuma's departure but said the state must act against 'networks of criminality' that have hurt the country's democracy. As the country marks the centenary of Mandela's 1918 birth, 'there is a need to reckon with the failures of the democratic era,' the foundation said. 'We believe that we are at a critical moment in our history, one which offers us the unique opportunity to reflect, to rebuild, and to transform.' Zuma kept South Africans guessing as to whether he would resign until the final part of a half-hour speech on Wednesday night, insisting that he was not fazed by the no confidence motion being organised against him by the ANC in the national assembly. The 75-year-old president said he disagreed with the way the ANC wanted him to depart ahead of schedule following the election of Cyril Ramaphosa as party president in December. 'Even though I disagree with the decision of the leadership of my organisation, I have always been a disciplined member of the ANC,' he said. Zuma - in power since 2009 - had been under increasing pressure to hand power over to Ramaphosa because of the almost 800 corruption allegations he faces. He is one of South Africa's richest businessmen and has faced claims of being a 'silent deputy' during Jacob Zuma's scandal-hit administration. Cyril Ramaphosa has now replaced the veteran president after the 75-year-old finally resigned. A veteran of the struggle to end apartheid, the 65-year-old has promoted himself as a reformer - but is not free from controversy himself. Many South Africans remember that Mr Ramaphosa was a board member of the Lonmin mining group at the time of the Marikana killings in 2012, when police shot dead 34 striking mine workers. In 2017, he was accused of having affairs with several young women, which he denied. Elected to lead the ruling African National Congress (ANC) in December, Ramaphosa was also the party's candidate for president in the 2019 run off. He held off competition from Zuma's ex wife and former cabinet minister Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma in a bitter political campaign which threatened to tear the party apart. Ramaphosa's long and eventful career has taken him from trade union activist to multi-millionaire and now to within touching distance of the South African presidency. After South Africa dismantled apartheid, Ramaphosa saw his hopes for the country's top job dashed. True to his pragmatic character, he opted instead for life in business - a move that brought him spectacular wealth. But his election last year as head of the ruling African National Congress (ANC) brings him to the brink of realising his dream. It was after Ramaphosa failed to clinch the ANC nomination to succeed president Nelson Mandela in 1999 that he swapped politics for a foray into business that made him one of the wealthiest people in Africa. Mandela once described Ramaphosa as one of the most gifted leaders of the 'new generation' - the young campaigners who rose in the 1970s, filling the void left by their jailed elders. During his business career, Ramaphosa held stakes in McDonald's and Coca-Cola and made millions in deals that required investors to partner with non-white shareholders. He became one of the richest men on the continent - reaching number 42 on Forbes list of Africa's wealthiest people in 2015 with a net worth of $450 million (383 million euros). Out of politics for a decade, Ramaphosa returned to frontline politics in 2012 when he was elected to the ANC's number-two post. He became deputy president of the nation in 2014, but had to tread a careful line. He had to both serve Zuma - tarred by accusations of corruption and incompetence - and also deliver occasional, cautious criticism of his political master. His ambivalence has led to criticism. Mmusi Maimane, leader of the main opposition Democratic Alliance party, accused Ramaphosa of being 'at best a silent deputy president, and at worst a complicit one'. Born on November 17, 1952 in Soweto township west of Johannesburg - a centre of the anti-apartheid struggle - Ramaphosa became involved with student activism while studying law in the 1970s. He was arrested in 1974 and spent 11 months in solitary confinement. After studying, he turned to trade unionism - one of the few legal ways of protesting the white-minority regime. He founded the National Union of Mineworkers (NUM) in 1982 which grew to 300,000 members and led massive mine strikes in 1987 that shook the foundations of white rule. When Mandela was released in 1990 after 27 years in prison for opposing apartheid, Ramaphosa was a key part of the taskforce that led the transition to democracy. Ramaphosa won global prominence as the ANC's lead negotiator, with his contribution seen as one factor in the success of the talks and the resulting peaceful democratic handover. He then led the group that drew up the country's world-renowned new constitution. Ramaphosa - who is relaxed and low-key at public appearances - has managed to steer clear of major corruption scandals but his return to politics has not been free from controversy. His popularity was badly shaken in 2012 when 34 striking mine workers were killed by police at the Marikana platinum mine, operated by London-listed Lonmin, where he was then a non-executive director. Shortly before the massacre - the worst police killing since the end of apartheid - Ramaphosa had called for a crackdown on the strikers, whom he accused of 'dastardly criminal' behaviour. Ramaphosa has four children with his second wife Tshepo Motsepe, a doctor. In 2017, he was accused of having affairs with several young women, which he denied. Ramaphosa did admit to an extramarital affair but told local media that he had since disclosed the relationship to his wife. Some saw the sudden revelations as a smear campaign by associates of President Zuma determined to ensure that Dlamini-Zuma takes the ANC top job. The impact of the scandal was short-lived, and Ramaphosa based his campaign on his pledge to rebuild the country's economy, boost growth and create much-needed jobs. Earlier on Wednesday he had flatly rejected an order by the ANC to resign, arguing the that the governing party's demands were 'very unfair'. 'I need to be furnished on what I have done [wrong] and unfortunately that hasn't been done,' he said. The interview was held after police raided the residential compound of the wealthy Gupta family, described as some of President Zuma's closest allies. An elite police unit entered the compound of the Guptas, who are accused of using their connections to the president to influence Cabinet appointments and win state contracts. The Indian-born family have long been implicated in corruption cases linked to the President but have been largely untouchable - until now. Both parties deny all allegations of wrongdoing. After being voted in, Ramaphosa will address lawmakers gathered in the parliament in Cape Town, the party said in a statement. 'The office of the chief justice has made itself available today to officiate in the business of electing a new president,' the ANC chief whip, Jackson Mthembu, told a parliamentary committee meeting. Zuma is currently waiting for South Africa's chief prosecutor to make a decision on whether he will face old charges of corruption over an arms deal two decades ago. Ramaphosa was due to take over as ANC leader in 2019 after being chosen to do so in December. His first state of the nation address is expected on Friday, after the speech, scheduled to be delivered by Zuma, was postponed as pressure mounted. The rand currency, which has gained ground whenever Zuma hit political turbulence, soared to a near three-year high against the dollar on Zuma's resignation. April 12, 1942: Zuma is born in rural Nkandla in KwaZulu-Natal province. He grows up without formal schooling. 1963: A member of the armed wing of the ANC, he is convicted of trying to overthrow the apartheid government and serves 10 years on the Robben Island prison alongside Nelson Mandela. 1973: Freed, he sets up underground ANC networks and then is the group's chief of intelligence from Zambia. 1990: After 15 years mostly spent in exile, he returns to South Africa when the ANC is unbanned. He is key in talks that lead to a national unity government after the first all-race elections, in 1994, won by the ANC. 1997: He becomes the ANC's vice president. Two years later he is elected deputy president of the country. 2006: He is cleared of rape charges but ridiculed for testifying he took a shower after consensual sex with his HIV-positive accuser. 2009: Two years after ousting Thabo Mbeki as ANC leader, he is elected president. He is re-elected in 2014. 2016: A top court finds he flouted the constitution by using public funds to upgrade his private residence. An anti-corruption watchdog meanwhile charges he allowed a wealthy Indian business family, the Guptas, undue influence over his government. 2017: Zuma fires his finance minister, unleashing open war in the ANC. August 2017: He survives a fourth impeachment vote since 2015. December 2017: He is replaced as ANC chief by his deputy, Cyril Ramaphosa, and comes under pressure to quit the presidency early, ahead of the next elections. February 14, 2018: Resigns from the presidency after the ANC threatens a no-confidence vote in parliament. The FTSE/JSE Africa All Share Index rose as much as 2.7 percent, while the rand reached its strongest level since February 2015, gaining 0.5 percent at 11.6570 for one US dollar in early trading. For South Africans, who have suffered economic stagnation and national embarrassment following the endless allegations of corruption against Zuma, his presidency only highlighted the failure of national politics. The party suffered major setbacks in South Africa's local elections in 2016 and is at risk of losing its majority in general elections scheduled for next year. In 2006 Zuma was acquitted of raping a family friend and he is still challenging numerous counts of corruption related to a government arms deal from the late 1990s when he was deputy president. Despite presenting himself as an anti-apartheid veteran, Zuma's waning political credentials were confirmed last December when deputy president Ramaphosa replaced him as ruling party leader. He was further embarrassed when he failed to repay public money he had used to renovate his home. Cyril Ramaphosa's long and eventful career has taken him from trade union activist to multi-millionaire. Ramaphosa became involved with student activism while studying law in the 1970s. He was arrested in 1974 and spent 11 months in solitary confinement. After studying, he turned to trade unionism - one of the few legal ways of protesting against the white-minority regime. He founded the National Union of Mineworkers (NUM) in 1982 which grew to have 300,000 members and led massive mine strikes in 1987 that shook the foundations of white rule. When Nelson Mandela was released in 1990 after 27 years in prison for opposing apartheid, Ramaphosa was a key part of the taskforce that led the transition to democracy. Ramaphosa rose to global prominence as the ANC's lead negotiator, with his contribution seen as one factor in the success of the talks and the resulting peaceful democratic handover. During his business career, Ramaphosa held stakes in McDonald's and Coca-Cola's local ventures and made millions in deals that required investors to partner with non-white shareholders. He became one of the richest men on the continent - reaching number 42 on the Forbes list of Africa's wealthiest people in 2015 with a net worth of $450million (£320million). Out of politics for a decade, Ramaphosa returned to the fray in 2012 when he was elected to the ANC's number two post. His popularity was badly shaken when 34 striking mine workers were killed by police at the Marikana platinum mine, operated by London-listed Lonmin, where he was then a non-executive director. Shortly before the massacre - the worst police killing since the end of apartheid - Ramaphosa had called for a crackdown on the strikers, whom he accused of 'dastardly criminal' behaviour. Scandal-tainted South African President Jacob Zuma resigned after years of corruption scandals. Here are five of his biggest scandals: RAPE CHARGES AND HIV Before taking office, Zuma was put on trial in 2006 for rape, in a case that dismayed many South Africans. Zuma said the sex with the 31-year-old family friend was consensual and he was acquitted. But he told the court he had showered to avoid contracting HIV after having unprotected sex with his HIV-positive accuser - a common but dangerous myth. Zuma was head of the South African National AIDS Council at the time, and was pilloried for his ignorance. He is still mocked in newspaper cartoons, which often depict him with a shower nozzle sprouting from his bald head. Nearly a fifth of South Africans aged between 15 and 49 are HIV-positive. NKANDLA COSTS Zuma was found by the country's graft watchdog in 2014 to have "benefited unduly" from so-called security upgrades to his rural Nkandla residence in KwaZulu-Natal province. It said he should refund some of the money. The work, paid for with taxpayers' money, cost $24million (£17.31million) and included a swimming pool, which was described as a fire-fighting facility, a chicken run, a cattle enclosure, an amphitheatre and a visitors' centre. For two years, Zuma fought the order to repay part of the money. The scandal came to dominate his presidency -- with opposition lawmakers chanting "Pay back the money!" every time he appeared in parliament. In March 2016 he was ordered by the Constitutional Court to pay back the cash and suffered a stinging rebuke from the justices who accused him of failing to respect and uphold the constitution. GUPTAGATE As the Nkandla debacle built to a climax, its place in the headlines was overtaken by a new scandal, known as Guptagate. It involved the president's allegedly corrupt relationship with the Gupta brothers, who built a business empire in mining, media, technology and engineering. Smouldering rumours of the family's undue influence on the president burst into flames in 2016 when evidence emerged they allegedly offered key government jobs to those who might help their business interests. Ousted deputy finance minister Mcebisi Jonas revealed that the Guptas had offered him a promotion shortly before Zuma sacked respected finance minister Nhlanhla Nene in December 2015. The opposition Democratic Alliance (DA) laid corruption charges against the Guptas and Zuma's son Duduzane. ARMS DEAL In October 2017, after a marathon legal campaign by the DA party, the Supreme Court of Appeal ruled that Zuma was liable for prosecution over almost 800 counts of corruption relating to a 1990s arms deal. The accusations relate to a multi-billion-dollar arms deal signed in 1999, when Zuma was deputy president. He allegedly accepted bribes from international arms manufacturers to influence the choice of weaponry. Zuma's advisor, Schabir Shaik, was jailed for 15 years in 2005. He was released on medical parole in 2009, the year Zuma became president. After he leaves office, Zuma faces the risk of jail over 18 criminal charges over the 783 payments he received. OMAR AL-BASHIR In March 2016 the South African Supreme Court of Appeal upheld a judgement that the failure by Zuma's government to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir was illegal. Despite an arrest warrant from the International Criminal Court on charges of war crimes in the conflict in Darfur, Bashir was allowed to attend a meeting of the African Union in Johannesburg in 2015. The government said the fact that he was attending the summit as a head of state meant he had immunity, but the court disagreed. Zuma escaped an impeachment attempt over the issue in parliament in September 2016, when ANC lawmakers voted overwhelmingly against it. A politically-connected business dynasty that moved to South Africa from India, the Gupta family finds itself at the centre of many of the scandals that dogged President Jacob Zuma's administration. The Guptas' prominent role in his presidency was highlighted on Wednesday as elite crime-busters raided the family's mansion in Johannesburg. WHO ARE THE GUPTAS? The family is headed by Ajay, Atul and Rajesh 'Tony' Gupta, three brothers from the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. Led by Atul, they arrived in South Africa in 1993 as white-minority apartheid rule crumbled, a year before Nelson Mandela won the country's first democratic elections. As the country opened up to foreign investment, the Guptas - previously small-scale businessmen in India - built a sprawling empire involved in computers, mining, media, technology and engineering. The New Age, an ardently pro-Zuma newspaper, was launched in 2010, and the 24-hour news channel ANN7 took to the airwaves in 2013 with a similar editorial slant. They had developed close links with the ruling African National Congress (ANC) party focusing particularly on Zuma, well before he became president in 2009. 'ZUPTA' - ZUMA'S TIES TO THE BROTHERS Zuma's son Duduzane was a director of the Gupta-owned Sahara Computers, named after their hometown of Saharanpur, and has been involved with several of the family's other companies. Zuma's third wife Bongi Ngema and one of his daughters have also been in the employ of the Guptas. Former deputy finance minister Mcebisi Jonas claimed in March 2015 that the Guptas had offered him the post of finance minister, in return for obeying the family's instructions - for which he would allegedly be paid 600 million rand ($50 million). Backbench ANC lawmaker David van Rooyen was then revealed to have visited the Guptas' home the night before his brief appointment as finance minister on December 9, 2015. Both the Guptas and Zuma, who has described the brothers as friends, deny any wrongdoing. TIED IN KNOTS Perhaps one of the most colourful Gupta-linked incidents related to a family wedding in 2013. Public anger erupted after it was revealed that a jet carrying 217 foreign guests to a Gupta wedding landed at Waterkloof Air Force base, outside Pretoria. The airport is a military facility normally used for receiving heads of state. It appeared that Zuma, who was the guest of honour, had tacitly approved the decision, which breached air force and customs and immigration rules. There were also allegations that the law was broken when the guests were given a police 'blue light' escort. WHAT ABOUT THEIR BUSINESSES The Gupta business empire has been repeatedly accused of securing deals with South Africa's giant state-owned companies on wildly favourable terms. South Africa's ethics watchdog, the Public Protector, published a damning report in October 2016, finding that the state-owned electricity monopoly had awarded a massive coal order to a then-Gupta linked business at well above market prices. The report also alleged that former mining minister Mosebenzi Zwane 'travelled to Switzerland with the Guptas to help them seal the deal' to buy a struggling coal mine. The family is mentioned 232 times in the report, entitled 'State of Capture' because of the influence that the Guptas are alleged to have exerted on some branches of the state. WHAT NOW? In recent years, major banks have withdrawn their facilities to the Gupta family, complicating the payment of salaries to staff and the day-to-day running of a complex, cash-intensive business empire. India's Bank of Baroda, thought to be the last major bank to continue its relationship with the Guptas in South Africa, recently announced it would withdraw from the country, effectively ending its association with the controversial family. They also face the prospect of a judge-led inquiry into their business dealings, as recommended by the public protector's report. One of the biggest scandals in South Africa is over a scheme that allegedly siphoned millions of dollars from a black-empowerment agriculture project. Further arrests in this case could spell the end for the family's foothold in South Africa, commentators predict. Since pressure began to mount on the Guptas, they have been reported to be moving their base to Dubai. 
964111826035331072	2018-02-15 12:19:06	https://t.co/Vxau4wgZzU	Duck swoops in to land on a frozen pond and coolly glides to a stop https://t.co/Vxau4wgZzU	 This is the oddly satisfying moment a duck pulls of a smooth landing after unsuspectingly landing on a frozen lake. The video, believed to be taken in Gomel, Belarus in 2016, has recently resurfaced online and racked up millions of views. In the short clip, the bird flies into the lake by flapping its wings as it approaches the water. But on reaching the ground the animal releases the ground is frozen - but still smoothly pulls off the landing. The duck sticks one leg out to smooth help keep balance as it skates across the block of ice, towards the flock of ducks. It then cooly walks off, giving the impression the swoop and glide to a stop was intentional. The video has gathered a huge response with commentators making jokes about the amazing landing. 'Smooth as duck' one wrote, while another added 'sliding into DMs like'. Another said 'you could watch this all day'.
964109301785812992	2018-02-15 12:09:04	https://t.co/OlptnH6Rve	Russian opposition leader claims internet providers have started blocking access to his website https://t.co/OlptnH6Rve	 Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has accused Instagram of caving by removing videos filmed by an escort of oligarch Oleg Deripaska and the Deputy Prime Minister allegedly discussing US relations. The media watchdog in Russia blocked Navalny's website after he posted the videos alleging a deputy prime minister enjoyed lavish hospitality from a billionaire tycoon. Deripaska has accused Navalny of spreading lies about him and Russia's Deputy Prime Minister Sergei Prikhodko by discussing footage. Deripaska and Prikhodko were reportedly filmed by an escort on the billionaire's private yacht in 2016, which the Russian opposition, led by Navalny, claim is evidence of corruption and bribery. The video has disappeared from Instagram, which prompted Navalny to issue a statement saying: 'Instagram decided to comply with Russian illegal censorship requests and deleted some content about oligarch Deripaska. Shame on you, Instagram. This content was spotlighted by our corruption investigation.' Scroll down for video Russia's media watchdog on Thursday blocked the website of opposition leader Alexei Navalny after he posted a video alleging a deputy prime minister enjoyed lavish hospitality from a billionaire tycoon. State body Roskomnadzor has threatened to block any site distributing the video, including YouTube and Instagram, but both remain accessible in Russia. 'Roskomnadzor has blocked https://navalny.com/ at the request of (Russian oligarch Oleg) Deripaska,' Navalny said on Twitter. 'The site remains accessible through some service providers, but this is temporary,' he added. Roskomnadzor confirmed the website had been added to a list of banned pages that service providers are required to block, in comments to Russian news agencies. Navalny, who has been barred from running against President Vladimir Putin in next month's election, says the video appears to show The Russian leader's former top foreign policy adviser Sergei Prikhodko vacationing on the yacht of 50-year-old Oleg Deripaska, an aluminium magnate. Both Deripaska and Prikhodko, who rarely makes comments to the media, denied the allegations. In one video, the two men can be heard referring to 'bad relations with America' and 'Nuland', referring to Victoria Nuland, the then Assistant Secretary of State for European and Eurasian affairs in the Obama administration. A Russian court has now ruled that the videos and images must be removed from the social media platforms, because they invade Deripaska's privacy. Deripaska won an order from the Ust-Labinsk district court in his native Krasnodar region which ordered 14 Instagram posts and seven YouTube videos that 'breach his right to privacy' must be removed, according to BloombergQuint. Both YouTube and Instagram have yet to respond to the ruling. As it is not possible for internet providers to block specific pages on Instagram and YouTube, the entire sites may be blacklisted in Russia, a spokesperson for the Russian Association for Electronic Communications told the BBC. Navalny claims that the videos allegedly showing Miss Rybka, Deripaska and Prikhodo, are evidence of government corruption and has refused to take down the videos. Navalny quoted public records suggesting that Prikhodko spent several days on the yacht and was flown there by Deripaska's private jet. He also speculates whether the meeting had anything to do with the Trump presidential campaign, specifically Deripaska's reported links to former Campaign Chairman Paul Manafort. A spokesman for Deripaska rejected Navalny's report, saying: 'These scandalous and mendacious assumptions are driven by sensationalism and we totally refute these outrageous false allegations in the strongest possible way.' According to a letter posted online by Navalny's team on Monday, Google warned him to remove the material from his YouTube channel or face being blocked. Russian communications watchdog Roskomnadzor, gave YouTube and Instagram until the end of Tuesday to delete the material or face censure. As of Wednesday evening, it appeared that the offending Instagram and YouTube posts from Anastasiya Vashukevich, a woman working as an escort under the name Nastya Rybka, had been removed. However the pictures and footage can still be seen on the YouTube channel of Mr Navalny. The 25-minute video has been viewed almost five million times. Miss Rybka, who has written a book about working as an escort, claims to have had an affair with Deripaska and says she was hired to spend time on the oligarch's yacht. Miss Rybka, originally from Belarus but now based in Dubai, posted several videos in August 2016 showing Deripaska on his yacht talking with Deputy Prime minister Prikhodko. The videos were only picked up by Mr Navalny on February 8 as part of an investigation. In one snippet, Deripaska explains to Miss Rybka why relations between Russia and the United States are so bad. 'We've got bad relations with America. Why? Because the friend of Sergey Eduardovich [Prikhodko], Nuland is her name, is responsible for them. When she was young, she spent a month on a Russian whaling boat, and after this, she hates the country. On Tuesday, Miss Rybka had put it to a vote among her Instagram followers, who, she claims, convinced her not to take down the videos and pictures. However as of Wednesday, she appears to have deleted the offending images and videos. Deripaska filed suit after Mr Navlny's investigation and accused My Rybka of illegally using private images. Roskomnadzor, the government's media watchdog, gave YouTube and Instagram three days to take the videos down or be investigated. It also ordered YouTube to take down Mr Navalny's video, which was still online on Wednesday and had attracted five million views. YouTube told the New York Times that it hadn't figured out how to react. But Mr Navaly called on both YouTube and Instagram to resist the Russian government's demands in an interview with The Times. Last week, several media outlets were also ordered to redact reports that initially picked up on Mr Navalny's report. They all complied as of Wednesday, according to Interfax, the Russian news agency. Deripaska is a controversial figure who has been linked to both Russian President Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump's campaign manager Paul Manafort. Manafort offered to provide briefings on the US Presidential race to Deripaska, according to a Washington Post report from September although there is no evidence such briefings ever took place. In 2014, Deripaska accused Manafort of owing him nearly $19 million in a Cayman Islands court. In 2008, he was at the centre of a British political scandal, when it emerged that then-Shadow Chancellor George Osborne, Lord Peter Mandelson and banking heir Nat Rothschild had all spent an evening on his yacht Queen K in Corfu in August. Mr Navalny, on the other hand, is banned from running in next month's presidential election in Russia. He is known for probing the behaviour of well-known Russian figures. Oleg Deripaska, who is said to be a close ally of Russian President Vladimir Putin, is considered one of Russia 's wealthiest men. Born in 1968 in the city of Dzerzhinsk, some 250 miles east of Moscow, Deripaska attended the School of Physics at Moscow State University before graduating from Moscow's School of Economics at Plekhanov Academy of Economics. He went on to establish himself in the domestic metals industry and in 2008, Forbes magazine listed Deripaska as the ninth-richest man in the world, worth about $28 billion. But when the financial crisis hit he almost went bankrupt before bouncing back - with the help of the Kremlin, according to some reports. In 2016, Forbes ranked Deripaska as Russia's 41st wealthiest man. He hit the headlines in 2017 when he was found to have ties with Paul Manfort, President Donald Trump's former campaign chairman. A report claimed $26million was transferred from Oguster Management Ltd – a company owned by Deripaska – to Yiakora Ventures Ltd - entities linked to Manafort. Manafort denied that any business he did with Deripaska a decade ago was related to helping the Russian government. British peer Lord Mandelson is also an intimate friend of Deripaska, having in 2005 famously joined him in a 'Banya' — a traditional sauna in which they were thrashed with bunches of birch twigs by a 25-year-old man, before jumping into freezing water. Deripaska also hosted Lord Mandelson on his super-yacht, where the pair holidayed alongside Nat Rothschild, then shadow chancellor George Osborne and Tory fund-raiser Andrew Feldman in Corfu in 2008. 
964106773610233857	2018-02-15 11:59:01	https://t.co/I9iI80mEJd	Luxury Bahamas resort wants someone to look after its flock of flamingos https://t.co/I9iI80mEJd	 A luxury resort in the Bahamas is on the hunt for a CFO but instead of 'Finance', the 'F' in this job role stands for 'Flamingo'. The Baha Mar, which cost £2.48billion to build, announced the new job posting for a Chief Flamingo Officer via social media and those interested can apply via the careers section of the website. The successful candidate will be put in charge of the hotel's pink flock of birds, which are due to arrive this spring. To be qualified for the role, applicants must have a degree in zoology or a related field. Day-to-day tasks will include training the flamingos and making sure they have enough food. The Chief Flamingo Officer must also help develop a breeding program to ensure a healthy population and they must be prepared to incubate eggs, hand-rear young and attend sick animals in case of emergency. Along with having the right animal skills, the employee must be good with people. The job posting stipulates: '[You must be able to] provide dynamic services to ensure guests are "wowed" by Baha Mar’s animal exhibits.' Currently the hotel has an array of other animals on site including turtles, sting rays and nurse sharks. These can be found within an area called 'the sanctuary' where guests can have close-up encounters with the creatures. The addition of flamingos will no doubt be a hit with holidaymakers. The eye-catching birds have become a popular feature on the holiday scene. On the island of Aruba, off the coast of Venezuela, guests staying at the five-star Renaissance Resort And Casino on Renaissance Island in May 2017 started a social media frenzy when they posed for selfies with the long-legged waders. The trend angered many people and one animal campaign group urged tourists not to interact with the animals. Philip Mansbridge, UK Director of the International Fund for Animal Welfare (Ifaw), said at the time: 'Wildlife selfies are just selfish - especially if the animals in question may not be really living wild and cannot get away. 'While we are not in a position to say whether or not these particular birds are captive or unable to fly, it is best to keep a safe distance from any wildlife. 'Ifaw would suggest making sure your selfies are always safe ones – it’s fine to take a photo with your friends where wildlife is part of a more distant backdrop, but not a close-up experience which may cause stress or suffering to the bird or animal.' Baha Mar's job will be open to applicants until February 28 - so if you love birds and sunshine, this might be the dream role for you! 
964104264581861376	2018-02-15 11:49:03	https://t.co/lg4hBGNEvI	Fugitive pirate who killed Sir Peter Blake on the Amazon River is captured after 15 years on the run https://t.co/lg4hBGNEvI	 One of the fugitive killers of record-breaking yachtsman Sir Peter Blake has been captured by police after more than 15 years on the run. Jose Irandir Cardoso was arrested after military police who intercepted him at a routine stop on the Brazilian island of Marajo found he was carrying his brother's ID and discovered his true identity after checking his fingerprints at a local station. Cardoso, one of the Amazon pirates jailed over the 5 December 2001 killing of Kiwi hero Blake, vanished after being sentenced to 32 years in prison. Local reports said he had been on the run for 16 years. Last night he was being held at a prison in Breves on Marajo, a large river island bordered by the mouth of the Amazon river in northern Brazil, after being paraded in front of local media by police who captured him. The violent death of Sir Peter Blake, the world's most famous sailor at the time, had international repercussions. The 53-year-old, knighted in 1995, was monitoring global warming and pollution on the Amazon for the United Nations when his boat called Seamaster was attacked by armed robbers wearing balaclavas and crash helmets. Blake was fatally shot in the back by one of the assailants after a rifle he had used to defend himself and his crew malfunctioned. The attackers fled with an outboard motor and some watches after injuring two other crew members with knives. Ricardo Colares Tavares, the man who shot the Kiwi sailor dead, was later sentenced to 37 years in prison Jose Irandir Cardoso, found guilty of armed robbery leading to death along with five accomplices from a gang called the Water Rats, was jailed for 32 years. It was not immediately clear on Thursday how Cardoso went on the run, although it is believed he may have vanished after being allowed to sleep at home under strict house arrest conditions. Police confirmed only that he had been a fugitive from the Amapa State Penitentiary Service and he had been held around 11pm local time on Tuesday after trying to pass himself off as his brother Sergio Roberto Colares Cardoso. Sir Peter won the 1989-90 Whitbread Round the World Race and held the Jules Verne Trophy from 1994 to 1997 by setting the fastest time around the world as co-skipper of ENZA New Zealand. He also led his country to successive victories in the America's Cup, the sport's most prestigious trophy. He was appointed as a goodwill ambassador of the UN's environment programme five months before his death. His daughter Sarah Jane was among the 14 crew that set out on the Omega-sponsored research expedition that ended in tragedy. He was buried at Warblington churchyard near Emsworth in Hampshire, the small town where he and his wife Pippa raised their two children. Helen Clark, New Zealand Prime Minister at the time, called Blake a 'living legend' after his death. His headstone bears the words of John Masefield's famous poem Sea-Fever poem: 'I must down to the sea again, to the lonely sea and sky, and all I ask is a tall ship and a star to steer her by.' 
964099232151097344	2018-02-15 11:29:03	https://t.co/caqJxKqyrK	Philippine's Duterte offers a £350 bounty for each communist rebel killed by his forces https://t.co/caqJxKqyrK	 The Philippine President has announced plans to cut costs of his defence budget by offering a $500 (£350) bounty for every rebel killed, days after telling soldiers to shoot female guerrillas in the vagina. President Rodrigo Duterte, 72, known for off-coloured remarks, told reporters on Wednesday that insurgents would be easy to kill because of their big heads but was not clear on how a monetary reward would save money. Duterte was taking aim at the New People's Army guerillas (NPA) - militia members of the Communist Party of the Philippines - whose female members he recently told soldiers to shoot in the vagina to render them 'useless'. Scroll down for video He said: 'You kill an NPA today and I'll pay you 25,000' pesos. 'I was computing that if this drags on for four years, ... it'll be very expensive because it's war. If I'll just pay 25,000 for a life, I can save about 47 per cent.' Duterte was speaking at an air base in central Cebu city, where he received laughter from the crowd. He did not explain how his government would pay the bounty. He said: 'If you work really hard to crawl across the forest, you'll surely be able to shoot even just one. 'If you can shoot a bird above you, then how much more an NPA whose head is so big?' Duterte's comments come days after human rights groups slammed him for saying troops should shoot female communist guerrillas in the vagina instead of killing them in order to render them 'useless.' Human Rights Watch (HRW) said that these recurring statements that looked to demean women - and victims of sexual violence - ran the danger of normalising misogyny while also encouraging war crimes. Carlos Conde of HRW said : 'It encourages state forces to commit sexual violence during armed conflict, which is a violation of international humanitarian law.' Mr Conde added: 'Duterte's pronouncements normalize the idea that government security forces can do as they wish to defeat their enemies, including committing summary executions and sexual violence.' The President turned up rhetoric against communist guerrillas after peace talks brokered by Norway collapsed last year when he protested the continuing rebel attacks on government forces. When a rebel leader recently warned that the guerrillas could kill one soldier a day, Duterte countered by threatening to kill five rebels daily, offering to train tribesmen as militias and give them bounties to kill the insurgents. Duterte is already under international criticism and facing a preliminary investigation by the International Criminal Court (ICC) for thousands of deaths in his war on drugs, which he initiated after becoming President two years ago. His hard-line approach to drug addicts, where their are allegations of thousands of extrajudicial killings, caused national and international outcry, prompting the ICC to begin its investigation. The President has since said his government will reduce violence in anti-narcotics operations with the introduction of body cameras but continued to lash out at the ICC's decision to focus on him when there were atrocities elsewhere. Duterte, a former state prosecutor, said: 'There are Rohingyas who are being slaughtered, but they only chose to indict me. 'OK, you asked for it, let's have a trial. I will cross-examine you.' Duterte was referring to Muslims fleeing from violence and persecution in Myanmar.
964096724984827904	2018-02-15 11:19:05	https://t.co/6jxu7KK7yP	Russian woman admits she killed her boyfriend in a sex game and cut off his genitals and put them in the freezer https://t.co/6jxu7KK7yP	 Horrifying new details have emerged of how a 21-year-old Russian student killed her boyfriend during a sex game before dismembering his corpse. Anastasia Onegina murdered lover Dmitry Sinkevich, 24, a former policeman and conscript soldier, at her flat in Oryol before slicing him up using a kitchen knife. She beheaded him, cut off his genitals and cheeks, severed his limbs, removed several fingers and toes and then gutted him. Some pieces she threw into the bins outside, others she stored in the freezer, and yet more were hung on hooks around her apartment like a butcher's shop. Onegina initially denied killing Sinkevich, telling police she had found him dead before dismembering the corpse - afraid she would be accused of murder - but has now admitted causing his death. Sinkevich died of asphyxiation during a BDSM sex game, investigators say. A neighbour call Lyubov who saw inside her flat after the death and dismembering said: 'I managed to see how it was. 'His meat was hanging on hooks, but they did not allow me to stop and look too closely. 'His hands and feet in the trash, guts in a package in the refrigerator, fingers are scattered across the flat.' As Anastasia Onegina was cutting up his body, her sister Ksenia called her on her phone and asked what she was doing. 'I'm dismembering my boyfriend,' she said. Ksenia called their father, who is a policeman, and he alerted authorities. Onegina's husband previously died in suspicious circumstances shortly after their wedding. After his death, she was sentenced to a psychiatric hospital for a year and a half, but was then released. A court has now ordered her to undergo psychiatric tests as the murder investigation continues. Neighbours say the couple were fans of occultism and BDSM, and his social media included satanist images. They 'made a lot of noise'. One report stated: 'Neighbours said that they held weekly orgies, and complained about them. 'They were said to be into sadomasochism and similar practises.' His final picture shows them together going for a walk with her dog at 7.50 am on Sunday. He died and was dismembered later the same day. In the dead man's social media profile he had written: 'In love with Anastasia Onegina.' His profile showed he was subscribed to a satanist group and he posted pictures linked to the devil. A picture showed him in his policeman's uniform in 2015. On her online account, Onegina wrote: 'I only want 3 things in this world: See you. Hug you. Kiss you.' One report said: 'Her classmates say she was a bit crazy since childhood. 'She is from the family with many children, her dad is a policeman. 'The question is, how could she be left without custody and supervision by the relevant authorities? 'The most interesting thing is that she gives the impression of quite a normal girl.' The suspect is also known as Anastasia Beloshapkina and Anastasia Savosto. 
964094202178101248	2018-02-15 11:09:04	https://t.co/s6etxYxyHN	Denmark's Queen is cheered by floral tributes to husband Prince Henrik as his coffin is taken to a chapel https://t.co/s6etxYxyHN	 Denmark's Crown Prince Frederik led his family to visit a sea of floral tributes laid to his father Prince Henrik outside the Amalienborg Palace in Copenhagen on Thursday. Frederik was accompanied by wife, Crown Princess Mary, and their children Prince Christian, Princess Isabella, and twins Prince Vincent and Princess Josephine as they visited the makeshift memorial. The family had earlier accompanied Queen Margrethe as she followed Henrik's casket down from Fredensborg Palace, in the country's north, to Amalienborg. His body will rest in the palace until the weekend when it will be taken to the chapel of Christiansborg Palace and put on public display until the funeral is held this week. Queen Margrethe appeared cheered by the flowers when she also visited them earlier in the day. Scroll down for video Henrik died in his sleep on Tuesday at the age of 83. The palace has said it would respect Henrik's wish to be cremated, after he refused to be buried in a tomb prepared for him and his wife Queen Margrethe. Half of his ashes will be spread over Danish seas and the other half buried in the royal family's private garden at the Fredensborg Palace, north of Copenhagen, where he died. Buckingham Palace said it was too soon to say which British royals would attend the funeral. Across the country, Danish flags were at half-staff and gun salutes echoed through the capital at dawn in honor of Henrik, who was French-born. A white coffin, draped in a Denmark's red-white flag with the royal heraldic at the center, was taken to the Amalienborg Palace - the royal family's official residence in Copenhagen. Despite chilly, near freezing temperatures and windy skies, people lined up part of the 20-mile stretch from the Fredensborg Palace, which Margrethe and Henrik used as one of their residences. The coffin will be displayed at Christiansborg Palace, which houses Denmark's Parliament, the prime minister's office and is also used for royal ceremonies. The grieving royal family has declared a month of mourning after Henrik died 'peacefully in his sleep' at the palace. Resenting never being named king, in 2016, he renounced the title of prince consort and spent much of his time at a chateau on a vineyard in southwestern France, although he remained married to the queen and officially still lived with her. In August 2017, French-born Henrik announced he did not wish to be buried next to the queen, breaking a 459-year-old tradition. Shortly afterwards, the palace announced he had dementia - he was hospitalised late last month with a lung infection. Members of his family, including his son Frederik and daughter-in-law Mary, were seen arriving at the castle after he died flags were lowered to half-mast nationwide. Earlier on Tuesday, he was moved from a Copenhagen hospital to the family's residence, 'where he wishes to spend his last moments,' the royal palace said. He died at 11.18pm in his sleep with Queen Margrethe II of Denmark, and their children, Crown Prince Frederik of Denmark, 49, and Prince Joachim of Denmark, 48 at his side. Frederik had cut short his trip to the Winter Olympics and flown back from South Korea to be with his father after Prince Henrik's condition had 'seriously worsened' in recent days. Speculation has mounted since early last year that Queen Margrethe II will abdicate the throne. If this does happen, Frederik is next in line - which would leave his Australian wife Crown Princess Mary, 46, as queen consort. Danish Prime Minister Lars Lokke Rasmussen said the late prince had 'represented Denmark magnificently. 'His commitment was infectious, and his insight great.' The royal families in neighbouring Sweden and Denmark sent condolences. The Danish royal family has no political authority, but is one of the world's oldest kingdoms and prides itself on stability. Henrik, however, caused a scandal last August by announcing that when he died he didn't want to be buried next to Margrethe in the cathedral where the remains of Danish royals have gone for centuries. The queen already had a specially designed sarcophagus waiting for the couple. Born on June 11, 1934, in southwestern France to parents with the noble titles of count and countess, Henri Marie Jean Andre de Laborde de Monpezat married Denmark's future queen in 1967. Henri became Henrik and converted to Denmark's state Lutheran Church. However, he found it difficult to fit in with Denmark's egalitarian lifestyle. He was titled prince consort - the husband of a reigning queen but not a king - and he wasn't in the line of succession - his oldest son Frederik being the heir. * Prince Henrik was born Henri Marie Jean André de Laborde de Monpeza on 11 June, 1934. * Henrik was born in Talence, Gironde, France. He was the son of André de Laborde de Monpezat and his wife, Renée Doursenot. * Before his marriage, Henrik served in the French Army in the Algerian War, and worked for the French Foreign Affairs ministry at the French Embassy in London. * He later moved to Denmark in 1967 to marry the then-crown princess, Margrethe, and changed his name from Henri to Henrik. * The Queen and Prince Henrik had two children, Crown Prince Frederik and Prince Joachim, and eight grandchildren. * Prince Henrik's native language was French, and his second language was Danish. He also spoke fluent English, Chinese and Vietnamese. * Prince Henrik had a great affinity for poetry, which he wrote in his native language, French. Shortly after the royal marriage, media criticized Henrik because he had openly aired his views that spanking was good for children. In the mid-1980s, Henrik publicly said he wanted a paycheck instead of relying on the queen, who gets annual allowances. The law was eventually changed to give him roughly 10 percent of the annual allocation Parliament makes to royals each year. In a 2002 interview, Henrik again stunned Danes by saying he felt he had been pushed aside in his own home, not only by his wife but also by his son. This followed the annual royal New Year's reception for foreign diplomats, where Frederik had been host because his mother was unavailable due to a broken rib. 'For many years I have been No. 2,' Henrik told Danish tabloid B.T. 'I have been satisfied with that role, but after so many years in Denmark I don't suddenly want to become number three and become some kind of wearisome attachment.' Teased for his French accent and unable to understand why protocol required him to remain in his wife's shadow, Henrik never really found his place in Denmark. 'A lot of people think I'm a loser until I prove them wrong,' he once said. It wasn't until 1997 that he stood in for his wife at a public engagement for the first time. 'People are just used to considering Prince Henrik as ... a little dog that follows behind and gets a sugar cube once in a while,' he said. In 2002, he made headlines when he fled to his chateau in southern France to 'reflect on life', complaining he didn't receive enough respect in Denmark after his son, Crown Prince Frederik, was chosen to represent the queen at a New Year's ceremony instead of him. He said he felt 'pushed aside, degraded and humiliated. 'My self-respect is destroyed'. Some politicians dubbed Henrik's behaviour 'tiresome', while media had a field day, one television show conferring on him the title of 'Whiner of the Year'. But it also marked a turning point, as Danes saw a more vulnerable side of Henrik and slowly started to warm to him. Over time, his contrarian streak and flamboyance helped earn him cult status among young people. In 2013, he collaborated with Danish pop group Michael Learns To Rock, playing the piano on a track recorded for the king of Thailand. Months later he was photographed strolling with friends in the self-governed Copenhagen hippie community of Christiania, known for its cannabis trade, and in June 2014 he dressed up in a panda costume at a charity event. In April 2015 he controversially cancelled his appearance at Margrethe's 75th birthday celebrations for ill health, only to resurface in a tourist-packed square in Venice less than two days later. The tabloids were outraged, but fans saw it as the kind of erratic behaviour they had come to love him for. On Twitter, a popular radio show host wrote: 'Words cannot describe how much I love Henrik!' Prince Henrik was transferred from hospital to the family's residence north of Copenhagen last week, 'where he wished to spend his last moments', the royal palace said. He was first admitted to hospital on January 28 while he was travelling in Egypt, when he was diagnosed with a lung infection. He was quickly transported back to Copenhagen, where tests revealed a benign tumour in his left lung. Prince Henrik had also been diagnosed with dementia in September last year. A previous statement from the palace reported: 'Following a longer course of investigation, and most recently, a series of examinations conducted during late summer, a team of specialists at Rigshospitalet has now concluded that His Royal Highness Prince Henrik suffers from dementia.' On Friday, the palace said Prince Henrik's eldest son, Crown Prince Frederik, an International Olympic Committee member, had left the Winter Games in Pyeongchang because his father's condition had 'seriously worsened'. Over recent days, Margrethe and members of the royal family including Crown Prince Frederik and Crown Princess Mary have together or individually visited the prince at Copenhagen's university hospital before he returned to Fredensborg Palace. Henrik lived part of the year with the queen at the palace. 'Here the prince can be surrounded by the family and stay in an environment that matters to him,' Lene Balleby, Head of Communication, told Danish media. The palace, 20 miles north of Copenhagen, was used by Margrethe and Henrik as one of their residences. Henrik walked his dogs in the adjacent public park and the castle has seen scores of royal wedding parties, banquets and state dinners. The complex of 28 buildings and annexes was inaugurated in 1722 by King Frederik IV and additional construction was made under the three following monarchs. The prince first moved to Denmark from France in 1967 ahead of his June wedding to the then-crown princess, changing his French name, Henri, to Henrik. Before his marriage, he served in the French Army in the Algerian War, and worked for the French Foreign Affairs ministry at the French Embassy in London. Among his interests, Henrik had an affinity for poetry, which he wrote in French. Several of his poems have been published in poetry collections. Prince Henrik is a prince consort, not a king, as is traditional for men married to female monarchs. He retired from public service in 2016. A new press release issued from the palace on Wednesday confirmed that there will be a 'presentation' on Tuesday 20 February in Copenhagen to celebrate Prince Henrik's life. The palace also said that there will be a period of mourning until Wednesday 14 March, with the Royal family not participating in any events or entertaining until at least that point. When will Princess Mary become queen? Speculation mounts that Margrethe will abdicate due to Prince Henrik's death - leaving the Tasmanian to ascend to the throne with husband Frederik Speculation has mounted since early last year that Prince Frederik's mother, Queen Margrethe II, will abdicate the throne. If she were to, Crown Prince Frederik, 49, is next in line - which would leave Crown Princess Mary, 46, as queen consort. However, the editor of the The Australian Women's Weekly and author of The Royals In Australia, Juliet Rieden said an abdication by Queen Margrethe would be very unlikely. 'I talked to a lot of people in Denmark about this and the consensus is that Queen Margrethe is very unlikely to abdicate,' she told FEMAIL. 'The only reason that she would abdicate is if she became infirm and incapable of being a queen. 'Prince Henrik hasn't been by her side for a little bit so she is already used to taking the reigns on her own and done so very easily and with a lot of confidence so I don't imagine she will step aside now.' She added: 'Obviously Princess Mary will become Queen consort one day next to Prince Frederik who will be King but I don't think it will be in the next 12 months. 'You can never tell and other European monarchs have stepped aside for younger heirs but Queen Margrethe has always been very devoted to the job and she is known for that. 'There is a long tradition in Denmark for the head of state to stay in office for as long as he or she lives. In fact, the last time a Danish King resigned before he died was in 1523 so I think for Queen Margrethe to break with that historic tradition would be a big deal for Denmark.' Queen Margrethe II is the ruling monarch of Denmark, and she has had the throne since 1972 following the death of her father, King Frederick IX. Prince Frederik and Princess Mary will become King and Queen of Denmark at the time of Queen Margrethe's abdication or death. 
964090641327239168	2018-02-15 10:54:55	https://t.co/dLk40Ou2op	SpaceX to launch experimental satellites this weekend https://t.co/dLk40Ou2op	 Elon Musk's SpaceX, fresh off the successful launch this month of the world's most powerful rocket, won an endorsement on Wednesday from the top U.S. communications regulator to build a broadband network using satellites. Federal Communications Commission Chairman Ajit Pai proposed the approval of an application by SpaceX to provide broadband services using satellites in the United States and worldwide. It’s been years since Musk first revealed his plan to launch more than 4,000 internet-beaming satellites in a bid to create high-speed broadband from space. But, there have been several hurdles along the way. Scroll down for video Just last fall, the FCC said it would delay the project over concerns that the network could interfere with competing systems. Now, however, FCC Chairman Ajit Pai has revealed his support for the plan. 'Satellite technology can help reach Americans who live in rural or hard-to-serve places where fiber optic cables and cell towers do not reach,' Pai said in a statement. SpaceX told the FCC in a Feb. 1 letter that it plans to launch a pair of experimental satellites on one of its Falcon 9 rockets. That launch, already approved by the FCC, is set for Saturday in California. The rocket will carry the PAZ satellite for Hisdesat of Madrid, Spain and multiple smaller secondary payloads. SpaceX was not immediately available for comment. On Feb. 6, the company launched the world´s most powerful rocket, SpaceX´s Falcon Heavy, from Florida. The 23-story-tall jumbo rocket carried a Tesla Inc Roadster from the assembly line of Musk´s electric car company. Pai said after a staff review he was urging approval for SpaceX, saying: 'it would be the first approval given to an American-based company to provide broadband services using a new generation of low-Earth orbit satellite technologies.' Democratic FCC Commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel said satellite internet service shows great promise. 'They will multiply the number of satellites in the skies, creating extraordinary new opportunities ...The FCC should move quickly to facilitate these new services while underscoring our commitment to space safety,' she said. Musk said in a speech in 2015 in Seattle that SpaceX planned to launch a satellite-internet business that would help fund a future city on Mars. SpaceX wants to launch satellite internet in 2019, with hopes to carry out the initial tests this year. Each satellite in SpaceX's planned group will weigh about 850 lbs (386 kg). They will orbit at altitudes ranging from 715 miles (1,150 km) to 790 miles (1,275 km). From this height each satellite will be able to cover an area on the ground about around 1,300 miles (2,120 km) wide. The project, which Musk previously said would cost at least $10 billion (£8.03 billion), was first announced in January 2015. The plan hit a roadblock in September 2017 when US regulators expressed worries it will interfere with competing systems. But in February 2018, Federal Communications Commission Chairman Ajit Pai proposed the approval of an application by SpaceX to provide the broadband services using satellites in the United States and worldwide. He said the company wanted to create a 'global communications system' that he compared to 'rebuilding the internet in space.' It would be faster than traditional internet connections, he said. Over the past year, the FCC has approved requests by OneWeb, Space Norway, and Telesat to access the U.S. market to provide broadband services using satellite technology that, the FCC said, 'holds promise to expand Internet access in remote and rural areas across the country.' The approvals are the first of their kind, the FCC said, for 'a new generation of large, non-geostationary satellite orbit, fixed-satellite service systems.' It said it is also processing similar requests. In January, Telesat launched a satellite operated by the Indian Space Research Organization to deliver 'high-performing, cost-effective, fiber-like broadband anywhere in the world' and will conduct trials this year. The initial deployment will consist of approximately 120 satellites by 2021, said privately held Telesat, principally owned by Canada´s Public Sector Pension Investment Board and Loral Space &amp; Communications Inc. The U.S. government is working to try to bring high-speed internet access to rural areas that lack service. About 14 million rural Americans and 1.2 million Americans on tribal lands lack mobile broadband even at relatively slow speeds.
964086653424939009	2018-02-15 10:39:04	https://t.co/Xo9YicfnO0	3D reconstruction of Saint Valentine's skull reveals he had a strong jawline and died a young man https://t.co/Xo9YicfnO0	 The real face of Saint Valentine may have finally been revealed thanks to new 3D scans of the Patron Saint of Love's skull. Digital reconstructions reveal the Italian Saint had a strong jawline and died a young man when he was killed on February 14, 269 AD. The new scans contradict previous reconstructions of the Patron Saint of Love, which have typically suggested he was an older man of affluence. Little is known of the clergyman, but it is believed he was executed after he secretly defied a Roman Emperor's strict ban on marriage, helping soldiers to pair off with their wives illegally. It is believed his skull is now kept at the Basilica of Santa Maria of Cosmed in Rome, Italy. Now Brazilian graphic designer Cicero Moraes has reconstructed the face of the Patron Saint using scans of the skull taken by a team of archaeologists from Italy's University of Padua last year. Mr Moraes, owner and founder of imaging firm Cogitas3D, told MailOnline: 'I started modelling the main muscles over the skull, after that we put tissue depth markers to know how was the face formed in different regions. 'After, I made digital sculpting over the muscles and tissue depth markers. To finish, I put the hair and clothes.' Mr Moraes said it took about a week to complete the entire reconstruction. Although St Valentine's life is largely shrouded in mystery, tradition holds that the ancient clergyman, who was killed in 273AD, sacrificed his life for love by defying a ban on marriage imposed by the Roman Emperor Claudius II. Historians claim the hard-nosed ruler was determined to build a formidable army to defend his empire. He clamped down on lovers getting married as he believed that young men with no wife or dependants would be more likely to go to war. But the early Christian saint challenged the edict and secretly performed weddings for couples. The risks were great. Valentine lived at a time when Christians were persecuted and marriage ceremonies were still a new ritual. St Valentine's match-making activities, particularly for soldiers, were eventually uncovered and Claudius II imprisoned and tortured him. Legend has it that while in jail many young people supported him by throwing flowers and passing notes through the prison bars expressing their belief in marriage and love. And apparently shortly before his death, the clergyman fell head over heels for his jailer's blind daughter, Artemias, who miraculously regained her eyesight. On February 14, the day of his execution, St Valentine sent his sweetheart a goodbye love letter signed 'from your Valentine'. He used the 'Manchester method' which was developed by British forensic scientists in 1977 and recreates both soft tissue thickness and facial muscles. Mr Moraes said that differences between his reconstruction and previous work based on the skull reflects the convoluted nature of the myth surrounding the Saint. He told MailOnline: 'St Valentine is a story that had been amplified over time, and could be a legend made by more than one person. In this case, the reconstructed man is young.' As well as scans of the skull, the University of Padau experts radiocarbon dated the bones, finding that they matched up with the dates of the legend. The remains were dated to somewhere between 119 and 338 AD. St Valentine is known to have been born in 226 AD and died in 269 AD. Mr Moraes told MailOnline: 'The experts had direct contact with [the] skull and made carbon 14 test. It was a young man that lived more or less between the years 119 and 338.' Although St Valentine's life is largely shrouded in mystery, tradition holds that the ancient clergyman sacrificed his life for love by defying a ban on marriage imposed by the Roman Emperor Claudius II. He clamped down on lovers getting married as he believed that young men with no wife or dependants would be more likely to go to war. But Saint Valentine challenged the edict and secretly performed weddings for couples, earning himself imprisonment and a death sentence. Apparently shortly before his death, the clergyman fell head over heels for his jailer's blind daughter, Artemias, who miraculously regained her eyesight. On February 14, the day of his execution, St Valentine sent his sweetheart a goodbye love letter signed 'from your Valentine'. Carbon dating, also referred to as radiocarbon dating or carbon-14 dating, is a method that is used to determine the age of an object. It can only be used on objects containing organic material - that was once 'alive' and therefore contained carbon. The element carbon apears in nature in a few slightly different varieties, depending on the amount of neutrons in its nucleus. Called isotopes, these different types of carbon all behave differently. Most of the stable, naturally occurring carbon on Earth is carbon 12 - it accounts for 99 per cent of the element on our planet. Another carbon isotope is Carbon-14, a radioactive version of carbon. It occurs naturally in the atmosphere as part of carbon dioxide, and animals absorb it when they breathe. Animals stop taking it in when they die, and a finite amount of the chemical is stored in the body. Radioactive substances all have a half-life, the length of time it takes for a material to lose half of its radioactivity. Carbon-14 has a long half-life, 5,370 years to be exact. This long half-life can be used to find out how old objects are by measuring how much radioactivity is left in a specimen. Due to the long half-life, archaeologists have been able to date items up to 50,000 years old. Radiocarbon dating was first invented in the 1940s by an American physical chemist called Willard Libby. He won the 1960 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his discovery. 
964084122057629696	2018-02-15 10:29:01	https://t.co/wftkPPewq8	China confirms world's first human case of H7N4 bird flu during major travelling season https://t.co/wftkPPewq8	 China yesterday confirmed the first human case of H7N4 bird flu, a new type of avian influenza virus. The strain was identified in a 68-year-old woman from a city of five million residents in eastern China, according to China's National Health and Family Planning Commission. Bird flu is an infectious disease of birds caused by a variant of the standard influenza A virus. Bird flu is unique in that it can be transmitted directly from birds to humans. There are 15 different strains of known bird flu virus. Three particular strains have caused serious concerns so far: H5N1, H7N9, H5N6. According to the statement from the Chinese authority, the patient, known by the surname Tang, lives in the city of Changzhou in Jiangsu Province. She was admitted to hospital after falling ill on December 25. The statement said the patient had had contact with live poultry before getting sick, and that she was discharged from the hospital on January 22 after 'recovering from her illness'. Doctors had diagnosed the patient's condition to be severe pneumonia and treated her accordingly, but follow-up examination by Chinese Centre for Disease Control and Prevention confirmed the woman had been infected with the H7N4 bird flu virus. Also known as avian influenza, bird flu is an infectious disease of birds caused by a variant of the standard influenza A virus. Bird flu is unique in that it can be transmitted directly from birds to humans. There are 15 different strains of the virus. It is the H5N1 strain which is infecting humans and causing high death rates. Humans can catch bird flu directly through close contact with live infected birds and those who work with infected chickens are most at risk. The authority said 28 people who had had close contact with the patient were under observation and have been discharged. No symptoms were found in them. The case was confirmed amid a major travelling season in China. Millions of people are travelling by bus, train and air to go home for the Lunar New Year, which falls on February 16. The world's first human cases of bird flu were reported in Hong Kong in 1997, when six people were killed by the H5N1 strain of the virus. Hundreds more have died worldwide in subsequent outbreaks, especially of highly-virulent strains like H7N9. Cases of person-to-person bird flue transmission are rare, but have occurred in the past. The first suspected case of person-to-person transmission of H5N1 bird flu happened in Thailand in 2004 when a mother died after caring for her sick daughter, according to nature.com. China is prone to outbreaks of avian flu among humans because people buy and sell live poultry at farmers' markets across the nation. Hong Kong, which saw the first ever outbreak of human cases of bird flu, has issued a health warning for those travelling to the mainland. The semi-autonomous southern Chinese city is a high-risk area for the spread of communicable diseases because of its high population density and busy regional and international transport links. 'Travellers to the mainland or other affected areas must avoid visiting wet markets, live poultry markets or farms,' the Centre for Health Protection warned after the H7N4 strain was reported by China. Authorities in China and Hong Kong did not provide further details on the H7N4 strain found in the woman, such as its virulence. An outbreak of this type of bird flu hit chickens in New South Wales, Australia, in 1997, according to World Health Organization records. 
964081211630071808	2018-02-15 10:17:27	https://t.co/kx4YZDagIP	Schoolgirl, 14, is killed when a lawnmower's blade flies off and 'cuts her head in two' https://t.co/kx4YZDagIP	 A girl's head was split in half and two of her friends were injured when a lawnmower's blades flew off at high speed. Nur Afini Roslan, a student at the Tuanku Abd Rahman secondary school in the town of Gemas in the south-western Malaysian state of Negeri Sembilan, was on the school playing field when the accident happened. She was killed when the flying blade cut her head in two, local media report. The two friends the 14-year-old was with at the time were also injured, though not seriously. Police Superintendent Hamazah Abd Razak said the accident happened at 10.30am and that the girl was believed to have died instantly at the scene. Her friends Mohd Farhan Reza Badrol Hesam, 13, and Abdullah Hazlan, 14, received 'light' injuries though they were not detailed in reports. A small tractor seen in pictures of the aftermath of the incident is believed to have been pulling a mower attachment which malfunctioned disastrously. The superintendent added: 'We deployed a team to the scene upon receiving the emergency call. 'The girl's remains have been taken to the Tampin Hospital for a post-mortem examination, while the injured students were taken to the Gemas Health Clinic for treatment.' The identity of the person operating the mower was not released, and it was not clear who was responsible for its maintenance. Police say they are investigating the death. 
964078749015855105	2018-02-15 10:07:40	https://t.co/J1j3MrlHBF	Fugitive pirate who killed 'world's greatest sailor' Sir Peter Blake is captured after 15 years on the run https://t.co/J1j3MrlHBF	 One of the fugitive killers of record-breaking yachtsman Sir Peter Blake has been captured by police after more than 15 years on the run. Jose Irandir Cardoso was arrested after military police who intercepted him at a routine stop on the Brazilian island of Marajo found he was carrying his brother's ID and discovered his true identity after checking his fingerprints at a local station. Cardoso, one of the Amazon pirates jailed over the 5 December 2001 killing of Kiwi hero Blake, vanished after being sentenced to 32 years in prison. Local reports said he had been on the run for 16 years. Last night he was being held at a prison in Breves on Marajo, a large river island bordered by the mouth of the Amazon river in northern Brazil, after being paraded in front of local media by police who captured him. The violent death of Sir Peter Blake, the world's most famous sailor at the time, had international repercussions. The 53-year-old, knighted in 1995, was monitoring global warming and pollution on the Amazon for the United Nations when his boat called Seamaster was attacked by armed robbers wearing balaclavas and crash helmets. Blake was fatally shot in the back by one of the assailants after a rifle he had used to defend himself and his crew malfunctioned. The attackers fled with an outboard motor and some watches after injuring two other crew members with knives. Ricardo Colares Tavares, the man who shot the Kiwi sailor dead, was later sentenced to 37 years in prison Jose Irandir Cardoso, found guilty of armed robbery leading to death along with five accomplices from a gang called the Water Rats, was jailed for 32 years. It was not immediately clear on Thursday how Cardoso went on the run, although it is believed he may have vanished after being allowed to sleep at home under strict house arrest conditions. Police confirmed only that he had been a fugitive from the Amapa State Penitentiary Service and he had been held around 11pm local time on Tuesday after trying to pass himself off as his brother Sergio Roberto Colares Cardoso. Sir Peter won the 1989-90 Whitbread Round the World Race and held the Jules Verne Trophy from 1994 to 1997 by setting the fastest time around the world as co-skipper of ENZA New Zealand. He also led his country to successive victories in the America's Cup, the sport's most prestigious trophy. He was appointed as a goodwill ambassador of the UN's environment programme five months before his death. His daughter Sarah Jane was among the 14 crew that set out on the Omega-sponsored research expedition that ended in tragedy. He was buried at Warblington churchyard near Emsworth in Hampshire, the small town where he and his wife Pippa raised their two children. Helen Clark, New Zealand Prime Minister at the time, called Blake a 'living legend' after his death. His headstone bears the words of John Masefield's famous poem Sea-Fever poem: 'I must down to the sea again, to the lonely sea and sky, and all I ask is a tall ship and a star to steer her by.' 
964074061608480768	2018-02-15 09:49:02	https://t.co/tcbq9gOzpa	Cabin crew reveal passengers’ MOST annoying habits https://t.co/tcbq9gOzpa	 For many people, a holiday begins on boarding the plane, with the flight a chance to unwind and get into the spirit of things. But spare a thought for the cabin crew whose job it is to look after all those excited, rowdy - and occasionally obnoxious - passengers. In an eye-opening thread on Quora, frustrated flight attendants have revealed the most annoying things passengers do on planes - and most people are probably guilty of at least one. Heavy petting, bad breath, and breaking wind emerged as the behaviour most likely to make flight attendants fed up. One female flight attendant, Susan, who joined in the thread, urged passengers to bring a packet of mints or chewing gum onto long haul flights to avoid treating cabin crew to a blast of their morning breath. She revealed it's equally irksome when travellers fail to say hello or goodbye to staff when leaving and boarding flights, as it makes the crew feel 'invisible'. 'We are not robots, we are humans too,' she said. Another, male flight attendant said he finds it frustrating when people insist on talking through the safety demonstration, even if they've heard it before, as other people may not have. Richard, a retired cabin crew member, said he gets peeved when passengers unnecessarily press the call button to summon a member of staff. He explained: 'You aren't the most important person on the plane and the FA's (flight attendants) have other people to take care of. Unless you're bleeding or having a heart attack, it's not an emergency.' Susan also complained about parents not taking control of their rowdy children during flights, and expecting the crew to look after them instead. She said: 'The crew are not nannies on board to run after the children. I lost count on how many times U seen parents sitting comfortably in their seats and let their kids run wild on the other end of the plane. 'It is OK for children to take a walk on board, but with their parents - not alone [sic].' Many of the people commenting on the thread said couples showing public displays of affection are a common occurrence - and that some take it way too far. One, named as Rishi, recalled couples having 'loud sex' in the toilets on flights he'd been on. Some passengers don't even hide in the toilets, according to Susan, who said she's had to ask customers to 'keep the noise down' while kissing and fondling in their seats. 
964073082674704384	2018-02-15 09:45:09	https://t.co/qlS64dkHZu	Apple HomePod reviewers complain after smart speakers create white ring on their furniture https://t.co/qlS64dkHZu	 Be careful where you put your HomePod. Apple has confirmed that its recently released smart speaker can damage wood furniture, by leaving behind a nasty white ring on the surface. The defect was spotted by Wirecutter, which noticed that a white ring appeared after the HomePod was placed on an 'oiled butcher-block countertop' and a wooden side table. The issue comes as Apple's £319 ($349) HomePod became available for sale in the US, UK and Australia on February 9. Another post on Pocket-Lint said the mark appeared after just 20 minutes of the HomePod sitting on a oak kitchen countertop. Apple has since updated its HomePod support page to reflect the issue, saying that the mark may be caused by oils diffusing between the device's silicone base and the table surface. So, it may not leave a ring behind on all wooden surfaces, just those that are treated with oil. The firm added that the rings often go away after a few days when the speaker is removed from the wooden surface. Wiping the surface with a soft damp or dry cloth may remove the marks. Or, it may not, according to Apple. 'If the marks persist, clean the surface with the furniture manufacturer's recommended cleaning process,' the firm continues, seemingly suggesting that the user might need to refinish their furniture in order for the ring to go away. Apple says that if neither of these options work, users should just move their HomePod to some other non-wooden surface. 'If you're concerned about this, we recommend placing your HomePod on a different surface,' Apple noted. The iPhone maker reiterated that 'it's not unusual for any speaker' with a silicone bottom to leave marks behind on wooden surfaces. Apple has confirmed that its recently released smart speaker can damage wood furniture, by leaving behind a nasty white ring on the surface. The iPhone maker has since updated its HomePod support page to reflect the issue. Apple says that the mark may be caused by oils diffusing between the device's silicone base and the table surface. The company set out a few different steps to remove the white ring: One Twitter user pointed out that his Echo Dot produced a similar mark when it was put on oiled wood. Apple notably delayed shipping the HomePod until this year, as the firm said it 'needed more time' to perfect the device. However, it appears that quality assurance testing wasn't able to spot this issue, Slate noted. Still, it's likely that this issue will only affect a small percentage of consumers. That didn't stop Twitter users from finding some comedic value in the design flub. Some joked that Apple should instruct users to put a coaster under their HomePod, with one quipping that 'ten 'HomePod Coaster' start ups were formed in the past two hours.' 
964071549862137856	2018-02-15 09:39:03	https://t.co/6U1wfF7zad	'Topless' Tongan skier reveals he has two goals for the Winter Olympics as he prepares to race https://t.co/6U1wfF7zad	 Tongan cross-country skier Pita Taufatofua only has two immediate goals when he competes in his first Winter Olympics - not to hit a tree and finish before the lights are turned off. The medal podium is far from the mind of the 'shirtless' Tongan, who qualified for the cross-country event despite having taken up the sport less than a year ago and having spent less than 12 weeks of his life on snow. The 34-year-old Taufatofua said his real long-term goal is to inspire others from the South Pacific to give the Olympics a shot. He's doing a good job so far as one of a very few athletes to compete in the Summer and Winter Games. 'I won't medal on Friday, but in four years someone from Tonga might, in eight years someone from the Pacific might,' Taufatofua said. 'These kids who are watching now, they'll have access to something they never knew existed before.' The athlete became a TV and internet hit in 2016 when he walked shirtless into the opening ceremonies at the Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro carrying the Tongan flag, his bare chest oiled up, showing off his muscular physique. He didn't fare so well in taekwondo at those games, losing his first match 19-1. But shortly after that, the persistent Taufatofua decided to make a run at qualifying for the Winter Games - even though it almost never snows where he comes from. He took up cross-country skiing because he said it was the most challenging of all Olympic events, training on roller-skies at home and in Australia. Despite only recently seeing snow, he managed to qualify for the Olympics in a remote location, sacrificing nearly everything he had financially to make his dream come true. When he arrived in Pyeongchang he said he wouldn't march without a shirt, but when the opening ceremonies began there he was topless and carrying the Tonga flag despite bone-chilling temperatures. The crowd roared with approval. 'If my ancestors can sail across the Pacific Ocean for 1,000 years, not knowing where the next piece of land is going to be, not knowing where their next meal is going to be, going to war, then I can walk for 25 minutes through an opening ceremony without a shirt on,' Taufatofua said. 'Because that's what they wore for 1,000 years.' Taufatofua's mere presence here is a testimony to his perseverance. He was considered too small to be given a chance to play rugby as a high school kid. But he still went to all of the practices. 'For four years I was never once put on the field, I was never given a chance,' he said. 'The coaches thought I had no chance. That taught me two things - I was resilient (and) I don't give up. I needed better coaches at the time because that's not how you treat people.' Taufatofua said he hasn't received much advice yet other Olympic cross-country skiers, joking that he's normally too far behind. 'By the time you get to the finish line, they've already gone home, had coffee, had dinner and gone to sleep - so you don't have much time to talk to them,' he said, laughing. That's something he struggles with sometimes while competing in the 15-kilometer event - the race he's entered on Friday. 'The 15K has never been kind to me, we have this love-hate, hate-hate relationship actually,' he said. 'All of my qualifying points have been in the 10K, which is sort of at the limit of my ability.' He's been more concerned about his homeland than any Olympic distance this week. Speaking to BBC sport earlier today, he said: 'I wake up at 4am, go out on these roller skis and people are supporting. So I can't let people down, I have to keep trying. 'I am not going to win, I had 12 weeks. The miracle was to get here. I do it because there are people who are inspired by this story. 'Publicly, I show all my failings as well - I don't just put on this image of a perfect life.' A cyclone that hit Tonga earlier this week - the biggest in 60 years - devastated homes and wrecked the Parliament house, and Taufatofua asked people via a Facebook post to stay tuned for how they can help out. Now he's in Olympic mode - in Pyeongchang and maybe further down the line. As for the next Summer Games, in 2020, he said he may take up another sport, perhaps something to do with the water. 'Stay tuned,' he said. 
964069046894415872	2018-02-15 09:29:06	https://t.co/JgQxFdhbLd	White parents agonizing over whether to allow their kids to wear Black Panther costume https://t.co/JgQxFdhbLd	 Black Panther comes roaring into theaters Thursday, and along with it comes merchandise and costumes for adults and children alike. But as thousands of parents prepare to take their children to see the film, which is expected to rake it in at the box office, some white parents have been left wondering about how to approach the subject of race. White parents are trying to make sure they are not culturally appropriating when they take their children to see Black Panther over the weekend, especially if those children want to dress up like the main character - superhero T'Challa, AKA the Black Panther. Some parents are worried that allowing their children to wear the Black Panther masks or costumes could be considered cultural appropriation, or even black face. In a New York Times op-ed published Tuesday, author Kwame Opam pointed out that many parents are trying to toe the line to make sure they aren't accused of being racially insensitive. Scroll down for video 'Many parents are split on how Black Panther's blackness should figure into their children's relationship with the character,' the article said. But after speaking to many experts, the overwhelming conclusion remained the same, children of all races are welcome, and even encouraged to dress up as T'Challa. That being said, it is important for white parents to have a conversation with children about the issues of race in America before seeing the film, the article explained. 'When I look at it, I see no reason why a kid who's not black can't dress like Black Panther,' Vimeo HR Director Katrina Jones told the Times. 'Just like our kid who's not white dresses up like Captain America. I think the beautiful thing about comics is they do transcend race in a lot of ways.' Evan Narcisse, editor of website IO9, said he agrees, but that it's impossible to talk about the movie with his seven-year-old without bringing up race. 'You want that white kid to be able to think that he can dress up in a Black Panther costume, because, to that kid, there's no difference between Captain America and Black Panther,' he explained. Associate professor at Texas Woman's University Brigitte Vittrup said white people shouldn't ignore the element of race when talking about it to their children. 'White people have the privilege of not constantly being reminded of their race in the United States, where white is the majority, whereas a black person you don't,' she explained. Vittrup said that something to keep in mind for parents is how important this is for black children, because 'there's not a whole lot of black superheroes.' Chadwick Boseman, who plays the titular character in the film, said in an interview with Buzzfeed in the fall he's 'thrilled' that children of all races want to dress up like his character. 'This Halloween, the first time I see a little kid, a white kid, dressed up as Black Panther, I'm taking a picture,' he said. 'You better believe I'm taking a picture, because that's the crossover.' Ultimately, the experts concluded to the Times that wearing the mask is not cultural appropriation, and it is not the same as wearing black face. That being said, many agreed that this is the perfect opportunity for white parents to have a conversation with their children about race in America, and what Black Panther means to black people. 'Kids are not colorblind,' Vittrup said. 'There's a lot of structural inequality in our society, and kids are noticing that. By not mentioning it, by not talking about it, we're essentially preserving the status quo.' 
964064006829985792	2018-02-15 09:09:05	https://t.co/qhIkbIBKO7	Women with asthma struggle more to get pregnant with some taking 20% longer to conceive https://t.co/qhIkbIBKO7	 Women with asthma struggle more to become pregnant, research suggests. But using long-acting steroid inhalers removed the problem, scientists found. Those with asthma took 20 per cent longer to conceive, according to a study of 5,000 women in Britain, Ireland and Australia. And they were 40 per cent more likely to be classed as ‘infertile’ – defined as having unsuccessfully tried for a baby for more than a year. Long-acting steroid inhalers – brown inhalers used on a regular basis – resulted in asthmatic patients conceiving as quickly as healthy women. But women who only used blue inhalers – the emergency devices which remove symptoms in the case of an asthma attack – saw no benefit to their conception speed. The scientists from the University of Adelaide, writing in the European Respiratory Journal, said the inflammation that triggers asthma is the most likely explanation for a reduction in fertility. They believe the inflammation may also affect the reproductive system. Lead researcher Dr Luke Grzeskowiak said: ‘There is plenty of evidence that maternal asthma has a negative impact on the health of pregnant mothers and their babies, and so our general advice is that women should take steps to get their asthma under control before trying to conceive. ‘What we don’t yet know is exactly how asthma or asthma treatments lead to fertility problems. As well as affecting the lungs, asthma could cause inflammation elsewhere in the body, including the uterus. ‘It could also affect the health of eggs in the ovaries. Inhaled corticosteroids suppress the immune system, whereas short-acting asthma treatments do not alter immune function. ‘In women who are only using relievers it’s possible that, while their asthma symptoms may improve, inflammation may still be present in the lungs and other organs in the body.’ Dr Erika Kennington, head of research of Asthma UK, said: ‘This study shines a light on how vital it is that people with asthma take their preventative brown inhaler. ‘For the three million women in the UK who have asthma, this will not only build up protection over time in their airways, preventing them from having a potentially fatal asthma attack, but this study suggests it also means their fertility will be less likely to be affected. ‘We’d encourage everyone with asthma to take all their medicines including their preventer inhaler. ‘We’d advise women with asthma who are trying for a baby, to ensure they get their asthma under control and to speak to their doctor if they don’t have a preventer inhaler.’ Dr Grzeskowiak added: ‘Five to ten per cent of all women around the world have asthma and it is one of the most common chronic medical conditions in women of reproductive age. ‘Several studies have identified a link between asthma and female infertility – but the impact of asthma treatments on fertility has been unclear. ‘Studying the effect of asthma treatments in women who are pregnant or trying to get pregnant is important as women often express concerns about exposing their unborn babies to potentially harmful effects of medications.’ Asthma affects about 5million people over the age of 12 in the UK, according to the British Lung Foundation.
964058959152861184	2018-02-15 08:49:01	https://t.co/NUlpiBK4Ue	Scientist reveals what he does to flu-proof his home https://t.co/NUlpiBK4Ue	 Homes are germy places. Microbes come from a variety of sources such as ventilation systems, plants, the outdoor environment and our own microbial cloud. Usually, they pose no threat to our health and you need not worry. When someone contracts a respiratory virus, such as influenza, you might want to reevaluate the situation to keep others safe from illness. So how do you evacuate those flu germs from your home and workplace? The best way is to follow a process known as infection prevention and control. It's been used for decades in health care to keep patients, visitors and staff safe. All that's required is a change of mindset: You must view the home like a hospital. Then, by following a few easy steps, you can reduce the chances of the infection spreading to everyone who lives in, or enters, your home. Stop touching your face The first step in the process is to determine how the pathogen of interest spreads. For influenza, there are two well-known routes. The first is direct transmission from one person to another via droplets and possibly through the air. The other is indirect transmission in which people inadvertently infect themselves after touching contaminated surfaces, sometimes called 'fomites.' Which route is most likely to contribute to infection spread? Direct may seem the obvious choice. But research has shown indirect transmission may be a significant contributor to an outbreak. That's because humans have a habit of regularly touching their faces, increasing chances for the introduction of the virus. Use steam to kill flu The next stage involves figuring out methods to prevent and/or control the routes of infection. The easiest option is to eliminate spread by keeping infected people away from areas where healthy ones tend to congregate. But, unlike in a hospital, isolation is not usually possible — or ethical — in the home. The only option then is to reduce the likelihood of self-inoculation by killing the virus on surfaces, a practice known as disinfection. Disinfection is different from general cleaning as it is designed to kill certain types of microbial species. In health care, disinfectants are regulated and approved by governments and offer specific killing claims. However, the same cannot be said for consumer products and they may not be as effective as needed. Thankfully, killing influenza can be achieved by wiping with simple detergents, diluted bleach, or hydrogen peroxide. If chemicals are not desired, flu also dies in the presence of steam, a fact known for well more than 100 years. Disinfect the TV remote and family iPad After choosing a disinfectant, the final step involves identifying the surfaces to clean. Those of greatest concern are 'high-touch surfaces' — those that are touched on a regular basis by many individuals. In hospitals, these include bed rails, tables and carts. In the home, high-touch surfaces also exist such as refrigerator and microwave handles, faucets, light switches, door knobs, the toilet and, not surprisingly, the TV remote control and other electronic devices. All of these are prime sources for virus contamination and need to be disinfected regularly. Of course, regularly is an arbitrary term. To know how often to disinfect, you need to understand the pathogen's ability to stay alive in the environment. Experiments with influenza reveal the virus can remain infectious on surfaces for up to 24 hours. This means you should disinfect as often as possible while an individual is showing symptoms and, to be safe, for a few days after they subside. Wash your hands - and kitchen sponges - regularly As infection prevention and control has learned, such frequency is hard to maintain. That is why surface disinfection must be supplemented with constant hand hygiene. After contact with a suspect surface, people should wash their hands. If there's a sink available, wash with water and soap making sure to lather for at least 20 seconds and drying the hands fully. You can also use an alcohol-based hand rub, consisting of between 62 per cent and 70 per cent ethanol, as long as the hands stay wet for at least 15 seconds. When executed properly, a combination of hand-washing and disinfection will help to prevent the unnecessary spread of flu and allow for a quicker return to normal. This process can also help to stop the spread of other pathogens, such as colds, skin infections and the dreaded norovirus. Though the process does require time and energy, making sure loved ones stay safe from the toll of these infections certainly makes the effort worthwhile. This article was originally published by The Conversation
964057773653790720	2018-02-15 08:44:19	https://t.co/CMVjH1KzoJ	Tycoon Cyril Ramaphosa to be sworn in as South African president TODAY https://t.co/CMVjH1KzoJ	 Cyril Ramaphosa has become South Africa's new President 19 years after Nelson Mandela put him forward him as his replacement. The multi-millionaire tycoon was voted into the post on Thursday after helping to force out predecessor and former boss Jacob Zuma amid a corruption probe. Ramaphosa, Mandela's chief negotiator during the end of apartheid, was favoured by man nicknamed Madiba to replace him as head of the ANC and as President in 1999. At Mandela's side when he was released from prison in 1990, Ramaphosa rose to world prominence and helped to write South Africa's constitution once white minority rule had ended. But his hopes of winning the top job were dashed when Thabo Mbeki won leadership of the ANC ahead of him. Disillusioned with politics, Ramaphosa left to make his millions, becoming one of Africa's richest men in the process, before returning to politics as deputy president of the ANC in 2012. Two years later he became the deputy President of South Africa, before assuming the leadership on Thursday. As Ramaphosa was sworn in, police issued an arrest warrant for Ajay Gupta, part of the powerful Gupta family who are at the heart of allegations against Zuma. South African authorities said eight people have been arrested after they Gupta home was raided on Wednesday, and they are seeking another five suspects. Zuma is accused of offering the Gupta family government contracts in return for favourable coverage in their news networks. Both parties deny this. Ramaphosa said issues of corruption and state ownership were 'on my radar' ahead of his swearing in. In an address to the parliament in Cape Town, Ramaphosa said he was 'humbled' by the honor and called for all parties to work together to serve their people. 'South Africa must come first in everything we do,' he said. Cheers and dancing broke out in parliament as the speaker earlier announced she had received a copy of Zuma's resignation letter ahead of the vote. As Ramaphosa was voted in, the South African rand surged to a near two-and-a-half year high while the stock market was on course for its best day in three years. Ramaphosa was the only candidate nominated for election in the parliament after two opposition parties said they would not participate. The opposition parties instead unsuccessfully called for the dissolution of the National Assembly and early elections. A national ballot is scheduled for 2019. The ruling African National Congress 'couldn't have got a better person to lead the country out of crisis', said William Gumede, professor at the school of governance at the University of the Witswatersrand. 'What's exciting about Ramaphosa is that he is a proven strategic thinker and actor,' Mr Gumede said. 'As the leader of the National Union of Mineworkers in the 1980s, as the ANC's negotiator to end apartheid, as the chairman of the assembly writing the constitution, Ramaphosa has negotiated very difficult, complex problems and he has delivered solutions.' Despite being part of Mr Zuma's government, Mr Ramaphosa became an increasingly outspoken critic of the corruption scandals surrounding the president. He vowed to steer South Africa from the turmoil that has hurt the economy and briefly sent it into recession last year. Still, as one of the country's wealthiest citizens, there is a wide gulf between Mr Ramaphosa and the vast majority of the people of South Africa, a mineral-rich country with one of the world's highest rates of inequality and unemployment hovering close to 30%. He also faces steep challenges with national elections in 2019 as the ANC saw its worst showing at the polls in 2016, losing the key municipalities including Johannesburg and the capital, Pretoria. 'Cyril Ramaphosa inherits an alarming mess from Jacob Zuma,' said Ben Payton, head of Africa research for Verisk Maplecroft. Restoring confidence in the troubled mining sector, ending the corruption around state-owned enterprises and winning over Mr Zuma's supporters within the ANC should be among his top priorities, Mr Payton said. Mr Ramaphosa, he said, will be 'walking a tightrope, balancing the competing priorities of holding his party together while avoiding economic disaster'. Mr Ramaphosa became the leader of the ANC, Africa's oldest liberation movement, in December by narrowly defeating Zuma's ex-wife, Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma. He quickly spoke out against the corruption that had weakened the ANC, which has been in power since the end of white minority rule in 1994, and sped up the momentum that led to Mr Zuma's resignation. Mr Ramaphosa knew well what was needed to bring about a change of leadership as he has been a key ANC figure for decades, having served on its National Executive Committee for 26 years. Zuma, nicknamed the 'Teflon President', resigned in a nationally televised address late Wednesday after the ANC instructed him to step down or face a parliamentary motion of no confidence that he would almost certainly lose. Ramaphosa has promised to fight the corruption that turned some supporters against the ANC during the months of growing public anger over the scandals surrounding Zuma. The new president is challenged with reviving the reputation of Africa's most prominent liberation movement, which fought the former system of white minority rule known as apartheid and took power in 1994 in the first all-race elections. On Thursday the foundation of Nelson Mandela, South Africa's first black president, welcomed Zuma's departure but said the state must act against 'networks of criminality' that have hurt the country's democracy. As the country marks the centenary of Mandela's 1918 birth, 'there is a need to reckon with the failures of the democratic era,' the foundation said. 'We believe that we are at a critical moment in our history, one which offers us the unique opportunity to reflect, to rebuild, and to transform.' Zuma kept South Africans guessing as to whether he would resign until the final part of a half-hour speech on Wednesday night, insisting that he was not fazed by the no confidence motion being organised against him by the ANC in the national assembly. The 75-year-old president said he disagreed with the way the ANC wanted him to depart ahead of schedule following the election of Cyril Ramaphosa as party president in December. 'Even though I disagree with the decision of the leadership of my organisation, I have always been a disciplined member of the ANC,' he said. Zuma - in power since 2009 - had been under increasing pressure to hand power over to Ramaphosa because of the almost 800 corruption allegations he faces. He is one of South Africa's richest businessmen and has faced claims of being a 'silent deputy' during Jacob Zuma's scandal-hit administration. Cyril Ramaphosa has now replaced the veteran president after the 75-year-old finally resigned. A veteran of the struggle to end apartheid, the 65-year-old has promoted himself as a reformer - but is not free from controversy himself. Many South Africans remember that Mr Ramaphosa was a board member of the Lonmin mining group at the time of the Marikana killings in 2012, when police shot dead 34 striking mine workers. In 2017, he was accused of having affairs with several young women, which he denied. Elected to lead the ruling African National Congress (ANC) in December, Ramaphosa was also the party's candidate for president in the 2019 run off. He held off competition from Zuma's ex wife and former cabinet minister Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma in a bitter political campaign which threatened to tear the party apart. Ramaphosa's long and eventful career has taken him from trade union activist to multi-millionaire and now to within touching distance of the South African presidency. After South Africa dismantled apartheid, Ramaphosa saw his hopes for the country's top job dashed. True to his pragmatic character, he opted instead for life in business - a move that brought him spectacular wealth. But his election last year as head of the ruling African National Congress (ANC) brings him to the brink of realising his dream. It was after Ramaphosa failed to clinch the ANC nomination to succeed president Nelson Mandela in 1999 that he swapped politics for a foray into business that made him one of the wealthiest people in Africa. Mandela once described Ramaphosa as one of the most gifted leaders of the 'new generation' - the young campaigners who rose in the 1970s, filling the void left by their jailed elders. During his business career, Ramaphosa held stakes in McDonald's and Coca-Cola and made millions in deals that required investors to partner with non-white shareholders. He became one of the richest men on the continent - reaching number 42 on Forbes list of Africa's wealthiest people in 2015 with a net worth of $450 million (383 million euros). Out of politics for a decade, Ramaphosa returned to frontline politics in 2012 when he was elected to the ANC's number-two post. He became deputy president of the nation in 2014, but had to tread a careful line. He had to both serve Zuma - tarred by accusations of corruption and incompetence - and also deliver occasional, cautious criticism of his political master. His ambivalence has led to criticism. Mmusi Maimane, leader of the main opposition Democratic Alliance party, accused Ramaphosa of being 'at best a silent deputy president, and at worst a complicit one'. Born on November 17, 1952 in Soweto township west of Johannesburg - a centre of the anti-apartheid struggle - Ramaphosa became involved with student activism while studying law in the 1970s. He was arrested in 1974 and spent 11 months in solitary confinement. After studying, he turned to trade unionism - one of the few legal ways of protesting the white-minority regime. He founded the National Union of Mineworkers (NUM) in 1982 which grew to 300,000 members and led massive mine strikes in 1987 that shook the foundations of white rule. When Mandela was released in 1990 after 27 years in prison for opposing apartheid, Ramaphosa was a key part of the taskforce that led the transition to democracy. Ramaphosa won global prominence as the ANC's lead negotiator, with his contribution seen as one factor in the success of the talks and the resulting peaceful democratic handover. He then led the group that drew up the country's world-renowned new constitution. Ramaphosa - who is relaxed and low-key at public appearances - has managed to steer clear of major corruption scandals but his return to politics has not been free from controversy. His popularity was badly shaken in 2012 when 34 striking mine workers were killed by police at the Marikana platinum mine, operated by London-listed Lonmin, where he was then a non-executive director. Shortly before the massacre - the worst police killing since the end of apartheid - Ramaphosa had called for a crackdown on the strikers, whom he accused of 'dastardly criminal' behaviour. Ramaphosa has four children with his second wife Tshepo Motsepe, a doctor. In 2017, he was accused of having affairs with several young women, which he denied. Ramaphosa did admit to an extramarital affair but told local media that he had since disclosed the relationship to his wife. Some saw the sudden revelations as a smear campaign by associates of President Zuma determined to ensure that Dlamini-Zuma takes the ANC top job. The impact of the scandal was short-lived, and Ramaphosa based his campaign on his pledge to rebuild the country's economy, boost growth and create much-needed jobs. Earlier on Wednesday he had flatly rejected an order by the ANC to resign, arguing the that the governing party's demands were 'very unfair'. 'I need to be furnished on what I have done [wrong] and unfortunately that hasn't been done,' he said. The interview was held after police raided the residential compound of the wealthy Gupta family, described as some of President Zuma's closest allies. An elite police unit entered the compound of the Guptas, who are accused of using their connections to the president to influence Cabinet appointments and win state contracts. The Indian-born family have long been implicated in corruption cases linked to the President but have been largely untouchable - until now. Both parties deny all allegations of wrongdoing. After being voted in, Ramaphosa will address lawmakers gathered in the parliament in Cape Town, the party said in a statement. 'The office of the chief justice has made itself available today to officiate in the business of electing a new president,' the ANC chief whip, Jackson Mthembu, told a parliamentary committee meeting. Zuma is currently waiting for South Africa's chief prosecutor to make a decision on whether he will face old charges of corruption over an arms deal two decades ago. Ramaphosa was due to take over as ANC leader in 2019 after being chosen to do so in December. His first state of the nation address is expected on Friday, after the speech, scheduled to be delivered by Zuma, was postponed as pressure mounted. The rand currency, which has gained ground whenever Zuma hit political turbulence, soared to a near three-year high against the dollar on Zuma's resignation. April 12, 1942: Zuma is born in rural Nkandla in KwaZulu-Natal province. He grows up without formal schooling. 1963: A member of the armed wing of the ANC, he is convicted of trying to overthrow the apartheid government and serves 10 years on the Robben Island prison alongside Nelson Mandela. 1973: Freed, he sets up underground ANC networks and then is the group's chief of intelligence from Zambia. 1990: After 15 years mostly spent in exile, he returns to South Africa when the ANC is unbanned. He is key in talks that lead to a national unity government after the first all-race elections, in 1994, won by the ANC. 1997: He becomes the ANC's vice president. Two years later he is elected deputy president of the country. 2006: He is cleared of rape charges but ridiculed for testifying he took a shower after consensual sex with his HIV-positive accuser. 2009: Two years after ousting Thabo Mbeki as ANC leader, he is elected president. He is re-elected in 2014. 2016: A top court finds he flouted the constitution by using public funds to upgrade his private residence. An anti-corruption watchdog meanwhile charges he allowed a wealthy Indian business family, the Guptas, undue influence over his government. 2017: Zuma fires his finance minister, unleashing open war in the ANC. August 2017: He survives a fourth impeachment vote since 2015. December 2017: He is replaced as ANC chief by his deputy, Cyril Ramaphosa, and comes under pressure to quit the presidency early, ahead of the next elections. February 14, 2018: Resigns from the presidency after the ANC threatens a no-confidence vote in parliament. The FTSE/JSE Africa All Share Index rose as much as 2.7 percent, while the rand reached its strongest level since February 2015, gaining 0.5 percent at 11.6570 for one US dollar in early trading. For South Africans, who have suffered economic stagnation and national embarrassment following the endless allegations of corruption against Zuma, his presidency only highlighted the failure of national politics. The party suffered major setbacks in South Africa's local elections in 2016 and is at risk of losing its majority in general elections scheduled for next year. In 2006 Zuma was acquitted of raping a family friend and he is still challenging numerous counts of corruption related to a government arms deal from the late 1990s when he was deputy president. Despite presenting himself as an anti-apartheid veteran, Zuma's waning political credentials were confirmed last December when deputy president Ramaphosa replaced him as ruling party leader. He was further embarrassed when he failed to repay public money he had used to renovate his home. Cyril Ramaphosa's long and eventful career has taken him from trade union activist to multi-millionaire. Ramaphosa became involved with student activism while studying law in the 1970s. He was arrested in 1974 and spent 11 months in solitary confinement. After studying, he turned to trade unionism - one of the few legal ways of protesting against the white-minority regime. He founded the National Union of Mineworkers (NUM) in 1982 which grew to have 300,000 members and led massive mine strikes in 1987 that shook the foundations of white rule. When Nelson Mandela was released in 1990 after 27 years in prison for opposing apartheid, Ramaphosa was a key part of the taskforce that led the transition to democracy. Ramaphosa rose to global prominence as the ANC's lead negotiator, with his contribution seen as one factor in the success of the talks and the resulting peaceful democratic handover. During his business career, Ramaphosa held stakes in McDonald's and Coca-Cola's local ventures and made millions in deals that required investors to partner with non-white shareholders. He became one of the richest men on the continent - reaching number 42 on the Forbes list of Africa's wealthiest people in 2015 with a net worth of $450million (£320million). Out of politics for a decade, Ramaphosa returned to the fray in 2012 when he was elected to the ANC's number two post. His popularity was badly shaken when 34 striking mine workers were killed by police at the Marikana platinum mine, operated by London-listed Lonmin, where he was then a non-executive director. Shortly before the massacre - the worst police killing since the end of apartheid - Ramaphosa had called for a crackdown on the strikers, whom he accused of 'dastardly criminal' behaviour. Scandal-tainted South African President Jacob Zuma resigned after years of corruption scandals. Here are five of his biggest scandals: RAPE CHARGES AND HIV Before taking office, Zuma was put on trial in 2006 for rape, in a case that dismayed many South Africans. Zuma said the sex with the 31-year-old family friend was consensual and he was acquitted. But he told the court he had showered to avoid contracting HIV after having unprotected sex with his HIV-positive accuser - a common but dangerous myth. Zuma was head of the South African National AIDS Council at the time, and was pilloried for his ignorance. He is still mocked in newspaper cartoons, which often depict him with a shower nozzle sprouting from his bald head. Nearly a fifth of South Africans aged between 15 and 49 are HIV-positive. NKANDLA COSTS Zuma was found by the country's graft watchdog in 2014 to have "benefited unduly" from so-called security upgrades to his rural Nkandla residence in KwaZulu-Natal province. It said he should refund some of the money. The work, paid for with taxpayers' money, cost $24million (£17.31million) and included a swimming pool, which was described as a fire-fighting facility, a chicken run, a cattle enclosure, an amphitheatre and a visitors' centre. For two years, Zuma fought the order to repay part of the money. The scandal came to dominate his presidency -- with opposition lawmakers chanting "Pay back the money!" every time he appeared in parliament. In March 2016 he was ordered by the Constitutional Court to pay back the cash and suffered a stinging rebuke from the justices who accused him of failing to respect and uphold the constitution. GUPTAGATE As the Nkandla debacle built to a climax, its place in the headlines was overtaken by a new scandal, known as Guptagate. It involved the president's allegedly corrupt relationship with the Gupta brothers, who built a business empire in mining, media, technology and engineering. Smouldering rumours of the family's undue influence on the president burst into flames in 2016 when evidence emerged they allegedly offered key government jobs to those who might help their business interests. Ousted deputy finance minister Mcebisi Jonas revealed that the Guptas had offered him a promotion shortly before Zuma sacked respected finance minister Nhlanhla Nene in December 2015. The opposition Democratic Alliance (DA) laid corruption charges against the Guptas and Zuma's son Duduzane. ARMS DEAL In October 2017, after a marathon legal campaign by the DA party, the Supreme Court of Appeal ruled that Zuma was liable for prosecution over almost 800 counts of corruption relating to a 1990s arms deal. The accusations relate to a multi-billion-dollar arms deal signed in 1999, when Zuma was deputy president. He allegedly accepted bribes from international arms manufacturers to influence the choice of weaponry. Zuma's advisor, Schabir Shaik, was jailed for 15 years in 2005. He was released on medical parole in 2009, the year Zuma became president. After he leaves office, Zuma faces the risk of jail over 18 criminal charges over the 783 payments he received. OMAR AL-BASHIR In March 2016 the South African Supreme Court of Appeal upheld a judgement that the failure by Zuma's government to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir was illegal. Despite an arrest warrant from the International Criminal Court on charges of war crimes in the conflict in Darfur, Bashir was allowed to attend a meeting of the African Union in Johannesburg in 2015. The government said the fact that he was attending the summit as a head of state meant he had immunity, but the court disagreed. Zuma escaped an impeachment attempt over the issue in parliament in September 2016, when ANC lawmakers voted overwhelmingly against it. A politically-connected business dynasty that moved to South Africa from India, the Gupta family finds itself at the centre of many of the scandals that dogged President Jacob Zuma's administration. The Guptas' prominent role in his presidency was highlighted on Wednesday as elite crime-busters raided the family's mansion in Johannesburg. WHO ARE THE GUPTAS? The family is headed by Ajay, Atul and Rajesh 'Tony' Gupta, three brothers from the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. Led by Atul, they arrived in South Africa in 1993 as white-minority apartheid rule crumbled, a year before Nelson Mandela won the country's first democratic elections. As the country opened up to foreign investment, the Guptas - previously small-scale businessmen in India - built a sprawling empire involved in computers, mining, media, technology and engineering. The New Age, an ardently pro-Zuma newspaper, was launched in 2010, and the 24-hour news channel ANN7 took to the airwaves in 2013 with a similar editorial slant. They had developed close links with the ruling African National Congress (ANC) party focusing particularly on Zuma, well before he became president in 2009. 'ZUPTA' - ZUMA'S TIES TO THE BROTHERS Zuma's son Duduzane was a director of the Gupta-owned Sahara Computers, named after their hometown of Saharanpur, and has been involved with several of the family's other companies. Zuma's third wife Bongi Ngema and one of his daughters have also been in the employ of the Guptas. Former deputy finance minister Mcebisi Jonas claimed in March 2015 that the Guptas had offered him the post of finance minister, in return for obeying the family's instructions - for which he would allegedly be paid 600 million rand ($50 million). Backbench ANC lawmaker David van Rooyen was then revealed to have visited the Guptas' home the night before his brief appointment as finance minister on December 9, 2015. Both the Guptas and Zuma, who has described the brothers as friends, deny any wrongdoing. TIED IN KNOTS Perhaps one of the most colourful Gupta-linked incidents related to a family wedding in 2013. Public anger erupted after it was revealed that a jet carrying 217 foreign guests to a Gupta wedding landed at Waterkloof Air Force base, outside Pretoria. The airport is a military facility normally used for receiving heads of state. It appeared that Zuma, who was the guest of honour, had tacitly approved the decision, which breached air force and customs and immigration rules. There were also allegations that the law was broken when the guests were given a police 'blue light' escort. WHAT ABOUT THEIR BUSINESSES The Gupta business empire has been repeatedly accused of securing deals with South Africa's giant state-owned companies on wildly favourable terms. South Africa's ethics watchdog, the Public Protector, published a damning report in October 2016, finding that the state-owned electricity monopoly had awarded a massive coal order to a then-Gupta linked business at well above market prices. The report also alleged that former mining minister Mosebenzi Zwane 'travelled to Switzerland with the Guptas to help them seal the deal' to buy a struggling coal mine. The family is mentioned 232 times in the report, entitled 'State of Capture' because of the influence that the Guptas are alleged to have exerted on some branches of the state. WHAT NOW? In recent years, major banks have withdrawn their facilities to the Gupta family, complicating the payment of salaries to staff and the day-to-day running of a complex, cash-intensive business empire. India's Bank of Baroda, thought to be the last major bank to continue its relationship with the Guptas in South Africa, recently announced it would withdraw from the country, effectively ending its association with the controversial family. They also face the prospect of a judge-led inquiry into their business dealings, as recommended by the public protector's report. One of the biggest scandals in South Africa is over a scheme that allegedly siphoned millions of dollars from a black-empowerment agriculture project. Further arrests in this case could spell the end for the family's foothold in South Africa, commentators predict. Since pressure began to mount on the Guptas, they have been reported to be moving their base to Dubai. 
964054565858566145	2018-02-15 08:31:34	https://t.co/VDcSqcHeA3	Mummified remains of Russian pensioner who died embracing home-made sex doll are found by police https://t.co/VDcSqcHeA3	 Police have found the mummified remains of a lonely pensioner who died embracing a home-made sex doll. The 66-year-old was discovered in St Petersburg after neighbours complained of a nasty smell in their apartment block. The grandfather named only Valery M. had not been seen for several months, they said. When police broke in they found the dead pensioner lying on his sofa next to his 'girlfriend'. They said his clothed body was partially mummified and that he had been dead for several months, revealed Nevsky News. Police believe he had assembled the doll from items collected from rubbish bins near his home in the Moskovsky district of the city. The head was torn from a mannequin used in a clothes shop. The body was assembled from pieces of fabric, rope and old towels. The large disproportionate bust was made of pink towelling rugs. 'His body looks more like a mummy, but the 'girlfriend' lying next to him on the sofa has remained unscathed,' said the report. In the picture a child's unclothed plastic doll is also visible. An autopsy will be carried out but police believe the man died from natural causes in the company of the self made doll. There were no signs of violence, said a spokesman. 
964053414073257985	2018-02-15 08:26:59	https://t.co/qmBsaIJ5kH	Processed foods are driving up rates of cancer https://t.co/qmBsaIJ5kH	 Eating processed food significantly raises the risk of cancer, experts warned last night. They said the disease was claiming more lives because of the popularity of ready meals, sugary cereals and fizzy drinks. The products put middle-aged women in particular danger from breast cancer, according to a study in the British Medical Journal. ‘Ultra-processed’ food – any product involving an industrial procedure – now makes up half of our diet. Packed with chemical additives, the foods bear little resemblance to home-cooked meals. And the more of them an individual eats, the higher their risk of cancer of any type. Experts believe this is because processed foods, which include packaged meat, pies, sweets and crisps, are higher in fat, salt and sugar. They also have less of the vitamins and fibre that ward off disease. The procedures used to make the food – and the chemicals and additives used to boost their flavours and shelf life – are also thought to raise the risk. The researchers said it was the first study to highlight a link between ultra-processed food and an increased overall cancer risk. Campaigners last night said families should heed the warning and read food labels more carefully to check for levels of fat, salt and sugar. The research was based on food diaries completed by 105,000 adults. It ranked the participants by how much ultra-processed food they consumed over two 24-hour periods. For those in the top quarter of the sample, 32 per cent of their diet came from ultra-processed food. They were 23 per cent more likely to develop cancer of any type over the next five years than those in the bottom quarter, whose diet was only 8 per cent ultra-processed food. Women in the top quarter were 38 per cent more likely to develop postmenopausal breast cancer. The chance of younger women getting premenopausal breast cancer increased 27 per cent, and bowel cancer risk went up 23 per cent. There was no impact on prostate cancer. Led by experts at the Sorbonne University in Paris, the researchers said Britons were probably even more at risk because they would consume more ultra-processed food than the French adults in the study. A study of 19 European countries published earlier this month found 50.7 per cent of food sold in the UK is ultra-processed, compared with 46.2 per cent in Germany, 45.9 per cent in Ireland and 14.2 per cent in France. The team assessed 3,300 different food products as part of the study and classed each by the level of processing they had been subjected to. Sugary products were the most common form of ultra-processed food, making up 26 per cent of foods in this category. Drinks made up 20 per cent and breakfast cereal 16 per cent. The researchers wrote: ‘To our knowledge, this study is the first to investigate and highlight an increase in the risk of overall – and specifically breast – cancer associated with ultra-processed food intake. ‘If confirmed in other populations and settings, these results suggest that the rapidly increasing consumption of ultra-processed foods may drive an increasing burden of cancer in the next decades.’ They found no cancer link to less processed foods – such as canned vegetables, cheeses and freshly made unpackaged bread. And people who mainly ate fresh and unprocessed foods – such as fruit, vegetables, pulses, meat and fish – had a lower cancer risk. Study leader Dr Mathilde Tourier said the poor nutritional value of ultra-processed food was probably the most important factor in cancer risk. But she added: ‘They all have food additives, they all have compounds formed during the processing and heating of the products, and they have compounds that could come from the packaging itself. ‘Most of the compounds are probably safe, but some of these substances are of concern regarding cancer risk.’ Tam Fry of the National Obesity Forum said last night: ‘There is no smoke without fire – we should heed the scientists’ fears and read food labels more carefully. Huge quantities of everyday processed food have excessive levels of sugar, fat and salt stuffed in them and it’s all listed on the packaging. ‘Don’t risk cancer by eating anything with, respectively, much more than 15g sugar, 5g saturated fat and 1.5g salt per 100g. That’s not rocket science.’ Carolyn Rogers of the Breast Cancer Care charity added: ‘Now we need to connect the dots and find out if any specific elements in these foods may increase the risk of developing cancer. 'We know maintaining a healthy weight, through a balanced diet and exercise, is one of the best things you can do for your health. However, lifestyle is one part of a bigger, more complex picture.’ A spokesman for the Food and Drink Federation said: ‘Processed food should not be demonised – by working closely with our partners throughout the food supply chain, we can use processing positively to ensure all sectors of society have access to safe, affordable food. ‘We believe a whole diet and lifestyle approach, which includes consideration of net calorie intake, and not just the role of individual nutrients or ingredients, is the correct way to tackle such issues.’ Dr Alison Tedstone, chief nutritionist at Public Health England, said: ‘A diet high in processed foods is often high in calories, salt, saturated fat and sugar and low in fibre – this increases the risk of some cancers, as does being overweight or obese. ‘Our reduction programmes are making healthier choices easier by reducing the calories, salt and sugar in these types of foods. We’re also helping people to choose healthier options through our Change4Life and OneYou campaigns.’
964048911328563200	2018-02-15 08:09:06	https://t.co/8qpuCu8pXN	How your hormones could be ruining your figure... and the simple tricks to shift the weight https://t.co/8qpuCu8pXN	 Do you have a body bugbear — an area with which you’re never happy, no matter how toned you are otherwise? Well, experts say there may be a scientific reason behind it — be it a muffin top, chunky ankles, or bingo wings. For research shows excess weight may gather in certain areas, regardless of how much you diet or exercise, as a result of hormone imbalances. ‘Our metabolism is complex. There are lots of reasons people are different shapes, but hormones are key,’ explains Saffron Whitehead, a professor of physiology at St George’s Hospital in London. ‘Lifestyle, diet and genetics play a part,’ adds Max Tomlinson, a nutritionist and the author of Target Your Fat Spots. ‘The good news is, there’s lots you can do to redress the balance by changing hormone levels.’ Here, experts reveal the surprising causes of carrying a bit extra — and how to lose it. JELLY BELLY THE CULPRIT: Cortisol Our bodies evolved to react to danger by producing the stress hormone cortisol, to trigger the release of energy for the ‘fight or flight’ response. ‘We are constantly under stress,’ says Dr Marilyn Glenville, a nutritionist specialising in women’s health. ‘Our excess cortisol sparks the release of energy in the form of fat and glucose. ‘This is redeposited as fat round your middle, near the liver. We think this is so it can quickly change back into energy if needed.’ WHAT CAN YOU DO? ‘Reduce stress — for example, with meditation or by listening to relaxing music,’ says Dr Glenville. ‘Eat little and often to keep blood sugar levels stable, as fluctuations can trigger cortisol release.’ Eat foods with a low glycemic load, such as apples, wholegrain bread or cashews, which slowly release energy. And avoid running for 45 minutes or more — this can, in fact,trigger cortisol production. BIG BOTTOM AND CHUNKY THIGHS THE CULPRIT: Oestrogen Too much oestrogen can cause fat to build in the bottom and thighs. Those fat cells manufacture more oestrogen, and, in turn, more fat is stored. Drinking too much alcohol means the liver can’t clear oestrogen from the blood. WHAT CAN YOU DO? Soya supplements may reduce oestrogen production, as they mimic oestrogen, stopping the real thing binding with cells. But ‘as we know so little about this’, Professor Whitehead warns against taking large amounts. ‘Nutrients in cruciferous veg such as broccoli regulate liver enzymes,’ says Dr Glenville. Limit processed meat and coffee, too, as these stress the liver. CANKLES AND CALVES THE CULPRIT: Progesterone Dr Glenville says fat ankles are often the result of fluid retention, which can be caused by a lack of progesterone. Progesterone acts as a diuretic, flushing excess liquid from the body. Bulging calves may be made worse by low levels of human growth hormone, which seems to prompt fat storage in the legs. WHAT CAN YOU DO? Nutrionist Max Tomlinson says: ‘Foods rich in vitamin E may boost progesterone. These include sunflower seeds and peanut butter.’ Also reduce your intake of sodium, as this is key in regulating blood pressure and fluid levels, which can help with water retention in the legs and ankles. Avoid processed food such as ready meals. And to boost human growth hormone, get plenty of sleep — HGH is only released at night in adults. CHUBBY FACE THE CULPRIT: Thyroxine A chubby face, as well as a flabby neck, could be down to too little thyroxine, a hormone produced by the thyroid gland. An underactive thyroid slows the metabolism, which may cause bloating. ‘Another symptom is a swollen neck, called goitre, where the thyroid gland becomes a visible bump,’ says Professor Whitehead. WHAT CAN YOU DO? Max Tomlinson suggests taking a supplement with selenium, which helps your body use thyroxine more efficiently. ‘People who get neck fat often work at a desk,’ says Max. ‘Use ergonomics to make sure you sit upright, and take breaks.’ If you suspect you have low thyroxine, see a GP. If diagnosed with hypothyroidism, you can get drugs to replace the hormone. BINGO WINGS CULPRIT: Testosterone ‘We produce a hormone called DHEA (dehydroepiandrosterone), which is converted into testosterone — DHEA helps build lean muscle mass,’ says Professor Whitehead. ‘When testosterone levels drop too low, muscle mass can be replaced with fat.’ This is most noticeable on the upper arms, which have large muscles. WHAT CAN YOU DO? Women's testosterone levels drop with age, peaking in their 20s, then halving by menopause, but certain foods do help. ‘Consume more protein, such as fish, eggs, tofu and nuts,’ says Dr Glenville. Zinc, magnesium and vitamin B6 also promote testosterone production. Meanwhile, research shows regular sex with your partner helps to keep testosterone levels up. BEASTLY BACK FAT THE CULPRIT: Human growth hormone The rolls that hang over the back of your bra could be because of low levels of human growth hormone (HGH). During the night, women’s pituitary glands release human growth hormone, which stimulates fat cells to release energy to repair the body’s tissues. Too little HGH and fat cells don’t receive the message to convert fat into energy. Studies show adults who lack HGH often have a high level of body fat around the trunk, especially the back. WHAT CAN YOU DO? Research published in the journal ClinicalEndocrinology suggests melatonin-rich foods, such as raspberries, can increase HGH secretion by up to 157 per cent. Melatonin triggers the release of hormones that tell your body it’s time for sleep. Another study found foods high in the amino acid glutamine, such as yoghurt, can raise HGH production.
964043883779969024	2018-02-15 07:49:07	https://t.co/BsdXRyZbIS	Layers of slime lining the sea floor could trigger mega-tsunamis https://t.co/BsdXRyZbIS	 Slimy remains from microscopic organisms on the sea floor can trigger catastrophic tsunamis, researchers have found. Scientists have finally learned of a potential cause for submarine landslides, according to a new report from the Helmholtz Centre for Ocean Research Kiel. The cause for the landslides - that are often much more destructive than those on the shore - was previously a mystery. But researchers combined seismic data with sea floor samples collected by the Ocean Drilling Program to deduce that a slime left behind by microalgae might be causing the potentially disastrous shifts in the earth's crust. Scroll down for video The report, published in research journal Geology, explained how landslides in the ocean are of a different scale than those on land. It said: 'When the seabed loses its stability and starts to move, it often happens in much larger dimensions than landslides ashore - and at slopes with very low gradients.' Study author Dr Morelia Urlaub explained: 'Submarine landslides happen on very shallow slopes, often with gradients as low as one or one-and-a-half degrees.' But much damage can be done even when a landslide occurs on a fairly flat surface, the report explained. 'Displacement of large amounts of sediment under water can cause devastating tsunamis.' Before now scientists knew very little about why submarine landslides occurred, but the new research marks a step toward figuring out what causes them. The ability to predict these landslides, which could stem from the new report, has the potential to help map out the safety risks of offshore endeavors. The report said: 'Searching for the causes of such landslides is much more difficult underwater than on land due to their inaccessibility.' Additionally, the report clarified that researchers still do not fully know why the landslides happen. It stated: 'Why and when submarine landslides develop is hardly understood. But, it said, 'the outcome of this study may help to identify areas which are prone to landslides.' The team from the Helmholtz Centre referenced two submarine landslides in the new report. One took place 8,150 years ago and displaced an area of the sea floor that is larger than Scotland. It resulted in a tsunami that was up to 65.6 feet tall, which hit Norway and the Shetland Islands particularly hard. It is referred to as the Storegga landslide, and the researchers said it could have taken place up to 6,561 feet below sea level. 'The Storegga landslide affected an area larger than Scotland, and the material today covers hundreds of kilometers on the seabed,' the report said. But the data analyzed for the new study was based on a submarine landslide that took place off the coast of Mauritania in Northwest Africa. '[The researchers] combined results from drilling with seismic data and were able to show that a certain stratification of the seafloor was responsible for at least one slide in this region,' the report said. The slope of the area affected by the Storegga landslide was just 1.6 degrees, but the landslide off the Mauritanian coast had a slope that was, at most, 2.8 degrees. The report explained the logistics of a submarine landslide. It said: 'When a layer gives way, all overlying layers move down the slope. 'It is difficult to determine the composition of this particular layer because it is destroyed with the landslide.' A tsunami, sometimes called a tidal wave or a seismic sea wave, is a series of giant waves that are created by a disturbance in the ocean. The disturbance could be a landslide, a volcanic eruption, an earthquake or a meteorite; the culprit is most often an earthquake. If the landslide or earthquake triggering the tsunami occurs nearby the shore, inhabitants could see its effects almost immediately. The first wave of the tsunami can arrive within minutes, before a government or other institution has time to issue a warning. Areas that are closer to sea level have a higher risk of being affected by the waves. Those less than 25 feet from sea level are the most dangerous. The cause of death most frequently associated with tsunamis is drowning. Additional hazards include drinking water contamination, fires and flooding. Initial tsunami warnings are usually based on seismic information only. Inhabitants of coastal areas that might be exposed to a tsunami are encouraged to follow evacuation routes in the event that they receive a tsunami warning. They should seek higher ground or move inland immediately to get away from the ocean. This conundrum has kept researchers from understanding the causes of underwater landslides until now. But Dr Urlaub's team was able to develop research based on sea floor samples and seismic data to come up with the new theory. In the case of the landslide near Northwest Africa, portions of the slope involved in the shift were still intact. This allowed Dr Urlaub to analyze the exact composition of the sediment at the scene. 'We were able to use these old 1980s cores to look for the weak point in the slope,' she explained. 'The combination of this drilling and seismic data showed that the slope was slipping just where a clay layer overlies ooze made up of the remains of fossil planktonic organisms,' the report said. The ooze the researchers analyzed mainly consisted of diatoms, microalgae that are some of the most common categories of phytoplankton. The scientists ultimately learned that the ooze allowed for the eventual collapse of the sea floor. It explained: 'These phytoplankton organisms form shells out of silica. In some phases of the earth's history, large amounts of diatoms form, the shells of which, after dying, sink to the bottom of the sea and form thick layers. 'Since diatomaceous oozes appear to be a common feature off the Northwest African coast as observed in seismic data, the authors assume that this phenomenon is also the reason for other mega-slides in the region.' The research is the first of its kind to suggest ooze as a possible answer to the cause of oceanic landslides.
964037221866196993	2018-02-15 07:22:39	https://t.co/DbfLBGEyRY	Huge sinkhole swallows cars and forces families to flee homes in Rome https://t.co/DbfLBGEyRY https://t.co/ZQmI3HJvv6	 A huge 30ft sinkhole swallowed six cars and saw 20 families flee their homes in a residential area of Rome today. The gigantic ground collapse happened at around 5.30pm in the Italian capital's Baldunia neighbourhood, between via Livio Andronico and via Lattanzio. Dramatic images show the extent of the road damage after the surface spontaneously crumbled. Two fire squads were scrambled to the scene in the north west of Rome, ordering the evacuation of around 20 households as a precautionary measure. No one was injured and the families will be put up in hotels if they can not get back in tonight, Mayor Virginia Raggi told Roma Today. Workers carried out repairs in the area between January 25 and 28 after a large water spill. The area is also being developed for new housing. It is not known exactly why the collapse happened. 
964019183821475840	2018-02-15 06:10:58	https://t.co/JEkpm3KkIx	Hubble captures stunning head-on photo of spiral galaxy https://t.co/JEkpm3KkIx	 The Hubble Space Telescope has captured a breathtaking image of a spiral galaxy that is about 20 million light years away. The galaxy, called NGC 3344 and located in the constellation of Leo Minor, can be seen head-on in the incredible photo. NGC 3344 is only half the size of the Milky Way, but it stands out because of its striking beauty, according to a statement released by the Hubble Space Telescope today. 'Beauty, grace, mystery - this magnificent spiral galaxy has all the qualities of a perfect galactic Valentine,' the statement read. It continued: 'Captured by the NASA/ESA Hubble Space Telescope, the galaxy NGC 3344 presents itself face-on, allowing astronomers a detailed look at its intricate and elegant structure.' The stunning image was made possible by a combination of Hubble's capabilities and the galaxy's positioning, the statement explained. 'Hubble's ability to observe objects over a wide range of different wavelengths reveals features that would otherwise remain invisible,' the statement explained. The statement also said that spiral galaxies such as NGC 3344 can be seen from a number of angles, all of which reveal different details about them to scientists. 'Some are seen edge-on, giving astronomers an excellent idea of the galaxy's vertical structure; others are seen at an angle, providing a hint of the size and structure of the spiral arms; while others are seen face-on, showcasing their arms and bright core in all their beauty.' The new image shows the NGC 3344 galaxy, which is categorized as weakly barred, head-on. The image shows the central bar in the galaxy, though it is faint. It is the 'elongated lane of stars trailing through the nucleus of the galaxy'. Astronomers believe two-thirds of spiral galaxies are barred like the one featured in the photo, including the Milky Way. The new picture is actually the combined images of a number of photos taken by the Hubble. 'Hubble's capacity to observe celestial objects in different wavelengths allows us to see more than just the spiral arms sweeping out loosely around the center in a gorgeous whorl. 'This image is a composite of images taken through different filters, ranging from the near ultraviolet, to the optical and the near-infrared. Together, they show a more complete picture of the galaxy,' the statement explained. The detailed image released today would not be possible to take in with the human eye alone. The galaxy's spiral arms shown in the photo are the regions where new stars are born. These stars' high temperatures allow them to to shine blue, which is why they are easily identifiable in the picture. The Hubble Space Telescope was launched jointly by NASA and the European Space Agency. The Hubble is a space-based and long-term observatory. The Hubble observes ultraviolet wavelengths, which the atmosphere filters out, and it collects visible light. 'The Hubble Space Telescope has made some of the most dramatic discoveries in the history of astronomy,' a statement on the Telescope says. The machinery sits more than 370 miles above earth. It can pick up on light via its 'eyes', which are five times more focused than ground-based telescopes. The Hubble focuses on areas in deep outer space 'where some of the most profound mysteries are still buried in the mists of time'. Additionally, dust and gas clouds located in the spiral arms can be seen glowing red in the photo. Materials for more stars exist in these clouds. But the stars that can be seen on the left side of the picture are closer to earth. The statement says these 'bright, jewel-like stars...belong to our own galaxy and just happened to photobomb this Hubble image'. Even though the picture reveals much detail about NGC 3344, the statement says that scientists do not have a great understanding of the galaxy's features. Astronomers do not understand the paths of some of the galaxy's outer stars. Sometimes a high concentration of a galaxy's stars in its center can influence outer stars' movements, but scientists do not think this is what has happened in NGC 3344. Instead, astronomers think these 'weirdly behaving outer stars' could have originally belonged to another galaxy and then been 'stolen' by NGC 3344. They are also perplexed by NGC 3344's positioning. The statement noted that the galaxy is part of a group that leads off the Virgo Supercluster, which it describes as 'a gargantuan collection of several thousand galaxies'. '[NGC 3344] stands out from these thousands of galaxies because of its beauty, which highlights to us the elegance of the Universe,' the statement ends.
964004154497695744	2018-02-15 05:11:15	https://t.co/fe1Md5tGgB	Single fathers have higher risk of early death than mothers according to study https://t.co/fe1Md5tGgB	 Single fathers are more likely to die young than single mothers or couples with children, according to a new study. Researchers tracked more than 40,000 parents in Canada for 11 years for the study published in The Lancet Public Health journal. They found men who raise children alone are twice as likely to die early than other parents. The most likely explanation, they said, was that solitary men were more likely to lead unhealthier lifestyles. Single-parent families are becoming increasingly common due to growing rates of divorce, separations, and couples having children outside of marriage. Estimates from 2016 suggest that 10 percent of the three million single-parent families in Britain were headed by single fathers. But previous research on single parents has largely focused on mothers, and no study to date has compared single fathers and mothers. One similar study in Sweden, which only compared single and partnered fathers, found that single dads had a 30 percent greater risk of dying than partnered fathers. Lead author of the Canadian study Dr Maria Chiu, of the Institute for Clinical Evaluative Sciences and the University of Toronto, said: 'Our research highlights that single fathers have higher mortality, and demonstrates a need for public health policies to help identify and support these men. 'While our study does not identify the exact cause of this, we did find that single fathers also tend to have unhealthier lifestyles, which could be an important area to address to improve health in this high-risk group.' For the study, single parents included people who were living at home with one or more biological or adopted children under the age of 25, and who were divorced, separated, widowed, single, never married, and not living with a partner. The participants completed questionnaires to give details of their lifestyle and socio-demographic status, including their fruit and vegetable intake, physical activity, and binge drinking. That was linked to their administrative health records to identify medical conditions, how often they used health services, whether they died, and cause of death. After an average of 11 years follow-up, 693 people had died. Single fathers were more likely to die over the period (5.8 deaths per 1,000 person years), compared to partnered fathers (1.9 deaths per 1,000 person years) and single mums (1.7 deaths per 1,000 person year). Partnered mothers were least likely to die over the follow-up period (1.2 deaths per 1,000 person years). At the outset, single fathers were older, had a higher prevalence of cancer than single mothers and partnered parents, and were more likely to have cardiovascular disease than single and partnered mothers. Single fathers were also more likely than partnered fathers to have had an emergency medical visit or hospital admission in the past year. While the leading cause of death for single fathers remained unclear, the findings showed that they ate fewer fruit and vegetables, and were more likely to binge drink than single mums and partnered parents. The researchers note that social differences could also play a role in the increased risk for single fathers, potentially leading to increased stress and fewer coping mechanisms. Single fathers were more likely to be separated, divorced, or widowed than single mothers. After adjusting the findings to consider differences in age, lifestyle, health and socio-demographic characteristics, single fathers' mortality risk over the 11 years of the study was more than two times higher than other parents'. Dr Chiu added: 'Doctors' appointments could be an opportunity for doctors to engage with single fathers to help them to improve their health. 'Research has shown that these conversations can help to motivate patients to adhere to treatment plans, make better decisions about their health, and influence their behaviour and recovery. 'Where possible, investing time in this way could be beneficial to help improve the health of this high-risk group.' Dr Rachel Simpson, of Oxford University, said of the findings: 'It is important to note the positive effects of having children in the household. 'In the study conducted in Sweden, mortality was found to be highest not in single fathers, but in fathers who were not living with their children and in childless men living alone. 'These comparisons were not made by Dr Chiu and colleagues, nevertheless, their results show that single fathers might be a particularly vulnerable group.'
963991293222445056	2018-02-15 04:20:09	https://t.co/QVR1LfmFo1	Hungary's Government launches bid to ban pro-migration groups https://t.co/QVR1LfmFo1	 Hungary's nationalist government introduced legislation that would empower the interior minister to ban non-governmental organisations that support migration and pose a 'national security risk'. The bill, submitted to parliament late on Tuesday, is a key part of Prime Minister Viktor Orban's anti-immigration campaign targeting US billionaire George Soros, whose philanthropy aims to bolster liberal and open-border values in eastern Europe. The government says the bill, which would also impose a 25 percent tax on foreign donations to NGOs that back migration in Hungary, is meant to deter illegal immigration that Orban says is eroding European stability and has been stoked in part by Soros. It comes after Soros came under fire in the UK for funding efforts to stop Britain's departure from the European Union. Soros said Britain had enjoyed 'the best of all possible worlds' as an EU member and called Brexit a 'lose-lose proposition'. But he was criticised for his intervention by Leave supporters such as Tory MP Henry Smith who said Soros was 'no friend of Britain's'. Hungary and Poland are both under nationalist governments that have clashed with the European Union leadership in Brussels over their perceived authoritarian drift deviating from EU standards on democracy and rule of law. But Orban's message, championing conservative Christian beliefs and rejecting multiculturalism, has gone down well with Hungarian voters and his Fidesz party is expected to secure a third straight term in a general election due on April 8. The bill says that NGOs that 'sponsor, organise or support the entry or stay of third-country citizens on Hungarian territory via a safe third country to extend international protection ... qualify as organisations supporting migration'. Such activity - including campaigning, advocacy, recruiting volunteers, producing information booklets - would have to be approved by the interior minister, who could deny permission if he saw a 'national security risk'. If an NGO continued with such activity, Hungarian prosecutors could act to withdraw the NGO's tax number, essentially paralysing them, slap them with heavy fines and ultimately dissolve them. Organisations that support migration will have to pay tax on the foreign funding or assets they receive, the bill says, with a possible exemption on funding that serves humanitarian goals. Activists who organise or support migration could also face restraining orders preventing them from approaching the EU's external borders in Hungary. Orban has been embroiled in an escalating 'Stop Soros' feud with the 87-year-old Hungarian-born Jew, waging a billboard and media campaign asserting that he would 'settle millions from Africa and the Middle East'. Soros has rejected the campaign against him as 'distortions and lies' meant to create a false external enemy. Pro-government media reported earlier that the new legislation could lead to a ban on Soros, who has U.S. and Hungarian citizenship, entering the country. The Hungarian Helsinki Committee, an NGO that has been providing support for the legal and human rights of various groups including asylum seekers and prisoners since 1994, said the bill was unacceptable and served political goals. '(Its goal) is to stigmatise certain civil organisations that the government does not like... and to distance them from society, and in the end make their operation impossible,' the committee, which receives a major chunk of its funding from Soros, said in a statement. Poland, Hungary and other ex-communist eastern member states of the EU have all pushed a strong anti-immigrant stance, even though the number of asylum seekers who want to stay in these countries are very few compared to western European countries. Last year, the Orban government introduced a measure requiring NGOs that get money from abroad to register with the state, raising alarm in the EU and United States. The European Commission said last year it was taking Budapest to the EU's top court over its NGO laws as well as a higher education law that targets the Central European University in Budapest founded by Soros.
963974295964790785	2018-02-15 03:12:36	https://t.co/HJAmHqyiXY	Study reveals ovarian cancer actually begins in the fallopian tubes https://t.co/HJAmHqyiXY	 Ovarian cancer doesn’t begin in the ovaries, a growing body of research has revealed. Two recent studies have confirmed previous claims that the deadly disease actually starts in the fallopian tubes. The discovery simultaneously gives researchers hope for developing better detection and prevention methods and highlights the alarming reality that very little is known about the disease. Ovarian cancer has been called a 'silent killer' because there is no effective way to screen for it and it is generally diagnosed in the late stages. Earlier this week a leading US task force declared that women should not be screened for the disease because it could lead to too many false positives. Experts reacted to the panel's announcement saying that something should be done to increase the validity of screenings. Ovarian cancer is the fifth-leading cause of death among women with cancer, killing 14,000 women in the US each year. Two studies identifying the fallopian tube as the source of the cancer were six days apart in October, shedding some light on the disease that doctors know very little about compared to other cancers. Both studies looked at high-grade serous ovarian carcinoma (HGSOC) is the most frequent type of ovarian cancer with only 15 percent of those diagnosed surviving beyond five years. They also both concluded that the majority of ovarian cancer cases start in the fallopian tubes. Ron Drapkin, an associate professor of pathology in obstetrics and gynecology at the University of Pennsylvania, has been studying ovarian cancer for nearly two decades. ‘It’s been about 10 years since the first research came out about ovarian cancer starting in the fallopian tube,’ he told Daily Mail Online. He said these two studies were ‘the last nails in the coffin.’ ‘Before 2006 or 2007 no one had thoroughly looked in the fallopian tubes, so researchers kind of just stumbled upon all of the precursors to ovarian cancer,’ he said. ‘Since then we’ve been trying to understand what makes the fallopian tubes susceptible to the cancer.’ Dr Drapkin was one of the lead researchers of one of the studies published in the fall that looked at the fallopian tube from a genomic perspective. About 80 percent of ovarian cancer cases are diagnosed in the advanced stages of the disease. ‘It’s diagnosed so late because of where it’s located, in the pelvis,’ Dr Drapkin said. 'The pelvis is like a bowl, so a tumor there can grow quite large before it actually becomes noticeable.' The first symptoms to arise with ovarian cancer are gastrointestinal because tumors can start to press upward. When a patient complains of gastrointestinal discomfort, doctors are more likely to focus on diet change and other causes than suggest an ovarian cancer screening. Dr Drapkin said it’s usually not until after a patient endures persistent gastrointestinal symptoms that they will receive a screening that reveals the cancer. ‘Ovarian cancer is often said to be a silent killer because it doesn’t have early symptoms, when in fact it does have symptoms, they’re just very general and could be caused by other things,’ he said. ‘One of the things I tell women is that nobody knows your body as well as you do. If you feel something isn’t right, something’s probably not right.’ The study looked at the relationships between tumors in five patients, isolating early precursor lesions in 37 samples. They used genetic profiling techniques to look for changes in the genetic material and patterns between the samples and patients. ‘We already basically knew that ovarian cancer began in the fallopian tube, but this study gave us the genomic evidence to support that idea,' Dr Drapkin said. There is a chance that a small number of cases start in somewhere other than the fallopian tube, but there has been no concrete evidence as to where that may be, according to Dr Drapkin. The other study by researchers at the Perlmutter Cancer Center at NYU Langone Health in New York City looked at ovarian cancer tumor tissue samples from 96 women and compared them to samples from a group of healthy women. The study concluded that the cancerous cells were most similar to fallopian tissue. Ovarian cancer is often called a cousin to breast cancer because they are both linked to a BRCA gene mutation, but Dr Drapkin said that up until around 2010 very little was known about the former compared with the latter. He remembers talking to a senior research about this early in his career and says the explanation was that ovarian cancer was a ‘black box’ with very few tools for detection and very little money in it. One of the main reasons that ovarian cancer is difficult to study is that the tissue samples studied are thin and viewed two-dimensionally so it’s easy to miss potential signs. ‘Research has shown that the more cross-sections you can get, the more information you can find in the tissue,’ Dr Drapkin said. Another key reason is that a vast majority of cases are diagnosed in the advanced stages when the tumor has already destroyed any precursors. Going forward, Dr Drapkin says that the most valuable research will deal with prevention and early detection, both of which can benefit from the findings of the study. ‘There are two new early detection methods in the works right now that are heavily based on our findings,’ he said. One is a scope that travels up into the fallopian tubes to collect cells for testing. Another is a test similar to a pap smear that could take cells from the uterus and detect changes coming down from the fallopian tubes. ‘This method is based on the menstrual cycle and the idea that everything flows through the same path, so by testing downstream from the fallopian tubes we could detect potential signs.’ The findings are also being applied to prevention, specifically in women who have the BRCA1 or BRCA2 gene mutation associated with breast and ovarian cancer. Women with BRCA mutations are given the option to remove their ovaries in order to prevent developing cancer. Knowing that the cancer begins in the fallopian tube means that the tubes could be removed as well. Dr Drapkin said that 30 percent of women with BRCA mutations choose not to have their ovaries removed in part because it brings on menopause much earlier than normal. There are studies in the works to see if removing the fallopian tubes at a younger age and saving the ovary removal until closer to the natural time of menopause would still be effective for prevention. With regard to treatment, all cases of ovarian cancer are currently treated with the same chemotherapy. In most cases, there are good results early on, but the cancer usually recurs and becomes resistant to the chemo. Applying the genomic research from the study could allow for more individualized and effective treatments. Dr Drapkin said that it will be several years before significant changes are seen in the field of ovarian cancer, but that these recent studies are a big first step in a field that had very little research just a decade ago. 
963967365787643904	2018-02-15 02:45:04	https://t.co/wIaueGRy6b	Layers of slime lining the sea floor could trigger mega-tsunamis https://t.co/wIaueGRy6b	 Slimy remains from microscopic organisms on the sea floor can trigger catastrophic tsunamis, researchers have found. Scientists have finally learned of a potential cause for submarine landslides, according to a new report from the Helmholtz Centre for Ocean Research Kiel. The cause for the landslides - that are often much more destructive than those on the shore - was previously a mystery. But researchers combined seismic data with sea floor samples collected by the Ocean Drilling Program to deduce that a slime left behind by microalgae might be causing the potentially disastrous shifts in the earth's crust. Scroll down for video The report, published in research journal Geology, explained how landslides in the ocean are of a different scale than those on land. It said: 'When the seabed loses its stability and starts to move, it often happens in much larger dimensions than landslides ashore - and at slopes with very low gradients.' Study author Dr Morelia Urlaub explained: 'Submarine landslides happen on very shallow slopes, often with gradients as low as one or one-and-a-half degrees.' But much damage can be done even when a landslide occurs on a fairly flat surface, the report explained. 'Displacement of large amounts of sediment under water can cause devastating tsunamis.' Before now scientists knew very little about why submarine landslides occurred, but the new research marks a step toward figuring out what causes them. The ability to predict these landslides, which could stem from the new report, has the potential to help map out the safety risks of offshore endeavors. The report said: 'Searching for the causes of such landslides is much more difficult underwater than on land due to their inaccessibility.' Additionally, the report clarified that researchers still do not fully know why the landslides happen. It stated: 'Why and when submarine landslides develop is hardly understood. But, it said, 'the outcome of this study may help to identify areas which are prone to landslides.' The team from the Helmholtz Centre referenced two submarine landslides in the new report. One took place 8,150 years ago and displaced an area of the sea floor that is larger than Scotland. It resulted in a tsunami that was up to 65.6 feet tall, which hit Norway and the Shetland Islands particularly hard. It is referred to as the Storegga landslide, and the researchers said it could have taken place up to 6,561 feet below sea level. 'The Storegga landslide affected an area larger than Scotland, and the material today covers hundreds of kilometers on the seabed,' the report said. But the data analyzed for the new study was based on a submarine landslide that took place off the coast of Mauritania in Northwest Africa. '[The researchers] combined results from drilling with seismic data and were able to show that a certain stratification of the seafloor was responsible for at least one slide in this region,' the report said. The slope of the area affected by the Storegga landslide was just 1.6 degrees, but the landslide off the Mauritanian coast had a slope that was, at most, 2.8 degrees. The report explained the logistics of a submarine landslide. It said: 'When a layer gives way, all overlying layers move down the slope. 'It is difficult to determine the composition of this particular layer because it is destroyed with the landslide.' A tsunami, sometimes called a tidal wave or a seismic sea wave, is a series of giant waves that are created by a disturbance in the ocean. The disturbance could be a landslide, a volcanic eruption, an earthquake or a meteorite; the culprit is most often an earthquake. If the landslide or earthquake triggering the tsunami occurs nearby the shore, inhabitants could see its effects almost immediately. The first wave of the tsunami can arrive within minutes, before a government or other institution has time to issue a warning. Areas that are closer to sea level have a higher risk of being affected by the waves. Those less than 25 feet from sea level are the most dangerous. The cause of death most frequently associated with tsunamis is drowning. Additional hazards include drinking water contamination, fires and flooding. Initial tsunami warnings are usually based on seismic information only. Inhabitants of coastal areas that might be exposed to a tsunami are encouraged to follow evacuation routes in the event that they receive a tsunami warning. They should seek higher ground or move inland immediately to get away from the ocean. This conundrum has kept researchers from understanding the causes of underwater landslides until now. But Dr Urlaub's team was able to develop research based on sea floor samples and seismic data to come up with the new theory. In the case of the landslide near Northwest Africa, portions of the slope involved in the shift were still intact. This allowed Dr Urlaub to analyze the exact composition of the sediment at the scene. 'We were able to use these old 1980s cores to look for the weak point in the slope,' she explained. 'The combination of this drilling and seismic data showed that the slope was slipping just where a clay layer overlies ooze made up of the remains of fossil planktonic organisms,' the report said. The ooze the researchers analyzed mainly consisted of diatoms, microalgae that are some of the most common categories of phytoplankton. The scientists ultimately learned that the ooze allowed for the eventual collapse of the sea floor. It explained: 'These phytoplankton organisms form shells out of silica. In some phases of the earth's history, large amounts of diatoms form, the shells of which, after dying, sink to the bottom of the sea and form thick layers. 'Since diatomaceous oozes appear to be a common feature off the Northwest African coast as observed in seismic data, the authors assume that this phenomenon is also the reason for other mega-slides in the region.' The research is the first of its kind to suggest ooze as a possible answer to the cause of oceanic landslides.
963949088541741056	2018-02-15 01:32:26	https://t.co/LGhm7ibxzp	Ukrainian gym fanatic who sold diet pills to woman online before she overdosed says he is 'not sorry' for her death https://t.co/LGhm7ibxzp	 Bethany Shipsey bought the drugs which killed her from a Ukrainian computer expert and gym fanatic who took advantage of a loophole in the law to sell the deadly pills. The 21-year-old bought the banned drugs, linked to at least eight deaths in Britain alone, quickly and easily on the internet from Andrey Shepelev, an investigation has found. The tablets were then posted to her family home in Worcestershire in a DVD case to avoid detection. Scroll down for video A year on from her death, the website she used is still running despite an investigation by the Food Standard Agency’s (FSA) national food crime unit – which is powerless to act outside the UK. The Daily Mail also found a number of other sites, including some with pages on Facebook, offering to sell the industrial chemical 2,4-Dinitrophenol, known as DNP, in pill form. It is not illegal to sell DNP, which was designed to be a pesticide and a chemical dye, but it is banned for human consumption. Despite this, it is still marketed online as a super-strength ‘fat burner’. Videos on YouTube and adverts on Facebook promote it as a weight loss aid, with bodybuilders telling how they shed huge amounts in a short time. It works by accelerating the metabolism but can lead to dehydration, vomiting, restlessness, excessive sweating, rapid or irregular heartbeat, and death. Long-term use may cause damage to the heart and nervous system. Beth’s parents have called for more to be done to tackle the online trade in DNP, which is also known as Solfo Black, Nitrophen, Aldifen, Chemox and Yellow Magic. They warned parents to be on the lookout for the ‘lethal’ substance, which has no antidote. On Wednesday the coroner called for the sale and purchase of it to be banned outright. Investigations by the Mail and Bethany’s family found the website she used was linked to Mr Shepelev, 29, from Ukraine. He admitted selling the drugs to Bethany when confronted by the Mail outside a gym in the city of Volochysk. He expressed regret and said he no longer shipped to the UK but continues to send batches of the drug to other countries. Mr Shepelev has been spoken to by police in Ukraine but has not been prosecuted. The case highlights the difficulty in stopping the supply of the drug to the UK as the majority of websites are based abroad. Mr Shepelev’s website claims to sell ‘high quality research chemicals for private scientific purposes’. A disclaimer adds it is ‘not for human consumption’ but goes on to tell of its ‘incredible fat loss capabilities’. He initially denied sending the pills to Bethany, but later admitted: ‘Yes, I sent it on the 5th of Jan 2017. I have now found it, to my regret.’ The pills were sent from a post office in Volochysk after Bethany transferred £156.55 by Pay Pal. Mr Shepelev said he started selling the pills after losing a large amount of weight himself. He buys them cheaply in Ukraine and sells them on at double the price. ‘For some reason, DNP is very famous in the UK and there are many people who sell it to the UK,’ he said. He added: ‘Losing a child is the most horrible thing that can happen to parents. But I want to tell her parents that I’m sure it was not me who caused her death. ‘I won’t say I’m sorry, because if I say I’m sorry it wouldn’t mean anything. It’s just what people always say. I am actually very saddened by the fact that Bethany passed away. It’s a huge tragedy.’ He said he had been visited by police and was now banned from selling anything to the UK but still had requests to send it here. He admitted DNP was dangerous but said he was not responsible for people taking it. ‘You buy them and it’s your own responsibility,’ he said. ‘I was just sending them what they wanted. I buy them legally, they are not forbidden.’ The FSA crime unit said it had passed intelligence to the National Police of Ukraine who are investigating. A spokesman said: ‘Responsibility for subsequent enforcement action rests with the Ukrainian authorities.’ The Ukrainian police declined to comment. DNP is sold as a weight loss aid, but has been described as 'extremely dangerous to human health' by doctors. It is sold mostly over the internet under a number of different names but contains 2, 4-Dinitrophenol. It is marketed mainly to bodybuilders as a weight loss aid as it is thought to dramatically boost metabolism. The manufactured drug is yellow and odourless and was previously used as a herbicide and fungicide. It was launched as a slimming aid in the US in the 1930s but then banned in 1938, due to the severe side-effects. Depending on the amount consumed, signs of acute poisoning could include nausea, vomiting, restlessness, flushed skin, sweating, dizziness, headaches, rapid respiration and irregular heart-beat, possibly leading to coma and death.
963929664417947648	2018-02-15 00:15:15	https://t.co/EVL7Uj1ylu	Huge sinkhole swallows cars and forces families to flee homes in Rome https://t.co/EVL7Uj1ylu https://t.co/aOzZlYMYz5	 A huge 30ft sinkhole swallowed six cars and saw 20 families flee their homes in a residential area of Rome today. The gigantic ground collapse happened at around 5.30pm in the Italian capital's Baldunia neighbourhood, between via Livio Andronico and via Lattanzio. Dramatic images show the extent of the road damage after the surface spontaneously crumbled. Two fire squads were scrambled to the scene in the north west of Rome, ordering the evacuation of around 20 households as a precautionary measure. No one was injured and the families will be put up in hotels if they can not get back in tonight, Mayor Virginia Raggi told Roma Today. Workers carried out repairs in the area between January 25 and 28 after a large water spill. The area is also being developed for new housing. It is not known exactly why the collapse happened. 
963920575017242624	2018-02-14 23:39:08	https://t.co/hoSEPSr3i7	Online gallery captures some of the world's WORST Valentine's Day gestures https://t.co/hoSEPSr3i7	 Singletons are likely seeking refuge from the public displays of affection demonstrated by couples across the world today. But many of the 'romantic' gestures featured here could make you relieved you aren't in a relationship this Valentine's Day. The online gallery, compiled by BoredPanda, showcases some of the most unconventional - and occasionally downright bizarre - gifts people have received from their Valentine. In many cases, disorganised lovers have been forced to resort to last minute options for their other halves, like uninspiring coupons or, in one case, a second-hand phones. Elsewhere, a woman shared a photo of the bunch of asparagus she was presented with, instead of daffodils. Whether the photos make you laugh or cringe, these photos might provide some comfort to anyone disappointed with the 'same old' red roses - or those spending the most loved-up day of the year on their lonesome. 
963915526312550405	2018-02-14 23:19:04	https://t.co/qjOBupWYuc	Taiwan installs romantic traffic lights for Valentine's Day https://t.co/qjOBupWYuc	 Love is indeed in the air this Valentine's Day in Taiwan's Pingtung County. Dozens of romantic traffic lights have been installed to help its residents celebrate February 14. The animated pedestrian signs show the little green man winning the heart of his girlfriend. When the red light is on, the little green man is seen kneeling to propose to his partner with a beating heart between them. When the light turns to green, the couple can be seen holding hands - after the girlfriend said 'yes'. Pingtung County Police Bureau installed 25 of these 'couple' traffic lights around the train station, shopping streets and other busy traffic junctions ahead of the Valentine's Day. A launch ceremony was held on February 13 on Zhongzheng Road, the county's main shopping street. Pingtung county's mayor Pan Men-an said that a further 20 'couple' traffic lights would be installed around the county's tourist attractions and major crossroads by early March, according to PT News. One pedestrian told PT News: 'In the past, there was only one (little green man), now there are two. I find it very sweet.' Mr Pan said to local reporters that a conventional traffic light comprises 100 LED lights, while the new one in Pingtung has 124 LED lights 'because our little green man has a partner'. Mr Pan hoped the new traffic lights could encourage young couples to get married and start their families in Pingtung. The designer of the pedestrian signs, Cheng Da-wei, told Taiwan News that the change in the signs can make crossing the road an exciting thing to do. Although this is the first time traffic lights have been customised to spread a certain message in Taiwan, similar changes have been spotted in other parts of the world. In London, the traditional green man sign was replaced with LGBT symbols at 50 pedestrian crossings around the Trafalgar Square area in 2016 - as a nod to those taking part in London Pride. Ten female silhouettes were installed at various pedestrian walking signals across Melbourne's CBD last March as part of a push to promote gender equality. While in Bonifacio Global City in the Philippines, the green man sign was replaced by a heart for Valentine's Day from 2012 to 2016. 
963910493214838785	2018-02-14 22:59:04	https://t.co/i49wRPsdf2	Gynaecologist answers the question women are too embarrassed to ask their GP https://t.co/i49wRPsdf2	 The problem with vaginal dryness during sex is not so much the dryness itself - it's the fact so few talk about it. The silence around this common problem leads to misinformation and needless discomfort for a lot of women - one piece of research says it affects half of British women. That is a huge number relative to the ease with which it can be treated. In an interview with Healthista's Anna Magee, gynaecologist Vanessa Mackey breaks down the different issues that can lead to vaginal dryness and provides her expertise as to how to resolve the problem. Why is my vagina dry during sex? If getting wet before intercourse has never been a problem for you before and suddenly, things have changed, you may be experiencing hormonal changes such as approaching the menopause. But then again you might not be, but it's still normal. In fact, there are plenty of reasons women experience vaginal dryness during sex. Trouble is, no one ever talks about it, so few of us know the heartening truth – it's easily fixed. Research last year by Vagisil found that vaginal dryness affects a staggering half of British women. Even more depressingly, two in five women in a relationship who have suffered from it don't feel comfortable talking to anyone – not even their partners – about this and one in 20 have even ended a relationship because of issues with vaginal dryness. Perhaps most surprisingly, the most at risk were women in their mid-twenties to mid-thirties, not those who were experiencing menopause. If you're one of the large proportion of women who are too embarrassed to talk to their doctors about this, we've quizzed Dr Vanessa Mackay of the Royal College of Gynaecologists about the reasons and what you can do about them: You're approaching menopause The most common reason for vaginal dryness is the menopause or the years leading up to it. For the average British woman, menopause occurs at around 52 but the perimenopausal years can begin up to a decade earlier. 'The hormone estrogen is responsible for keeping the vagina lubricated but during menopause and the years leading up to it, estrogen levels can fluctuate and then dramatically drop leading to symptoms such as mood changes, hot flushes, tiredness, night sweats, weight gain and indeed, vaginal dryness,' says Dr Mackay. Vaginal dryness can often impact sex life Your first stop should be your GP. He/she can examine you and do any necessary tests to work out what's at the root of the problem. If your estrogen levels are low, your doctor might prescribe topical estrogen medication which can come in the form of creams, tablets or rings that you apply internally that deliver a low, local dose of estrogen to your vagina. They may come with side effects though, including breast pain and vaginal bleeding. Oestrogen therapy of any kind should also be avoided by women who have had or have a family history of breast or endometrial cancer and those who are pregnant or breastfeeding. You're not aroused enough 'If you're not aroused enough during sex, the vagina may not produce enough of its own natural lubricants.' One word people: foreplay. Research too shows we want more than we're getting. In 2012, a team of researchers from the University of New Brunswick measured the duration of foreplay by asking men and women in relationships to report how long an ideal foreplay session should last as well as ideal intercourse. Then they timed their actual sex lives in the comfort of their own homes. They reported an average of 11 to 13 minutes of foreplay, and seven to eight minutes of intercourse. Interestingly, women wanted eight more minutes of foreplay and seven more minutes of intercourse; men wanted five more minutes of foreplay and 11 more minutes of sex. You're on your period 'Oestrogen levels dip while you're on your period,' says Dr Mackay. 'As with menopause, when oestrogen levels are depleted, vaginal dryness can be a side effect'. The good news is that oestrogen levels steadily start to rise again after your period, so this effect will usually be temporary. You've just had a baby 'Breastfeeding or childbirth can cause vaginal dryness and this is something not many women are aware of,' says Dr Mackay. 'Oestrogen levels can temporarily decrease after giving birth, making the vagina feel dry.' Additionally, according to the NHS website, if you're breastfeeding, this dryness can feel even more pronounced. Your medication is not helping 'Although it's uncommon, the combined contraceptive pill or the contraceptive injection can cause vaginal dryness,' says Dr Mackay. Other medications such as cold medicine can dry up vaginal moisture in the same way they dry up the mucous membranes in your nose – though this will be temporary (and let's face it, if you've got that nasty flu, fooling around is probably the last thing on your mind). The most commonly prescribed type of anti-depressant medication, Selective Serotonin Re-uptake Inhibitors or SSRIs can also cause vaginal dryness and a decreased sex drive so talk to your doctor about perhaps switching if this is a problem for you. You're stressed Stress can also cause vaginal dryness, says Dr Mackay. Which makes sense because it's another one of those things that can kill or seriously damage your desire for your partner to start with, and can certainly distract you from the task at hand once you're actually in bed. You've got a medical condition that's to blame Common conditions affecting the reproductive area might also be to blame for vaginal dryness such as endometriosis, fibroids or a a urinary tract infection. On a less obvious note, problems such as diabetes or treatments for cancer such as radiotherapy to the pelvic area, hormonal cancer treatments such as those given after breast cancer and chemotherapy, can all cause vaginal dryness, explains Dr McKay. What you can do Once you've ruled out medical causes – or you don't think using hormone therapy in your intimate area is for you – you could try a hydrating gel. But make sure it's one formulated for the vaginal area. 'Trying to treat dryness with creams or gels unsuitable for the sensitive area of the vagina can actually make things worse,' says Dr Mackay. 'Vaginal lubricants are liquids or gels that you apply to your vagina before having sex, offering an immediate moistening effect.' Vaginal moisturisers on the other hand can also be applied to the inside of the vagina every few days and their effects are more long-lasting, she explains. The Vagisil Prohydrate range is entirely hormone-free and has been specifically created after five years of research and clinical testing, so they're proven both effective and safe (nine in ten women who tried it would recommend it to someone else suffering from intimate dryness). The active ingredient is ProHydrate Complex which includes a substance called hyaluronic acid, a type of moisturising agent that mimics the body's own natural moisture. This coats the vaginal wall and slowly releases moisture over time to relieve dryness so you can feel comfortable and ready whenever the moment is right. For long-lasting relief: Vagisil Prohydrate Internal Hydrating Gel, £12 comes in six pre-filled applicators with five grams of gel in them which can be applied internally to release moisture over time – a bit like a maintenance measure for your vagina's moisture. This product is hormone-free. Before sex: Vagisil ProHydrate External Hydrating Gel, £8.50 is a gel that can be used externally to keep skin feeling hydrated and supple. This product is hormone-free. Vagisil is available at Boots and Superdrug. This article originally appeared on and has been reproduced with the permission of Healthista. 
963905474595905536	2018-02-14 22:39:08	https://t.co/kK1QVcMjBQ	Astonishing WWI film shows a German counter-offensive during the Battle of the Somme https://t.co/kK1QVcMjBQ	 Described as the bloodiest moment of the most brutal conflict, the Battle of the Somme claimed so many lives it became synonymous with the First World War itself. Some 1.2 million fell in the blood-stained fields as the Allied forces pushed forwards into a hailstorm of German machine gun rounds and explosives. Grave footage captures the moment German soldiers rushed through trenches and over No Man's Land during the Battle of the Somme as the Kaiser's men launched a daring counter-offensive against British and French troops. Capturing the bloodiest moments of an unsparing war, the video taken in 1916 shows soldiers running across the the barren fields of northern France as shells go off all around them - sending debris hurtling skyward. Resurfacing this week, more than 100 years since one of histories most sanguinary campaigns, the footage shows young men darting through trenches in fear. The men can then be seen darting through trenches in an attempt to get out of the shelling area before the next one hits, with some fleeing into shell craters in a desperate attempt to save their own lives. The Battle of the Somme is widely considered the deadliest battle of the First World War, with some estimates placing the number of British casualties at 400,000. The battle revolved around an Allied offensive against the Germans in northern France, where they hoped to break the German line and push them back. However Allied tactics were hopelessly outdated, failing to adapt to the machine guns that were being used en-masse by the Germans. It is said that lines upon lines of Allied troops, expecting that their five day artillery bombardment had wiped out the German trenches, were simply mown down by German machine guns as they advanced toward the German position, with little or no plan as to what to do next. The Somme was the first-time air power and tanks had been used effectively in battle, driving up the number of casualties significantly. Around half of all those killed are thought to have been from the German empire, with Britain also suffering its worst ever day militarily on the opening day of the battle, where they sustained more than 57,000 casualties. Accounts from soldiers there during the battle were particularly brutal, such as this one from German officer Aspirant Brachat: 'When the English approached our dugout, I yelled [at my men] 'Get out! Face the enemy.' It was standing by the entrance when I was wounded by hand grenades. 'Our dugout caught fire. I stood between the English and the burning dugout where the stocked-up ammunition had exploded. There was a lot of crying out and screaming, as many of my dear comrades suffocated or were burned to death. My only wish was to escape.' The battle consisted of an offensive by the British and French armies against the German Army, which, since invading France in August 1914, had occupied large areas of that country. The Allies gained little ground over the four month battle - just five miles in total by the end. The battle is controversial because of the tactics employed and is significant as tanks were used for the first time. The Battle of the Somme took place between 1 July and 18 November 1916 in the Somme area of France. On the first day of fighting the British lost more than 19,000 men and 420,000 in total. Sixty per cent of all officers involved on the first day were killed. The battle eventually came to an end on November 18 1916 after a British offensive, with both sides choosing to focus on enduring the weather from their current position rather than attempt to push the opposition back further. By the time fighting ceased there were more than 1 million casualties, including 650,000 Germans. In the event, which is widely accepted to have sparked the outbreak of World War One, Archduke Franz Ferdinand - the nephew of Emperor Franz Joseph and heir to the Austro-Hungarian Empire - was shot dead. He was assassinated in Sarajevo, the capital of Bosnia and Herzegovina, along with his Serbian wife, Sophie, on June 28, 1914. Eventually killed by 19-year-old Gavrilo Princip, the couple had earlier that day been attacked by another man who threw a grenade at their car. Archduke Ferdinand was shot in the neck, while his wife was hit in the abdomen. The assassination is believed to have started a domino effect which led to the break out of World War One a month later. Princip and others wanted Bosnia to become part of Serbia. Austria-Hungary, like many in countries around the world, blamed the Serbian government for the attack and hoped to use the incident as justification for settling the question of Slav nationalism once and for all. As Russia supported Serbia, an Austro-Hungarian declaration of war was delayed until its leaders received assurances from German leader Kaiser Wilhelm that Germany would support their cause in the event of a Russian intervention–which would likely involve Russia’s ally, France, and possibly Britain as well. On July 28, Austria-Hungary declared war on Serbia, and the tenuous peace between Europe’s great powers collapsed. Within a week, Russia, Belgium, France, Great Britain and Serbia had lined up against Austria-Hungary and Germany, and World War One had begun. Artillery units of Austria-Hungary began to rain down shells on Belgrade, the Serbian capital - the very first shots of World War One. That attack was to start a chain reaction that, within weeks, embroiled all of the world's great powers into a global war which mobilised more than 70 million military personnel. The Great War - as it was soon to be known - was the first military conflict to be fought on an industrial scale. But the technological advances that led to increases in the lethality of weapons were not matched by changes in strategy, with both sides resorting to practically suicidal human wave attacks. Although much of the warfare took place in Europe, battle was soon joined across the planet via the colonies of the European imperial powers. By 1918, the powers of Central Europe were exhausted by fighting. A final last-ditch offensive along the Western Front by Germany was successfully repelled and, as U.S. forces began to enter the trenches, the Allies staged a series of successful advances, forcing the enemy to surrender on November 11. 
963899360986783745	2018-02-14 22:14:50	https://t.co/inT79zZ2em	The five unexpected tricks you need to beat sleep anxiety https://t.co/inT79zZ2em	 If your overactive mind keeps you awake in the small hours, you could have a condition called sleep anxiety that unfortunately gets worse the less shut eye you get - but there are tricks you can use to nip it in the bud. In a special report on sleep in the latest issue of Women's Health magazine experts have revealed the rather quirky ways to melt away the worries that keep you up in the night. If you regularly miss out on sleep it activates the brain's worry centre, which makes it harder to sleep that can in turn lead to psychophysiological insomnia where you're so worried about not getting enough rest that you can't get to sleep. Here are the tricks you need to calm that overactive mind so that you wake up feeling refreshed after your eight hours. 1. CALM YOUR MUSCLES You need a slow, even pulse – under 60 beats per minute – to usher your body into unconsciousness, which means convincing those unbidden but seemingly relentless racing thoughts to slow down. Try calming your muscles by starting at your feet and working upwards, tensing and relaxing each area for a few seconds until you get to the top of your head. This technique makes you aware of what both strain and rest feel like throughout your body and signals to your muscle groups that it’s time for sleep. Psychophysiological insomnia is the most common type of insomnia. It's caused by stress and not by medical conditions, substance abuse or other mental disorders. Its main feature is an intense sense of worry and anxiety surrounding getting to sleep. This worry prepares the body for the fight-or-flight response, releasing cortisol and adrenaline and increasing heartbeat, breath and muscle tension, which makes you even less likely to fall asleep. If the cause of insomnia is psychological, cognitive behavioural psychotherapy can help. Source: Counselling Directory 2. MAKE NOTES Before your go to bed jot down your top three stressors with an action item for each. Just acknowledging them stops unproductive ruminating, allowing your mind to switch off, but make you don't do this anywhere near your bed. 3. GET INTIMATE Having an orgasm can help you sleep by releasing the hormone oxytocin, which counteracts stress hormones, as well as serotonin and norepinephrine to help your body cycle through the deeper stages of slow-wave and REM. 4. USE A WEIGHTED BLANKET The pressure can trigger your brain to pump out soothing neurotransmitters, akin to being on the receiving end of a proper good hug. 5. SOOTHE YOURSELF WITH TUNES The most soporific songs have a consistent rhythm of 50 to 60 beats per minute and will encourage listeners’ heart rates will gradually slow to match it. They're also five minutes or longer, and have no catchy refrain to keep your brain engaged, according to a study by Mindlab International, who claim the perfect mix of these attributes can reduce anxiety by 65 per cent. This research resulted in a wordless eight-minute melody called Weightless by the band Marconi Union – it sounds like the love child of a classic spa tune and an outer-space movie score. 
963894032891031552	2018-02-14 21:53:40	https://t.co/5dbJor9Cv1	Baffled doctors discover a Portuguese woman has 2 ANAL CANALS https://t.co/5dbJor9Cv1	 Doctors have told of their surprise after discovering a Portuguese woman they were examining had two anal canals. The unidentified patient was referred to specialists after enduring two abscesses on her bottom, which both required 'drainage'. Upon closer inspection, medics in Figueria da Foz - 87 miles (140km) south of Porto, saw two holes leaving her anus - instead of the usual one. The 40-year-old woman refused numerous offers of surgery to correct her defect, which medics say she would have been born with. Proctologists - specialists in anal health - were so intrigued by the bizarre case that they decided to publish it in a medical journal. Writing in the Journal of Medical Cases, they revealed anal canal duplication is 'the most uncommon' malformation of the digestive tract. They wrote: 'This case is of particular importance because of its rarity. Around 60 cases of ACD are currently described worldwide. 'Our patient was diagnosed at the age of 40 years, constituting one of the most elderly patient diagnosed with ACD.' They revealed that 'diagnosis is usually made in the first year of life by caregivers', stressing it is unusual for it to be discovered in adults. Faecal matter passes through the anal canal, which connects directly to the rectum - where waste is stored before it leaves the body. The tube, which is roughly 4cm-long, is the last part of the gastrointestinal tract. Medical literature states around 60 cases of anal canal duplication have been recorded across the world. Humans are meant to be born with just one canal, and a duplication is deemed to be the 'mots uncommon' malformation of the digestive tract. If the duplication connects to the rectum, then, in theory, the patient would be able to pass waste through both orifices. Faecal matter passes through the anal canal, which connects directly to the rectum - where waste is stored before it leaves the body. In theory, the woman could have been able to excrete through both, if her second canal linked to the rectal wall, which it didn't. Instead, doctors revealed the 'tubular and cul-de-sac' shaped orifice, separated from the other canal by just skin, was just 3cm deep and 1cm wide. Hospital Distrital da Figueira da Foz explained how the woman came to them after she reported two anal abscesses that needed surgically draining in the past year. She was referred for a consultation with proctologists, led by Dr Jessica Neves - despite no longer having any painful pus-filled lumps. Examination revealed the two orifices, and medical scans to help doctors identify the problem confirmed it was a duplication of the anal canal. Doctors asked the patient if she wished to undergo surgery to correct her defect at the time, but she refused. Seven years later she returned to the same clinic complaining of a new abscess on her bottom and was again offered surgery. However, she again declined. 
963889424147853312	2018-02-14 21:35:21	https://t.co/gwILwmknZ9	Princess Madeleine of Sweden shares sweet snap of her children celebrating Valentine's Day https://t.co/gwILwmknZ9	 Princess Madeleine of Sweden has shared a rare photo of her two children in celebration of Valentine's Day. The seventh-in-line to the Swedish throne shared the sweet snap which features Princess Leonore, and Prince Nicolas on Facebook with her 927,000 followers. In the photo Leonore, three, is dressed in all pink complete with a floral eye mask and can be seen wrapping her arm around her brother Nicolas, two, who sports a pair of heart-shaped sunglasses. Captioning the photograph Madeleine, 35, writes: 'Happy Valentine's Day from Leonore and Nicolas!' Unsurprisingly the photo garnered quite a reaction amassing over 1,000 likes since its upload this morning. Many of her followers returned the well wishes sharing their Valentine's greetings in the comments. Madeleine is expecting her third child with husband Chris O'Neill with the couple, who live in London with their two children, recently announcing their due date. A statement from the palace said: 'Princess Madeleine and Mr Christopher O'Neill have decided that their third child will be born in Sweden. 'The Princess will arrive in Sweden in mid-February and the birth is expected to take place in March 2018.' Announcing the pregnancy on her Facebook page in August Madeleine wrote: 'Chris and I are thrilled to announce that I am expecting. look forward to four becoming five!' Madeleine met her husband after fleeing to the US in 2010 with a broken heart. She crossed the Atlantic following the breakdown of her first engagement to Swedish attorney Jonas Bergstrom amid speculation that he had cheated on her. Madeleine became known as Sweden's party princess during her early 20s, when she was frequently spotted at Stockholm's high-end nightclubs. Countless column inches were also devoted to Madeleine's stylish wardrobe and glamorous lifestyle, but she now focuses on royal duties and raising her two children. 
963885336349888515	2018-02-14 21:19:06	https://t.co/tGl6hQVsjC	Man, 46, takes his first steps in years after having a TWO STONE mass removed from his leg https://t.co/tGl6hQVsjC	 A man took his first steps in years after having an enormous two stone mass, caused by a tiny mosquito bite, removed from his leg. Known only as Saidalavi, 46, he was diagnosed with elephantiasis as a teenager after parasitic worms entered his body via the bite. The condition left him bedridden for two years, with surgeons only intervening when the huge lump became infected. After a month of antibiotics, five doctors cut off the 30lb (13.6kg) mass during a five-hour operation at Amrita Institute of Medical Sciences in Kochi in India. One month on, Saidalavi managed to walk again this week, but is expected to go under the knife again later this year before he can hope to live a normal life. According to the World Health Organization, nearly 856 million people in 52 countries are at risk of developing elephantiasis, which is also known as lymphatic filariasis. Elephantiasis is defined as an impaired lymphatic system, resulting in abnormal enlargements of the body due to by a parasite infection from a mosquito bite. Nearly 856 million people in 52 countries worldwide are at risk of developing elephantiasis, which is also known as lymphatic filariasis. In 2000 over 120 million people were infected, of which around 40 million were disfigured and incapacitated by the disease. Infection usually occurs during childhood. This can result in tissue or scrotal swelling, as well as tissue thickening, in later life, leading to permanent disability and social isolation. Elephantiasis is caused by adult parasitic worms lodging in the lymphatic system. Their larvae then further add to this problem. Preventative chemotherapy can stop the spread of the infection by reducing the number of parasites in infected people's bloodstreams. Scrotal swelling is treatable via surgery. Elephantiasis can be stopped from becoming worse by practicing good hygiene, exercising and elevating affected limbs. Source: World Health Organization 'I had given up all hope' Saidalavi was diagnosed with elephantiasis 30 years ago, with the swelling getting worse with age. He said: 'I thank the doctors from the bottom of my heart for enabling me to lead a normal life. 'It is amazing feeling to stand on my own two feet without any support. 'I had given up all hope and was even worried that my legs would need to be amputated if the infection spread. 'I have now got my life back and look forward to taking up a job again.' 'He will need further reduction surgery' Surgeon Dr Subramania Iyer said: 'It was a complex surgery. 'Several complications could rise because of the patient being overweight and his inability to walk. 'It was a challenge for anesthetists to manage the big excision in such an overweight patient. 'Saidalavi's physical transfer to the operating table and correct positioning during surgery was also difficult and required meticulous planning. 'He will need further reduction surgery on both the legs after six to nine months, and then he will be able to lead a normal life.' 
963882489356922880	2018-02-14 21:07:48	https://t.co/TDy8IrMiGG	Jacob Zuma resigns as South African president https://t.co/TDy8IrMiGG https://t.co/xG9Awrgakj	 South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has resigned. Zuma delivered a statement in a televised address to the nation on Wednesday evening - he said he would resign 'with immediate effect' in response to the ruling African National Congress' (ANC) order to quit. The ANC said earlier it would move to oust the scandal-tainted Zuma in a parliamentary vote if he did not depart voluntarily. That vote had been set for Thursday afternoon. Zuma kept South Africans guessing as to whether he would resign until the final part of a half-hour speech, insisting that he was not fazed by the no confidence motion being organised against him by the ANC in the national assembly. The 75-year-old president said he disagreed with the way the ANC wanted him to depart ahead of schedule following the election of Cyril Ramaphosa as party president in December. Zuma - in power since 2009 - has been under increasing pressure to hand power over to Ramaphosa because of the 800-odd corruption allegations he faces. Earlier on Wednesday he flatly rejected an order by the ANC to resign, arguing the governing party's demands were 'very unfair'. 'I need to be furnished on what I have done [wrong] and unfortunately that hasn't been done,' he said. He argued that the terms of his departure had been cobbled together 'in too much of a rush.' 'I need to be furnished on what I've done,' Mr Zuma said in the interview with state broadcaster SABC on Wednesday. 'What is this hurry?' The interview was held after police raided the residential compound of a wealthy business family described as some of President Zuma's closest allies. The departing president said that violence and disunity within the ANC had contributed towards his decision to depart. 'No life should be lost in my name and also the ANC should never be divided in my name. I have therefore come to the decision to resign as president of the republic with immediate effect,' he said. 'Even though I disagree with the decision of the leadership of my organisation, I have always been a disciplined member of the ANC. 'As I leave I will continue to serve the people of South Africa as well as the ANC, the organisation I have served... all of my life.' The ANC issued a statement welcoming his decision, saying it provided 'certainty to the people of South Africa'. Its National Executive Committee had given him one last chance to resign on Tuesday when it delivered a letter to his home urging him to quit. Mr Zuma was a member of the ANC's military wing during apartheid, and his charisma and leadership skills speedily won him promotion. He led the country for more than a third of its time after apartheid was abolished finally abolished in 1994, paving the way for Nelson Mandela to become president. Zuma's relationship with the Gupta brothers played a significant part in his downfall - they were accused of major corruption under his tenure and were alleged to have used their ties to the President to influence Cabinet appointments and land state contracts for their businesses. Agents from the Hawks, an elite police investigative unit, entered the Gupta family compound in Saxonwold, an affluent neighborhood in Johannesburg on Wednesday. The early morning raid resulted in three arrests, the South African state broadcaster reported. The Gupta family lawyer later confirmed none of the brothers had been arrested on their South African properties. Police also raided the Guptas' Oakbay holding company in Johannesburg's Sandton financial district, according to a security guard outside the building. The ANC for its part expressed gratitude for Zuma's 'loyal service' and is now urging party members to support Cyril Ramaphosa, the country's acting president. Mr Ramaphosa is expected to be elected swiftly in a parliament vote and sworn in. For South Africans, who have suffered economic stagnation and national embarrassment following the endless allegations of corruption against Zuma, his presidency only highlighted the failure of national politics. The party suffered major setbacks in South Africa's local elections in 2016 and is at-risk of losing its majority in general elections scheduled for next year. In 2006 Zuma was acquitted of raping a family friend and he is still challenging numerous counts of corruption related to a government arms deal from the late 1990s when he was deputy president. Despite presenting himself as an anti-apartheid veteran, Zuma's waning political credentials were confirmed last December when deputy president Ramaphosa replaced him as ruling party leader. He was further embarrassed when he failed to repay public money he had used to renovate his home. A politically-connected business dynasty that moved to South Africa from India, the Gupta family finds itself at the centre of many of the scandals that have dogged President Jacob Zuma's administration. A day after the ruling ANC ordered Zuma out of office, the Guptas' prominent role in his presidency was highlighted on Wednesday as elite crime-busters raided the family's mansion in Johannesburg. WHO ARE THE GUPTAS? The family is headed by Ajay, Atul and Rajesh 'Tony' Gupta, three brothers from the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. Led by Atul, they arrived in South Africa in 1993 as white-minority apartheid rule crumbled, a year before Nelson Mandela won the country's first democratic elections. As the country opened up to foreign investment, the Guptas - previously small-scale businessmen in India - built a sprawling empire involved in computers, mining, media, technology and engineering. The New Age, an ardently pro-Zuma newspaper, was launched in 2010, and the 24-hour news channel ANN7 took to the airwaves in 2013 with a similar editorial slant. They had developed close links with the ruling African National Congress (ANC) party focussing particularly on Zuma, well before he became president in 2009. 'ZUPTA' - ZUMA'S TIES TO THE BROTHERS Zuma's son Duduzane was a director of the Gupta-owned Sahara Computers, named after their hometown of Saharanpur, and has been involved with several of the family's other companies. Zuma's third wife Bongi Ngema and one of his daughters have also been in the employ of the Guptas. Former deputy finance minister Mcebisi Jonas claimed in March 2015 that the Guptas had offered him the post of finance minister, in return for obeying the family's instructions - for which he would allegedly be paid 600 million rand ($50 million). Backbench ANC lawmaker David van Rooyen was then revealed to have visited the Guptas' home the night before his brief appointment as finance minister on December 9, 2015. Both the Guptas and Zuma, who has described the brothers as friends, deny any wrongdoing. TIED IN KNOTS Perhaps one of the most colourful Gupta-linked incidents related to a family wedding in 2013. Public anger erupted after it was revealed that a jet carrying 217 foreign guests to a Gupta wedding landed at Waterkloof Air Force base, outside Pretoria. The airport is a military facility normally used for receiving heads of state. It appeared that Zuma, who was the guest of honour, had tacitly approved the decision, which breached air force and customs and immigration rules. There were also allegations that the law was broken when the guests were given a police 'blue light' escort. WHAT ABOUT THEIR BUSINESSES The Gupta business empire has been repeatedly accused of securing deals with South Africa's giant state-owned companies on wildly favourable terms. South Africa's ethics watchdog, the Public Protector, published a damning report in October 2016, finding that the state-owned electricity monopoly had awarded a massive coal order to a then-Gupta linked business at well above market prices. The report also alleged that former mining minister Mosebenzi Zwane 'travelled to Switzerland with the Guptas to help them seal the deal' to buy a struggling coal mine. The family is mentioned 232 times in the report, entitled 'State of Capture' because of the influence that the Guptas are alleged to have exerted on some branches of the state. WHAT NOW? In recent years, major banks have withdrawn their facilities to the Gupta family, complicating the payment of salaries to staff and the day-to-day running of a complex, cash-intensive business empire. India's Bank of Baroda, thought to be the last major bank to continue its relationship with the Guptas in South Africa, recently announced it would withdraw from the country, effectively ending its association with the controversial family. They also face the prospect of a judge-led inquiry into their business dealings, as recommended by the public protector's report. One of the biggest scandals in South Africa is over a scheme that allegedly siphoned millions of dollars from a black-empowerment agriculture project. Further arrests in this case could spell the end for the family's foothold in South Africa, commentators predict. Since pressure began to mount on the Guptas, they have been reported to be moving their base to Dubai. Born on April 12, 1942, in Nkandla, a rural hamlet in KwaZulu-Natal province, Zuma's extraordinary journey inspires his loyal grassroots supporters. Popularly referred to as 'JZ', the uneducated youngster rose through the ranks of the then-banned ANC, serving a 10-year stint as an apartheid-era political prisoner on Robben Island along the way. After fleeing into exile, he became the party's feared head of intelligence, charged with dealing with traitors and informants. When he took the reins of the ANC in 2007 in a party putsch against then-president Thabo Mbeki, Zuma inherited a movement riddled with divisions. Tensions have only deepened as the ANC has been accused of losing its moral compass. As criticism of his reign mounted, Zuma maintained a cheerful public facade, often chuckling when allegations against him were repeated. But he was significantly weakened as increasingly senior ANC figures criticised him in public. He was forced into a humiliating climbdown in 2015 after firing a respected finance minister and appointing a man widely seen as a stooge. As the national rand currency went into free fall, Zuma bowed to pressure and re-appointed Pravin Gordhan, an admired former finance minister, to the crucial post. In a tussle that symbolised his tenacious grip over the ANC, Zuma fought on and finally got the finance minister of his choice in March 2017 when Gordhan was ousted in a midnight reshuffle. In 2016, Zuma agreed to pay back some of the public money spent on his private residence at Nkandla - backing down in the face of a stinging Constitutional Court rebuke. He has also been accused of corrupt dealings with the Guptas, a wealthy family of Indian origin, and allegedly granted them influence over his cabinet appointments. That scandal also reached a climax on Wednesday when elite corruption police arrested several people at the Gupta compound in Johannesburg. Zuma's tense relationship with his deputy president Cyril Ramaphosa came to a head this month when the movement to recall Zuma from the presidency gained momentum on the week he was due to deliver a key parliamentary speech. The event was postponed as Zuma and Ramaphosa tried to thrash out a transition deal to ease out the embattled head of state. Zuma's private life is as colourful as his political career. A proud traditionalist, he often swaps tailored suits for full leopard-pelt Zulu warrior gear, engaging in energetic ground-stomping tribal dances during ceremonies in his village. At ANC rallies, he was often the first to break into tuneful song. In the past, he relished leading supporters in the rousing anti-apartheid struggle song 'Umshini Wami' (Bring Me My Machine Gun), which became his signature tune. The teetotaller and non-smoker has four wives and at least 20 children. Before taking office, Zuma dismayed the nation during his 2006 rape trial when he told the court he had showered after having unprotected sex with his young HIV-positive accuser to avoid, he said, contracting the virus. The claim incensed safe-sex campaigners - not least because Zuma was head of the country's AIDS council at the time. Zuma was acquitted of rape but is often mocked in newspaper cartoons and depicted with a shower nozzle sprouting from his bald head. At Mandela's memorial service in 2013, he was loudly booed by ordinary South Africans in front of world leaders. During Zuma's time in power, South Africa was rocked by increasing social unrest over the failure to provide housing and basic services to the poorest in society. Zuma is also still fighting a court order that could reinstate corruption charges against him over 783 alleged payments linked to a multi-billion dollar arms deal in the 1990s. Scandal-tainted South African President Jacob Zuma resigned after years of corruption scandals. Here are five of his biggest scandals: RAPE CHARGES AND HIV Before taking office, Zuma was put on trial in 2006 for rape, in a case that dismayed many South Africans. Zuma said the sex with the 31-year-old family friend was consensual and he was acquitted. But he told the court he had showered to avoid contracting HIV after having unprotected sex with his HIV-positive accuser - a common but dangerous myth. Zuma was head of the South African National AIDS Council at the time, and was pilloried for his ignorance. He is still mocked in newspaper cartoons, which often depict him with a shower nozzle sprouting from his bald head. Nearly a fifth of South Africans aged between 15 and 49 are HIV-positive. NKANDLA COSTS Zuma was found by the country's graft watchdog in 2014 to have "benefited unduly" from so-called security upgrades to his rural Nkandla residence in KwaZulu-Natal province. It said he should refund some of the money. The work, paid for with taxpayers' money, cost $24million (£17.31million) and included a swimming pool, which was described as a fire-fighting facility, a chicken run, a cattle enclosure, an amphitheatre and a visitors' centre. For two years, Zuma fought the order to repay part of the money. The scandal came to dominate his presidency -- with opposition lawmakers chanting "Pay back the money!" every time he appeared in parliament. In March 2016 he was ordered by the Constitutional Court to pay back the cash and suffered a stinging rebuke from the justices who accused him of failing to respect and uphold the constitution. GUPTAGATE As the Nkandla debacle built to a climax, its place in the headlines was overtaken by a new scandal, known as Guptagate. It involved the president's allegedly corrupt relationship with the Gupta brothers, who built a business empire in mining, media, technology and engineering. Smouldering rumours of the family's undue influence on the president burst into flames in 2016 when evidence emerged they allegedly offered key government jobs to those who might help their business interests. Ousted deputy finance minister Mcebisi Jonas revealed that the Guptas had offered him a promotion shortly before Zuma sacked respected finance minister Nhlanhla Nene in December 2015. The opposition Democratic Alliance (DA) laid corruption charges against the Guptas and Zuma's son Duduzane. ARMS DEAL In October 2017, after a marathon legal campaign by the DA party, the Supreme Court of Appeal ruled that Zuma was liable for prosecution over almost 800 counts of corruption relating to a 1990s arms deal. The accusations relate to a multi-billion-dollar arms deal signed in 1999, when Zuma was deputy president. He allegedly accepted bribes from international arms manufacturers to influence the choice of weaponry. Zuma's advisor, Schabir Shaik, was jailed for 15 years in 2005. He was released on medical parole in 2009, the year Zuma became president. After he leaves office, Zuma faces the risk of jail over 18 criminal charges over the 783 payments he received. OMAR AL-BASHIR In March 2016 the South African Supreme Court of Appeal upheld a judgement that the failure by Zuma's government to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir was illegal. Despite an arrest warrant from the International Criminal Court on charges of war crimes in the conflict in Darfur, Bashir was allowed to attend a meeting of the African Union in Johannesburg in 2015. The government said the fact that he was attending the summit as a head of state meant he had immunity, but the court disagreed. Zuma escaped an impeachment attempt over the issue in parliament in September 2016, when ANC lawmakers voted overwhelmingly against it. April 12, 1942: Zuma is born in rural Nkandla in KwaZulu-Natal province. He grows up without formal schooling. 1963: A member of the armed wing of the ANC, he is convicted of trying to overthrow the apartheid government and serves 10 years on the Robben Island prison alongside Nelson Mandela. 1973: Freed, he sets up underground ANC networks and then is the group's chief of intelligence from Zambia. 1990: After 15 years mostly spent in exile, he returns to South Africa when the ANC is unbanned. He is key in talks that lead to a national unity government after the first all-race elections, in 1994, won by the ANC. 1997: He becomes the ANC's vice president. Two years later he is elected deputy president of the country. 2006: He is cleared of rape charges but ridiculed for testifying he took a shower after consensual sex with his HIV-positive accuser. 2009: Two years after ousting Thabo Mbeki as ANC leader, he is elected president. He is re-elected in 2014. 2016: A top court finds he flouted the constitution by using public funds to upgrade his private residence. An anti-corruption watchdog meanwhile charges he allowed a wealthy Indian business family, the Guptas, undue influence over his government. 2017: Zuma fires his finance minister, unleashing open war in the ANC. August 2017: He survives a fourth impeachment vote since 2015. December 2017: He is replaced as ANC chief by his deputy, Cyril Ramaphosa, and comes under pressure to quit the presidency early, ahead of the next elections. February 14, 2018: Resigns from the presidency after the ANC threatens a no-confidence vote in parliament. 
963880306741841923	2018-02-14 20:59:07	https://t.co/nIlAJ88jpR	Terrifying machines that can climb up WALLS are created by scientists https://t.co/nIlAJ88jpR	 Cockroaches don't swerve when they see a wall - they crash into it. The force from the collision is used by the clever insects to launch themselves up vertical surfaces. Now, scientists have taken inspiration from the humble cockroach to create a terrifying robot that can climb up walls. Scroll down for videos 'Cockroaches running at over 1 metre (3.28 feet) or 50 body lengths per second transition from the floor to a vertical wall within 75 milliseconds by using their head like a car bumper, mechanically mediating the manoeuvre,' researchers at the University of California, Berkeley wrote in their study published today. Inspired by this cockroach movement, the researchers developed their own model robotic cockroaches. The robot, called DASH (Dynamic Autonomous Sprawled Hexapod Robot), which consists of a rectangular platform with six legs. It's able to run towards a wall at high-speed, collide and dissipate energy, and bounce back to shift from a horizontal to a vertical position. The researchers suggest that bots that bots below 1 kilogram (2.2 pounds) should be able to use this manoeuvre collision manoeuvre. Previous research by the Berkeley researchers has also explored other aspects of cockroach movement. In a previous project, they developed another type of palm-sized, cockroach inspired robots that could assist in future search-and-rescue missions to find survivors of disasters. The bot has a similarly tough but flexible exoskeleton compared to cockroaches, and is suited to scurrying rapidly through tightly-packed debris. Its soft legs and articulated shell allow it to compress to more than half its size, so it could squeeze through the narrowest of cracks. This would allow rescue workers to find and reach survivors stuck in confirmed spaces beneath collapsed buildings. In order to design this bot, the researchers studied how the rigid but jointed exoskeletons of cockroaches allow them to invade almost any space. 'Our discoveries from cockroaches inspired the design of a soft, legged hexapod robot named "compressible robot with articulated mechanisms" (CRAM) that we built using laser-cutting, laminating, and the folding of exoskeletal-like plates,' said Kaushik Jayaram and Robert Full, researchers at the University of California, Berkeley's Department of Integrative Biology who conducted the study. To measure the limits of the insects' abilities, the two researchers constructed an obstacle course for American cockroaches. They found they are capable of slipping through a space smaller than a quarter of their standing body height in less than one second, and they do this by compressing their exoskeleton. 'Jointed exoskeletons permit rapid appendage-driven locomotion but retain the soft-bodied, shape-changing ability to explore confined environments,' the pair wrote in the journal PNAS. The researchers also altered the friction of the ceiling and ground in the obstacle course. They found that cockroaches can quickly navigate in confined spaces at speeds of approximately 20 body lengths per second using a method the scientists dubbed 'body-friction-legged crawling' where the insects squeeze though a gap head-first. It was these discoveries that led the researchers to build their own artificial version of the American cockroach, mimicking its biology in 'soft robotics'. A team at North Carolina State University also investigated cockroach-focused ways of aiding rescue worked in disaster zones, but they used real cockroaches outfitted with backpacks that can enable researchers to steer cockroaches. These backpacks also contain microphones intended to pick up sounds such as people calling for help. In November 2014, researchers at North Carolina State University fitted cockroaches with electrical backpacks complete with tiny microphones capable of detecting faint sounds. The idea is that cyborg cockroaches, or ‘biobots’, could enter crumpled buildings hit by earthquakes, for example, and help emergency workers find survivors. ‘In a collapsed building, sound is the best way to find survivors,’ said Alper Bozkurt, an assistant professor of electrical and computer engineering at North Carolina State University. ‘The goal is to use the biobots with high-resolution microphones to differentiate between sounds that matter - like people calling for help - from sounds that don't matter - like a leaking pipe. ‘Once we've identified sounds that matter, we can use the biobots equipped with microphone arrays to zero-in on where those sounds are coming from.’ The ‘backpacks’ control the robo-roach's movements because they are wired to the insect’s cerci - sensory organs that cockroaches usually use to feel if their abdomens brush against something. By electrically stimulating the cerci, cockroaches can be prompted to move in a certain direction. In fact, they have been programmed to seek out sound. One type of 'backpack' is equipped with an array of three directional microphones to detect the direction of the sound and steer the biobot in the right direction towards it. Another type is fitted with a single microphone to capture sound from any direction, which can be wirelessly transmitted, perhaps in the future to emergency workers. They ‘worked well’ in lab tests and the experts have developed technology that can be used as an ‘invisible fence’ to keep the biobots in a certain area such as a disaster area, the researchers announced at the IEEE Sensors 2014 conference in Valencia, Spain. 
963875246133710853	2018-02-14 20:39:01	https://t.co/o8V6ICGH3W	People were keeping fluffy bunnies as companions in the home before the 1st century https://t.co/o8V6ICGH3W	 A popular myth about rabbit domestication involving the Pope and hungry seventh century monks has been debunked by experts. According to the story, bunnies were first tamed in 600 AD by French religious followers whose love of food was at odds with the strict rules of observing Lent. Now a new genetics study has shown that the epicurean monks probably had little to do with the origins of the domestic bunny, which dates to before the 1st Century. Scroll down for video Experts from Oxford University compared the genomes, or complete genetic codes, of modern domestic and wild rabbits to see how long it had taken them to diverge. Using the known mutation rate of certain biomolecules as a 'molecular clock' they found it was not possible to pin down rabbit domestication to a single date or event. Instead, the creation of tame bunnies appeared to be a cumulative effect stretching back to Roman times and possibly the Stone Age. Lead scientist Dr Greger Larson, of Oxford University, said: 'The historical evidence credits the Romans with the earliest written records of rabbits and as being the first to use hutches. 'The archaeological evidence shows that rabbits were hunted during the Palaeolithic in the Iberian Peninsula and south-west France. 'By the Middle Ages rabbits were considered a high-status food and regularly transported across Europe, although it took more than 2,000 years for differences between wild and domestic rabbits to be visible in their bones.' Legend has it that Pope Gregory is said to have come to the rescue of rabbits by issuing an edict declaring that it was acceptable to eat laurices - unborn bunnies - as a meat substitute during the Lent fast. From then on, rabbits continued to have wildness bred out of them, both for the pot and to provide cute fluffy companions. Previously the story about the monks had been widely accepted as fact by the scientific community. 'I had cited it, colleagues of mine had cited it, it's all over Wikipedia and the web, but it turns out that the modern story is a complete house of cards,' Dr Larson added. 'What was really interesting to me then was why nobody's really thought about it or been critical about it.' The origins of many domestic animals made 'great bed-time stories' but in reality were questionable myths, he added. The full findings of the study were published in the journal Trends in Ecology and Evolution. Pets have been a companion to humans for millennia. In fact, according to Greger Larson, director of the University of Oxford's palaeogenomics and bio-archaeology research network, humans have likely kept baby animals for amusement as long as humans have lived. But the story of exactly how animals became domesticated is much debated and often only glimpsed at from scraps of fossils and DNA. Scientists largely agree that dogs were the first domestic animal. They were tamed and used for work or for their meat. A study published by University of Maine researchers in 2011 found evidence that dogs were being bred, and, eaten, by humans living in Texas some 9,400 years ago. A more recent study in 2017 found dogs were domesticated in a single event by humans living in Eurasia. Dr Krishna Veeramah, an assistant professor in evolution at Stony Brook University, told MailOnline: 'We've found clear evidence that dogs were domesticated 20,000 to 40,000 years ago. 'New research last year provocatively suggested that dogs could have been domesticated twice but our conclusion was there is no evidence for dual domestication. 'We would argue that finding evidence for only one domestication event is a big deal, because it is very important to helping us understand how domestication works.' His research found that dogs evolved to be a separate species from wild wolves sometime between 20,000 and 40,000 years ago. But it's not known if they were the first pets, and kept for companionship. A study this year found compared the genomes, or complete genetic codes, of modern domestic and wild rabbits to see how long it had taken them to diverge. Using the known mutation rate of certain biomolecules as a 'molecular clock' they found it was not possible to pin down rabbit domestication to a single date or event. Instead, the creation of tame buns appeared to be a cumulative effect stretching back to Roman times and possibly the Stone Age. The story of domestication is not a linear progression from wild to domestic, Larsen told the Smithsonian. 'These things exist on a continuum,' says Larson. He said when the first pet came into being is 'a bit like asking when did life begin?' 
963870222187974658	2018-02-14 20:19:03	https://t.co/qT17J1M9ki	Stunning renderings emerge of spaceship-style lodge that's set to open beneath a glacier in the Arctic Circle https://t.co/qT17J1M9ki	 You'll be left starry-eyed at this UFO-style hotel, set to touch down in the Arctic Circle. Incredible renderings have emerged of the spaceship-style lodge, which is scheduled to open in 2021 in northern Norway just above the Arctic Circle. The images show how hotel Svart will sit in a breathtaking location at the foot of Svartisen - Norway's second largest glacier - and it will be set above the water on stilts. Architects went about crafting the unusual structure so it will use 85 per cent less energy than a regular hotel would. They plan on using wood for the most part - instead of steel and concrete - to build the ring-shaped inn and it will be adorned with solar panels to harvest sunlight for power. The walls of the eco-friendly building have been strategically designed to insulate in the winter and allow for ventilation in the summer. And the hotel will be rigged up to a geothermal well, so naturally-heated water will run throughout. Topping it off, all of the furnishings will be made from recycled or natural materials. According to Hotel News Now, energy is the second largest spending category for hotels after employment. According to a study conducted by Hotel Energy Solutions in 2011, energy is the second largest spending category for hotels after employment. The firm’s analysis revealed that energy in hotels is mainly consumed by temperature regulation, which includes heating, hot water and air conditioning. Hotel Svart was designed by a team from the Oslo-based architecture firm Snøhetta. Commenting on the novel design idea, Snøhetta's co-founder Kjetil Trædal Thorsen, said: 'Building in such a precious environment comes with some clear obligations in terms of preserving the natural beauty and the fauna and flora of the site. 'It was important for us to design a sustainable building that will leave a minimal environmental footprint on this beautiful Northern nature. 'Building an energy positive and low-impact hotel is an essential factor to create a sustainable tourist destination respecting the unique features of the plot; the rare plant species, the clean waters and the blue ice of the Svartisen glacier.' Along with being eco-friendly, another draw for visitors will be the hotel's location. Situated just above the Arctic Circle in a remote patch of untouched countryside, stays at Svart will provide the perfect opportunity to see the ethereal Northern Lights. Other outdoor activities set to be on offer include hiking, kayaking and mountain biking. 
963865203053072384	2018-02-14 19:59:06	https://t.co/BUL8xh77m8	Moment fish makes a desperate bid for freedom by leaping from its tank https://t.co/BUL8xh77m8	 One shopper got a lot more than she bargained for in her trolley after a fish leapt from it's tank and in with her groceries in a supermarket in Taiwan. The slippery creature was almost captured in a net by a shopper which startled him causing him to jump out of the water and into the woman's groceries in the busy market. Footage recorded by a shopper shows the distressed fish jump in a bid to hurl itself to freedom for fear of being trapped in the net. In the clip lasting 26 seconds, the shocked customers watched as the flapping fish dived into the trolley which was also carrying a small child. Shocked customers who watched the scene unfold saw a shop assistant grab the flapping fish from the trolley, put it in the net and back into the tank. Choosing your own dinner from fish tanks is a central attraction of Taiwan’s famous seafood outlets. The fish can come from many places but most come from Southeast Asia or the nations.
963859921858191360	2018-02-14 19:38:07	https://t.co/6WSzVpRvjx	Zimbabwe's opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai dies at the age of 65 https://t.co/6WSzVpRvjx https://t.co/4lWz0g3Cui	 Zimbabwean opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai died Wednesday aged 65, ending a long campaign to lead his country that brought him assassination attempts, beatings and accusations of treason. Tsvangirai died Wednesday evening in a Johannesburg hospital, said Elias Mudzuri, a vice president of the Movement for Democratic Change party. The opposition leader, who claimed to have escaped four assassinations, had been battling colon cancer for two years. Tsvangirai for years was longtime ruler Robert Mugabe's most potent challenger and even became prime minister in an uncomfortable coalition government for a few years. Mugabe, 93, and in power for 37 years, resigned in November after pressure from the military and ruling party. In January, the ailing Tsvangirai suggested that he would be stepping down, saying he was 'looking at the imminent prospects of us as the older generation leaving the levers of leadership to allow the younger generation to take forward this huge task.' His death leaves the opposition in disarray just months before national elections. An opposition alliance had endorsed him as its candidate, even as his deputies tussled to act as party leader while he was out of the country for treatment. Those power struggles are now likely to intensify, which may give an edge to the ruling party, ZANU-PF, and its candidate, President Emmerson Mnangagwa. 'We are still mourning. This is not the time to talk about that,' MDC party spokesman Obert Gutu said. Tsvangirai came tantalizingly close to the presidency in 2008 when he won the most votes in the election. But the results, delayed nearly a month as Mugabe's officials 'verified' the count, gave him just 47 percent, shy of the more than 50 percent majority needed to win outright. Tsvangirai boycotted the runoff, citing widespread violence against his supporters, handing Mugabe the victory. Negotiations then led to the coalition government, an uneasy alliance that ended in 2013 when Mugabe won elections amid charges of intimidation and rigging. Being Mugabe's most prominent opponent brought Tsvangirai considerable hardship. He was jailed several times and charged with treason. He suffered a fractured skull and internal bleeding when he and more than a dozen other leaders of his party were arrested and beaten with gun butts, belts and whips in 2007. Tsvangirai claimed he had been the victim of four assassination attempts during his political career. In one of his near misses, an assailant tried to throw Tsvangirai out of his office window.. 'Morgan Tsvangirai will be remembered as one of Zimbabwe's great patriots,' opposition figure and human rights lawyer David Coltart said Wednesday night. 'Although, like all of us, he made mistakes none of us ever doubted his commitment to transform Zimbabwe into a modern, tolerant state.' Born March 10, 1952 in the rural Buhera area southeast of the capital, Harare, Tsvangirai was the oldest of nine children. After graduation from secondary school he worked at the Bindura Nickel Mine for 10 years, eventually becoming plant supervisor. It was during the years of the nationalist war against white minority-ruled Rhodesia. Tsvangirai later said he did not join the guerrilla fighters because his salary supported the education of his younger siblings. When Zimbabwe became independent in 1980, Tsvangirai joined Mugabe's ZANU-PF party and became active in trade unions, rising to become secretary general of the Zimbabwe Congress of Trade Unions. The labor organization had been a rubber stamp supporter of Mugabe and ZANU-PF, but under Tsvangirai's leadership it became a vocal critic of Mugabe's government. The labor federation became a key component of an emerging network of anti-government civil society groups including lawyers, students and churches demanding an end to worsening human rights abuses and deepening economic problems. In 1999 he founded the MDC, which attracted support from blacks and whites and in rural and urban areas. The party quickly became a serious challenge to Mugabe's party. Tsvangirai was also leader of the National Constitutional Assembly, a coalition of civil society groups that successfully campaigned against a 'no' vote in a 2000 referendum for a new constitution they alleged gave Mugabe too many powers. Most of the organization's leaders joined Tsvangirai's MDC. Nine months after its formation, the MDC won 57 seats in parliament, five short of the ruling party's 62, the first time Mugabe's party came close to losing its parliamentary majority. Tsvangirai then continued for years as the country's opposition leader, facing significant repression from Mugabe and ZANU-PF. Shortly after becoming prime minister in 2009, Tsvangirai suffered a serious blow when his wife, Susan, died when the car they were travelling in overturned. Without his wife, Tsvangirai lost domestic stability and became involved in romances that were widely publicized by the Zimbabwean press. His time as prime minister was criticized as being marked by his search for a new wife and also by his enjoyment of the trappings of power, but Tsvangirai was also credited with encouraging stability, civility and international goodwill. His long struggle as Mugabe's main challenger was credited with helping to keep a measure of democratic space open in Zimbabwe. 'Thank you for making it possible for people like me to find the courage to say enough is enough,' said pastor Evan Mawarire, who led large anti-government protests in 2016. 'Zimbabwe owes you a great debt.' Last week senior members of his party clashed in public in a power struggle between Mudzuri and another of his deputies Nelson Chamisa, 40, over who was in charge of the party - months before key elections. Analysts warn that the party is likely to face a major split following his death. Tsvangirai's death firmly places President Emmerson Mnangagwa, the ZANU-PF veteran who took over after Mugabe's ousting, on the path to victory in elections that are to be held before July. 'Very sad indeed - as you know the president (Mnangagwa) visited him at home to wish him well - but God gives and God has taken,' ZANU-PF spokesman Simon Khaya Moyo said. 'The fact that the President visited him shows what type of person he was,' said Moyo. Tsvangirai who announced two years ago that he had been diagnosed with colon cancer, was the face of bravery in Zimbabwe opposition politics. 'Morgan Tsvangirai represented courage and determination in the face of oppression, and gave ordinary Zimbabweans faith to believe in the future, ' tweeted British foreign minister Boris Johnson. 'He was one of the bravest political leaders of his time and will be sadly missed'. David Coltart, a fellow opposition leader who was one of the founding members of the MDC but later joined a splinter group, wrote on twitter that Tsvangirai will be remembered as one of Zimbabwe's 'greatest patriots' and that he deserves to be called a 'hero'. 'Although like all of us he made mistakes, none of us ever doubted his commitment to transform Zimbabwe into a modern, democratic, tolerant state,' Coltart said. The young opposition politician Fadzai Mahere said in a tweet 'Rest in power' Tsvangirai. 'Thank you for forging the path and blazing the trail in the struggle for democracy.' 'ZANU-PF has not won recent elections, it has rigged them,' Tsvangirai told AFP last year. 'Anyone who is interested in ending ZANU-PF should unite, in spite of ideological differences.' Harare-based political analyst Alexander Rusero described Tsvangirai as 'a larger-than-life character' of Zimbabwean opposition politics. 'Tsvangirai will be remembered as the brave man who demystified dictatorship in Zimbabwe. He was the godfather of genuine opposition politics who formed a formidable opposition to Mugabe's dictatorship,' Rusero said. 
963859918427127808	2018-02-14 19:38:06	https://t.co/u4d1YgmNLi	Every hour a toddler spends watching TV a day makes them 16% heavier as a teenager, study finds https://t.co/u4d1YgmNLi	 It is enough to make parents think twice before plonking their toddler down in front of Peppa Pig for too long. A study has found every hour of daily television for a two-year-old could make them 16 per cent heavier as a teenager. Very young children who spend too much time staring at a television screen are more likely to eat unhealthy food when they are older and do worse at school. Researchers at the University of Montreal looked at nearly 2,000 children born two decades ago, whose parents reported their viewing times. They suggest watching television as a toddler may lead to sedentary habits, while also exposing children to more junk food advertising at a young age. For every hour in front of the box when they were two, the 13-year-olds in the study ate 13 per cent more unhealthy food, which included soft drinks, sweet snacks and fast food. Watching television for three or more hours a day may increase a child's risk of developing type 2 diabetes, research suggested in July 2017. Children who spend at least three hours in front of a screen are heavier and have greater insulin resistance, a study found. Both of these are risk factors for the condition. Such youngsters also produce impaired amounts of the hormone leptin, the research adds. Leptin is involved in regulating appetite. These results remained even after the study's participant's activity levels were taken into account, the study found. Study author Dr Claire Nightingale from St George's, University of London, said: 'Our findings suggest that reducing screen time may be beneficial in reducing type 2 diabetes risk factors, in both boys and girls, from an early age. 'This is particularly relevant, given rising levels of type 2 diabetes, the early emergence of type 2 diabetes risk, and recent trends suggesting screen-related activities are increasing in childhood.' The researchers analysed 4,495 children aged between nine and 10 years old. The children were assessed for factors that influence their risk of developing diabetes. Their body proportions, activity levels and the amount of time they spend in front of a screen - either watching television or using a computer - every day were also recorded. 'Watching TV is mentally and physically sedentary behaviour' The study's lead author Isabelle Simonato said: 'Watching TV is mentally and physically sedentary behaviour because it does not require sustained effort. 'We hypothesized that when toddlers watch too much TV it encourages them to be sedentary, and if they learn to prefer effortless leisure activities at a very young age, they likely won't think much of non-leisure ones, like school, when they're older.' Previous research has raised concerns about the effect of screen time in very young children, which can include sleeplessness and unhappiness. The latest study asked children's parents how much television they watched aged two, and the children themselves about their diet aged 13. The results suggest food adverts at a young age may have an effect, with children who watched television more likely to eat sweet and salty snacks, as well as French fries and desserts. For every hour they spent watching television aged two, the teenagers had a body mass index (BMI) approximately 16 per cent higher. Children brought up in front of the screen may miss out on outdoor games and social interaction, the authors suggest. The study, published in the journal Preventive Medicine, also found children who watched more television were more likely to skip breakfast and were less engaged at school. 'Rewarding distraction via entertainment will influence a young person's commitment to school' Professor Linda Pagani, a co-author from the University of Montreal, said: 'In preschool, parents use screen time as a reward and as a distraction. They establish quiet 'idling' at a teachable moment when children could actually be learning self-control. 'Using distraction as a reward to help children behave in situations where they should be learning self-control sets them on a trajectory where they will seek out distraction when faced with demands for cognitive effort. 'Rewarding distraction and low mental effort via entertainment will later influence a young person's commitment to school and perseverance in their studies.' Every hour in front of the television aged two was linked with a nine per cent decrease in teenagers' engagement with school. There are no official guidelines for how much screen time children should have in the UK, but the American Academy of Pediatrics has reduced the amount of daily viewing from two hours a day to one a day for children between ages two and five. Professor Pagani said: 'This study tells us that overindulgent lifestyle habits begin in early childhood and seem to persist throughout the life course. 'An effortless existence creates health risks. For our society that means a bigger health care burden associated with obesity and lack of cardiovascular fitness.' 
963855120797663233	2018-02-14 19:19:03	https://t.co/MkMbuFsMRy	Sugar content slashes conception rate by more than 30%, study finds https://t.co/MkMbuFsMRy	 Consuming just one fizzy drink a day reduces couples' chances of conceiving by more than 30 percent, new research suggests. Men who drink at least one sugary soda a day reduce their chances of fathering a child by 33 percent, a study found. Women who drink just one sugar-sweetened fizzy beverage a day are 25 percent less likely to become pregnant in any given month, the research adds. Previous research suggests eggs and embryos may fail to thrive in high blood glucose environments. Sugar has also been linked to erectile dysfunction in men. Lead author Professor Elizabeth Hatch from Boston University, said: 'We found positive associations between intake of sugar-sweetened beverages and lower fertility, which were consistent after controlling for many other factors, including obesity, caffeine intake, alcohol, smoking and overall diet quality. 'Couples planning a pregnancy might consider limiting their consumption of these beverages, especially because they are also related to other adverse health effects.' Infertility affects around 11 percent of women and nine percent of men of a reproductive age in the US. Women could increase their chances of getting pregnant by using a 100-year-old fertility technique, according to research released in May 2017. The procedure, which involves flushing a woman's Fallopian tubes with poppy seed oil was first used in 1917 and has significant fertility benefits, the study found. Results revealed almost 40 percent of previously infertile women conceived within six months of trying the unconventional procedure. The researchers are unsure as to how the oil-based poppy-extract solution improves women's fertility prospects, but add it could be a cost-effective alternative to expensive IVF. Known as the H2Oil study, global researchers led by the University of Adelaide's Robinson Research Institute compared the benefits of flushing the Fallopian tubes with either an oil or water-based solution in 1,119 women. Of those in the water group, 29 percent achieved successful pregnancies within six months. The oil-based product used in the study was Lipiodol Ultra-Fluid, which is an iodized solution of fatty acids from poppy seeds. It is available in 47 countries worldwide. Diet drinks do not cause infertility Results further reveal no link between fruit juices or diet drinks and fertility as these do not contain added sugar. The researchers wrote: 'Given the high levels of sugar-sweetened beverages consumed by reproductive-aged couples in North America, these findings could have important implications.' They analysed 3,828 women and 1,045 of their male partners, who enrolled in the study between June 2013 and May 2017, and were followed until pregnancy or up to 12 menstrual cycles. The couples were not using fertility treatments and had only been trying to conceive for six months or less. Both the male and female participants completed a food questionnaire that covered their intake over the past four weeks, including their soda, fruit juice and energy drink consumption. Every two months for up to a year or until they became pregnant, the women were asked if they were expecting. The findings were published in the journal Epidemiology. Consuming sugary drinks during IVF cuts the chances of conceiving This comes after research released in October 2017 suggested women who consume sugary drinks while having IVF cut their chances of conceiving. Drinking more than one sugary beverage a day reduces a woman's chance of having a live birth after IVF by 16 percent, a Harvard University study found. Having just one sugary drink a day lowers the chance of successful IVF by 12 percent, the research adds. Sugary drinks also reduce the number and maturity of a woman's ovarian cells, as well as lowering her amount of high-quality embryos, the study found. The one question doctors should ask to determine a woman's fertility Earlier this month, researchers revealed the one question doctors should ask to determine a woman's fertility. According to scientists, asking hopeful mothers 'have you ever been sexually active for a year or more without using contraception and become pregnant?' is the most effective way of assessing their chances of conceiving. The researchers also found failing to become pregnant within a year of trying is associated with worse baby outcomes if women do eventually conceive, the study by George Mason University found. These include infants being born underweight or having a small head circumference, which is linked to developmental delays, seizures and difficulty swallowing. By asking pregnant women about their past conception successes, doctors can predict the health of their unborn children, according to the researchers. 
963850108931584001	2018-02-14 18:59:08	https://t.co/ZH839Tu9Gq	Experts recommend walking up and down stairs to lower blood pressure and strengthen leg muscles https://t.co/ZH839Tu9Gq	 Something as simple as climbing up 192 stairs, a few times a day, can help lower blood pressure and strengthen leg muscles, a new study shows. This could be especially useful for women who are unable or can't afford to go to a gym. This could help fight the negative effects of the menopause, which often raises blood pressure and results in smaller muscles because of lower oestrogen. A study from Menopause, the journal of The North American Menopause Society (NAMS), looked at postmenopausal Korean women, who also suffered from hypertension, or high blood pressure. The women were given a stair-climbing training regime, where they had to climb 192 steps four times a week, and up to five times a day 'This study shows how simple lifestyle changes can reduce the effects of menopause' At the end of the 12-week research period, the women had lowered their blood pressure significantly, as well as increasing their leg strength. 'This study demonstrates how simple lifestyle interventions, such as stair climbing can be effective in reducing the negative effects of menopause,' Dr JoAnn Pinkerton said, who is the executive director of the North American Menopause society. The results of this study may open up a door for women to fight the effects of menopause in their homes who don't otherwise have access to reliable ways to exercise. For example, high-intensity resistance training (short bursts of intense, muscle-building activity), although effective at building muscle, may actually exacerbate high blood pressure. Even those without hypertension may feel that the expense, time and travel required to go to a gym are too much, or feel embarrassed about exercising in a public space, in a youth-oriented environment. The good news is that exercise can be undertaken easily at home to reduce the negative effects associated with the menopause. Managing the menopause Previous studies have shown that there are other ways to mitigate the effects the menopause can have on the mind and body. The risk of depression, for example, is doubled as a woman's reproductive hormones decline between the ages of 45 and 60. According to a recent study, women experiencing menopause can prevent these depressive symptoms with hormone therapy. The research, from the University of North Carolina, found that a year of hormone therapy was more effective than a placebo at preventing the onset of these depressive symptoms, however. Previous research showed that hormone therapy can help ease the symptoms of depression, while this study was the first of its kind to find that the same treatment can be taken preventatively to help women dodge depression entirely. Menopause, which commonly strikes women in their late 40s and early 50s, can cause depression, hot flushes, headaches and night sweats. Long term, it can also cause bone disease and memory loss. Hormone replacement therapy (HRT) tackles these symptoms by replacing the female sex hormones - oestrogen and progestogen - as the body stops producing them. But while it can transform the lives of many women, studies have shown that there may be an increased risk of breast cancer and heart disease from HRT. As a result, many women no longer accept HRT treatment and some doctors will not prescribe it. It was however noted by the Woman's Health Concern (WHC) that one of the American studies used women in their mid-sixties who were often overweight as subjects, and these are unrepresentative of women in the UK. Furthermore, a controlled trial from Denmark reported in 2012 has demonstrated that healthy women taking combined HRT for 10 years immediately after the menopause had a reduced risk of heart disease and of dying from heart disease, contradicting the reports of the earlier studies. The WHC says HRT is safe provided it is taken for the correct reasons, i.e. to alleviate the symptoms of the menopause, and at the minimum effective dose. Source: WHC 
963845054212263936	2018-02-14 18:39:02	https://t.co/vRnEKE6qa7	World chess body has bank accounts frozen over Russian millionaire president's 'financial dealings with ISIS' https://t.co/vRnEKE6qa7	 The world governing body of chess will have its bank accounts frozen over its president's alleged financial dealings with Bashar al-Assad's Syrian regime. The World Chess Federation (FIDE) said UBS was closing its accounts 'immediately' after the Swiss bank lost patience with its failure to depose Russian millionaire Kirsan Ilyumzhinov. Mr Ilyumzhinov was placed on a US sanctions list in November 2015 for 'materially assisting and acting for or on behalf of the Government of Syria'. According to a letter posted on FIDE's website by its treasurer, Adrian Siegel, UBS initially allowed the organisation to maintain its accounts because Ilyumzhinov had given assurances that he would soon be removed from the sanctions list. 'Now however, after more than two years of Kirsan Ilyumzhinov's presence on the sanctions list of the US Department of the Treasury, the Swiss bank UBS has announced that they will immediately close our accounts,' the letter said. Siegel confirmed the document's authenticity in an email to AFP. 'Kirsan Ilyumzhinov's problems severely damage FIDE's business activities and we have to look for a new bank connection,' the letter added, describing the situation as a 'serious problem'. Siegel's letter noted that Ilyumzhinov had been removed from FIDE's 'legal, financial and business operations' since December of 2015. But this does did not appear to have satisfied the concerns of UBS. UBS told The Telegraph that it does not comment 'on whether individuals or organizations are clients of UBS', but that it follows 'all laws and regulations that are applicable to us'. According to the BBC, Mr Ilymuzhinov's defence team said in a statement that he denied the 'outrageous and false allegations made against him' and said he was 'not aware that Fide's bank accounts have been frozen by UBS'. Mr Ilyumzhinov said the claims were part of a 'smear campaign related to a power struggle' at the organisation ahead of the elections later this year. The businessman, a former leader of Russia's Buddhist Kalmykia region, is no stranger to controversy and is perhaps best known for claiming to have encountered aliens. David Kramaley, founder of chess learning site, chessable.com said: 'This kind of turmoil at the top of chess has got to stop for the good of the game. The game needs stable leadership.' 
963840029025071106	2018-02-14 18:19:04	https://t.co/C5r9urt3wT	Baffled doctors discover a Portuguese woman has 2 ANAL CANALS https://t.co/C5r9urt3wT	 Doctors have told of their surprise after discovering a Portuguese woman they were examining had two anal canals. The unidentified patient was referred to specialists after enduring two abscesses on her bottom, which both required 'drainage'. Upon closer inspection, medics in Figueria da Foz - 87 miles (140km) south of Porto, saw two holes leaving her anus - instead of the usual one. The 40-year-old woman refused numerous offers of surgery to correct her defect, which medics say she would have been born with. Proctologists - specialists in anal health - were so intrigued by the bizarre case that they decided to publish it in a medical journal. Writing in the Journal of Medical Cases, they revealed anal canal duplication is 'the most uncommon' malformation of the digestive tract. They wrote: 'This case is of particular importance because of its rarity. Around 60 cases of ACD are currently described worldwide. 'Our patient was diagnosed at the age of 40 years, constituting one of the most elderly patient diagnosed with ACD.' They revealed that 'diagnosis is usually made in the first year of life by caregivers', stressing it is unusual for it to be discovered in adults. Faecal matter passes through the anal canal, which connects directly to the rectum - where waste is stored before it leaves the body. The tube, which is roughly 4cm-long, is the last part of the gastrointestinal tract. Medical literature states around 60 cases of anal canal duplication have been recorded across the world. Humans are meant to be born with just one canal, and a duplication is deemed to be the 'mots uncommon' malformation of the digestive tract. If the duplication connects to the rectum, then, in theory, the patient would be able to pass waste through both orifices. Faecal matter passes through the anal canal, which connects directly to the rectum - where waste is stored before it leaves the body. In theory, the woman could have been able to excrete through both, if her second canal linked to the rectal wall, which it didn't. Instead, doctors revealed the 'tubular and cul-de-sac' shaped orifice, separated from the other canal by just skin, was just 3cm deep and 1cm wide. Hospital Distrital da Figueira da Foz explained how the woman came to them after she reported two anal abscesses that needed surgically draining in the past year. She was referred for a consultation with proctologists, led by Dr Jessica Neves - despite no longer having any painful pus-filled lumps. Examination revealed the two orifices, and medical scans to help doctors identify the problem confirmed it was a duplication of the anal canal. Doctors asked the patient if she wished to undergo surgery to correct her defect at the time, but she refused. Seven years later she returned to the same clinic complaining of a new abscess on her bottom and was again offered surgery. However, she again declined. 
963835017934843908	2018-02-14 17:59:10	https://t.co/JVaK8C8j8X	The five unexpected tricks you need to beat sleep anxiety https://t.co/JVaK8C8j8X	 If your overactive mind keeps you awake in the small hours, you could have a condition called sleep anxiety that unfortunately gets worse the less shut eye you get - but there are tricks you can use to nip it in the bud. In a special report on sleep in the latest issue of Women's Health magazine experts have revealed the rather quirky ways to melt away the worries that keep you up in the night. If you regularly miss out on sleep it activates the brain's worry centre, which makes it harder to sleep that can in turn lead to psychophysiological insomnia where you're so worried about not getting enough rest that you can't get to sleep. Here are the tricks you need to calm that overactive mind so that you wake up feeling refreshed after your eight hours. 1. CALM YOUR MUSCLES You need a slow, even pulse – under 60 beats per minute – to usher your body into unconsciousness, which means convincing those unbidden but seemingly relentless racing thoughts to slow down. Try calming your muscles by starting at your feet and working upwards, tensing and relaxing each area for a few seconds until you get to the top of your head. This technique makes you aware of what both strain and rest feel like throughout your body and signals to your muscle groups that it’s time for sleep. Psychophysiological insomnia is the most common type of insomnia. It's caused by stress and not by medical conditions, substance abuse or other mental disorders. Its main feature is an intense sense of worry and anxiety surrounding getting to sleep. This worry prepares the body for the fight-or-flight response, releasing cortisol and adrenaline and increasing heartbeat, breath and muscle tension, which makes you even less likely to fall asleep. If the cause of insomnia is psychological, cognitive behavioural psychotherapy can help. Source: Counselling Directory 2. MAKE NOTES Before your go to bed jot down your top three stressors with an action item for each. Just acknowledging them stops unproductive ruminating, allowing your mind to switch off, but make you don't do this anywhere near your bed. 3. GET INTIMATE Having an orgasm can help you sleep by releasing the hormone oxytocin, which counteracts stress hormones, as well as serotonin and norepinephrine to help your body cycle through the deeper stages of slow-wave and REM. 4. USE A WEIGHTED BLANKET The pressure can trigger your brain to pump out soothing neurotransmitters, akin to being on the receiving end of a proper good hug. 5. SOOTHE YOURSELF WITH TUNES The most soporific songs have a consistent rhythm of 50 to 60 beats per minute and will encourage listeners’ heart rates will gradually slow to match it. They're also five minutes or longer, and have no catchy refrain to keep your brain engaged, according to a study by Mindlab International, who claim the perfect mix of these attributes can reduce anxiety by 65 per cent. This research resulted in a wordless eight-minute melody called Weightless by the band Marconi Union – it sounds like the love child of a classic spa tune and an outer-space movie score. 
963829116494663685	2018-02-14 17:35:43	https://t.co/puctgrzOb7	Baby girl could save her critically ill elder sibling's life with the help of blood from her umbilical cord https://t.co/puctgrzOb7	 This is the touching moment a critically ill girl in China met and held her newborn sister who was born to save her life. The younger sibling had been conceived so that the blood from her umbilical cord could be transplanted to her five-year-old sister, who suffers from a rare blood disorder. The blood in a newborn baby's umbilical cord contains an abundant of stem cells, which can turn into any form of blood cells when harvested. The elder sister, named Sun Lexuan from the city of Linyi, was diagnosed with aplastic anemia in 2015 at the age of three. Aplastic anaemia is a rare and serious condition affecting the blood, which sees the patient's bone marrow and stem cells not being able to produce enough blood cells, according to NHS. The best treatment for the condition is a bone marrow transplant, especially using the stem cells from a sibling who is a tissue match. Lexuan did not have any brothers or sisters, which made the treatment challenging. However, thanks to her little sister, Sun Yiwei, Lexuan is now able to get a stem cell transplant through Yiwei's umbilical cord blood. Stem cells from cord blood are more adaptable than bone marrow stem cells, according to Cord Blood Banking. This means cord blood cells do not require the donor to have an exact match in tissue type with the patient. Cord blood cells are abundant in immature stem cells which can develop into white blood cells, red blood cells and even platelets. Umbilical cords are just one of three sources for these cells, and have become more popular in recent years. The set of heart-warming pictures were taken when the baby, Yiwei, was about two weeks old. Lexuan can be seen in the picture caressing her saviour sibling with love in the Jinan Military General Hospital where she is being treated. Her little sister was born in the same hospital on January 19. Her cord blood was collected right after she was born. According to a report on Chinese news website Sina.com, shortly after Lexuan was diagnosed with aplastic anaemia three years ago, doctors were able to stablise her condition using Antilymphocyte Globulin, which is serum from blood that contains anti-bodies that bind to human T cells. However, to ensure their daughter could be cured, Lexuan's parents decided to have another baby, so that the baby's umbilical cord blood could be collected for a later transplant. Last October when Lexuan's mother was six months pregnant, Lexuan's condition suddenly became worse. A timely bone marrow transplant was not possible because either of her parents were fit to donate their bone marrow. Lexuan's father, whose tissue type is a half match with Lexuan, had been diagnosed with spondylitis ankylosans, a long-term condition in which the spine and other areas of the body become inflamed; while her mother was pregnant. Luckily, the arrival of Yiwei brought hope and joy to the family, who had lived under pressure due to Lexuan's illness. The transplant has been schedule to take place after the Lunar Chinese New Year. 
963824935469830147	2018-02-14 17:19:06	https://t.co/p4izsEnujw	Astonishing WWI film shows a German counter-offensive during the Battle of the Somme https://t.co/p4izsEnujw	 Described as the bloodiest moment of the most brutal conflict, the Battle of the Somme claimed so many lives it became synonymous with the First World War itself. Some 1.2 million fell in the blood-stained fields as the Allied forces pushed forwards into a hailstorm of German machine gun rounds and explosives. Grave footage captures the moment German soldiers rushed through trenches and over No Man's Land during the Battle of the Somme as the Kaiser's men launched a daring counter-offensive against British and French troops. Capturing the bloodiest moments of an unsparing war, the video taken in 1916 shows soldiers running across the the barren fields of northern France as shells go off all around them - sending debris hurtling skyward. Resurfacing this week, more than 100 years since one of histories most sanguinary campaigns, the footage shows young men darting through trenches in fear. The men can then be seen darting through trenches in an attempt to get out of the shelling area before the next one hits, with some fleeing into shell craters in a desperate attempt to save their own lives. The Battle of the Somme is widely considered the deadliest battle of the First World War, with some estimates placing the number of British casualties at 400,000. The battle revolved around an Allied offensive against the Germans in northern France, where they hoped to break the German line and push them back. However Allied tactics were hopelessly outdated, failing to adapt to the machine guns that were being used en-masse by the Germans. It is said that lines upon lines of Allied troops, expecting that their five day artillery bombardment had wiped out the German trenches, were simply mown down by German machine guns as they advanced toward the German position, with little or no plan as to what to do next. The Somme was the first-time air power and tanks had been used effectively in battle, driving up the number of casualties significantly. Around half of all those killed are thought to have been from the German empire, with Britain also suffering its worst ever day militarily on the opening day of the battle, where they sustained more than 57,000 casualties. Accounts from soldiers there during the battle were particularly brutal, such as this one from German officer Aspirant Brachat: 'When the English approached our dugout, I yelled [at my men] 'Get out! Face the enemy.' It was standing by the entrance when I was wounded by hand grenades. 'Our dugout caught fire. I stood between the English and the burning dugout where the stocked-up ammunition had exploded. There was a lot of crying out and screaming, as many of my dear comrades suffocated or were burned to death. My only wish was to escape.' The battle consisted of an offensive by the British and French armies against the German Army, which, since invading France in August 1914, had occupied large areas of that country. The Allies gained little ground over the four month battle - just five miles in total by the end. The battle is controversial because of the tactics employed and is significant as tanks were used for the first time. The Battle of the Somme took place between 1 July and 18 November 1916 in the Somme area of France. On the first day of fighting the British lost more than 19,000 men and 420,000 in total. Sixty per cent of all officers involved on the first day were killed. The battle eventually came to an end on November 18 1916 after a British offensive, with both sides choosing to focus on enduring the weather from their current position rather than attempt to push the opposition back further. By the time fighting ceased there were more than 1 million casualties, including 650,000 Germans. In the event, which is widely accepted to have sparked the outbreak of World War One, Archduke Franz Ferdinand - the nephew of Emperor Franz Joseph and heir to the Austro-Hungarian Empire - was shot dead. He was assassinated in Sarajevo, the capital of Bosnia and Herzegovina, along with his Serbian wife, Sophie, on June 28, 1914. Eventually killed by 19-year-old Gavrilo Princip, the couple had earlier that day been attacked by another man who threw a grenade at their car. Archduke Ferdinand was shot in the neck, while his wife was hit in the abdomen. The assassination is believed to have started a domino effect which led to the break out of World War One a month later. Princip and others wanted Bosnia to become part of Serbia. Austria-Hungary, like many in countries around the world, blamed the Serbian government for the attack and hoped to use the incident as justification for settling the question of Slav nationalism once and for all. As Russia supported Serbia, an Austro-Hungarian declaration of war was delayed until its leaders received assurances from German leader Kaiser Wilhelm that Germany would support their cause in the event of a Russian intervention–which would likely involve Russia’s ally, France, and possibly Britain as well. On July 28, Austria-Hungary declared war on Serbia, and the tenuous peace between Europe’s great powers collapsed. Within a week, Russia, Belgium, France, Great Britain and Serbia had lined up against Austria-Hungary and Germany, and World War One had begun. Artillery units of Austria-Hungary began to rain down shells on Belgrade, the Serbian capital - the very first shots of World War One. That attack was to start a chain reaction that, within weeks, embroiled all of the world's great powers into a global war which mobilised more than 70 million military personnel. The Great War - as it was soon to be known - was the first military conflict to be fought on an industrial scale. But the technological advances that led to increases in the lethality of weapons were not matched by changes in strategy, with both sides resorting to practically suicidal human wave attacks. Although much of the warfare took place in Europe, battle was soon joined across the planet via the colonies of the European imperial powers. By 1918, the powers of Central Europe were exhausted by fighting. A final last-ditch offensive along the Western Front by Germany was successfully repelled and, as U.S. forces began to enter the trenches, the Allies staged a series of successful advances, forcing the enemy to surrender on November 11. 
963822411127971841	2018-02-14 17:09:04	https://t.co/1a9FOgv8Jb	Landlord is cleared of aiding terrorists after renting flat to two ISIS gunman involved in the 2015 Paris attacks https://t.co/1a9FOgv8Jb	 A man who rented a flat to two of the Islamist gunmen involved in the November 2015 Paris attacks was cleared on charges of aiding terrorists on Wednesday. The attackers, Abdelhamid Abaaoud and Chakib Akrouh, hid in Jawad Bendaoud's flat after they and a group of other gunmen and suicide bombers killed 130 people on November 13, 2015. A Paris court ruled on Wednesday there was no proof that Bendaoud knew he was dealing with two of the Nov 13 attackers when he let them use the squat for 150 euros. Abaaoud and Akrouh died in a police raid on the apartment in the suburb of Saint-Denis on Nov. 18, 2015. Bendaoud's arrest was broadcast live on TV at the time. He pleaded his innocence in front of TV cameras before being taken away by police. In a video that went viral after the assaults, Bendaoud insisted he did not know that Abaaoud and Akrouh were wanted by police. 'Someone asked me for a favour, I helped them out,' he said. Prosecutors had acknowledged that Bendaoud did not necessarily immediately realise he was dealing with two of the Paris attackers. Bendaoud behaved unusually in court where he colourfully protested his innocence: 'I may go one day to hell,' he said. 'But it won't be for helping terrorists because I did not know they were terrorists.' But they had nevertheless argued that he should be sentenced to four years in jail on a charge of providing safe haven to terrorists. The attacks in Paris on the night of 13 November 2015 was carried out by gunmen and suicide bombers who almost simultaneously targeted a concert hall, a sports stadium, restaurants and bars, leaving hundreds wounded in addition to those killed. In other developments in the Paris court, two other defendants were convicted and sentenced to prison on Wednesday. Youssef Aitboulahcen, the brother of a woman killed in the police raid on the Saint Denis flat, was sentenced to four years in jail for failing to alert authorities about a terror plot. Mr Bendaoud's friend Mohamed Soumah, accused of being an intermediary, was also imprisoned for five years. The only surviving person alleged to have played a role in the Paris attacks, Salah Abdeslam, is on trial in Belgium on charges linked to his arrest there in 2016. He is not expected to go on trial in France until at least 2020. The only surviving man suspected of being involved in the attacks on Paris cafes and restaurants and the Stade de France stadium, Salah Abdeslam, is being prosecuted in Brussels ahead of a trial in France.
963819902246277126	2018-02-14 16:59:06	https://t.co/MY1BXmfmhp	Scientists REVERSE Alzheimer's in middle-aged mice https://t.co/MY1BXmfmhp	 Scientists have successfully reversed Alzheimer's in a middle-aged lab mouse - using the same method as a major clinical trial in humans which was called off yesterday. The team at Cleveland Clinic admitted they were 'shocked' when their attempts to reduce amyloid plaque in mice completely eradicated the dangerous build-ups that slowly cripple the brain. They claim their tests on a 20-month-old mouse - equivalent to a 50-year-old human - show it could be possible to halt the disease if it is caught decades earlier than usual. Lead author Riqiang Yan envisions a future when these enzymes, known as BACE1 inhibitors, could be available as a vitamin that all humans take preventatively to stave off neurodegenerative disease. However, just hours before Yan's paper was published today, Merck announced it had pulled the plug on its phase 3 clinical trial in early- and mid-stage Alzheimer's patients using this same inhibitor after an interim review found more risks than benefits. Already aware of the Merck failure, Yan told Daily Mail Online last night that he still believes BACE1 is the answer to preventing and treating Alzheimer's. 'We were surprised it worked so well, we saw complete reversal,' Yan, who will start as chair of the department of neuroscience at the University of Connecticut this spring, said. 'To our knowledge, this is the first observation of such a dramatic reversal of amyloid deposition in any study of Alzheimer's disease mouse models.' BACE1 helps produce beta-amyloid peptide by cleaving amyloid precursor protein. Drugs that inhibit BACE1 are therefore being developed as potential Alzheimer's disease treatments. Merck & Co Inc was widely tipped to be a frontrunner in the global race to find a treatment for the incurable neurodegenerative disease - and in doing so, earn billions. But the once-exciting trial has slowly spluttered to a halt: the firm shelved a similar trial of the same drug Verubecestat in late-stage patients last year, but had hoped it could work in early or mid-stage sufferers. On Tuesday, executives were forced to admit defeat, dealing an ominous forewarning to the four other major pharmaceutical companies which have bet big on this inhibitor, BACE1, to treat the disease. Verubecestat belongs to a class of experimental Alzheimer's drugs called BACE1 inhibitors that target an enzyme involved in the formation of the toxic amyloid protein that turns into plaques in the brains of Alzheimer's patients. In Merck's trial, patients were given either a placebo, or 12mg or 40mg of verubecestat, once a day. However, because BACE1 controls many important processes by cleaving proteins other than APP, these drugs could have serious side effects. In many trials, mice completely lacking BACE1 suffer severe neurodevelopmental defects. To investigate whether inhibiting BACE1 in adults might be less harmful, Yan and colleagues generated mice that gradually lose this enzyme as they grow older. To their surprise, the mice developed normally and appeared to remain perfectly healthy over time. 'If we can show the compound is safe, it would be available for preventative measures. 'BACE inhibitors can function like a vitamin, you could give it out to people early on and people could take it comfortably for years. 'Our tests on a 20-month-old mouse found no side effects, now we have to look at a much older mouse to see if this can work in later stages of disease.' The findings could be a game changer for the pharmaceutical industry, which has had a rough ride with BACE1 inhibitors - although some analysts claim Merck's failure suggests we are barking up the wrong tree. On Tuesday, Merck announced in a statement that it has pulled the plug on a trial with patients given either a placebo, or 12mg or 40mg of verubecestat, once a day. Roche did away with BACE1 inhibitors in 2013. Eli Lilly also dropped the method in 2013, but a year later joined forces with AstraZeneca to try another version in early-stage patients, a similar age to the mice tested in Yan's new study. That is now in phase 3 clinical trials. Biogen and Eisai are also in advanced clinical trials testing a similar but subtly different BACE inhibitor - E2609 - in early-stage patients. Meanwhile, Amgen and Novartis are testing a BACE inhibitor known as CNP520, which they are testing on people at-risk of Alzheimer's, to see if it could work preventatively. The race has been high-powered and fast-paced for years, but with so many trials in late stages - and Merck's most promising trial now out of the question - there is palpable excitement at who will be the next front-runner to score the jackpot and make a fortune. 
963814853348651008	2018-02-14 16:39:02	https://t.co/6VfXd7tp1G	Tens of thousands of Haitians party in the street for colourful annual carnival https://t.co/6VfXd7tp1G	 Tens of thousands of Haitians have taken to the streets to join the parades and watching their favorite musicians perform during the annual carnival. The capital Port-au-Prince has been filled with revellers and dance troupes for the past three days, with floats and performers ruling the streets of the city. However, the festivities have been marred by revelations that staff working for British charity Oxfam in Haiti in the wake of the 2010 earthquake had paid local women for sex. Oxfam has neither confirmed nor denied allegations that aid workers engaged in 'orgies' with prostitutes, but has said an internal investigation in 2011 had confirmed sexual misconduct had occurred. This week, Haiti's President Jovenel Moise condemned Oxfam, saying that 'what transpired is a violation of basic human decency' and he would not tolerate support from charities whose staff exploited communities. 'There is nothing more shameful than a sexual predator using the veil of catastrophe as a means to exploit the vulnerable in their most defenceless moments,' he said in a statement. The allegations has not put a stop the the carnival, Haiti's largest cultural event of the year, which brings together Haitians from all economic and social backgrounds. The name of the carnival for this year in Haitian creole is 'Ayiti sou wout chanjman', meaning 'Haiti on the road to change'. 'Whether rich or poor, we dance to the same songs by the same bands,' said Carel Pedre, an animator who runs a website compiling carnival 'meringue' music 'If we united like this all year round, Haiti would already be a developed country.' 
963812282584231936	2018-02-14 16:28:49	https://t.co/5lUHe6ZTz2	Youtube and Instagram face ban in Russia over videos of oligarch Oleg Deripaska and a senior minister https://t.co/5lUHe6ZTz2	 Instagram and YouTube may be blocked in Russia unless videos that allegedly show the Deputy Prime Minister meeting an oligarch linked to Donald Trump's presidential campaign and discussing the US on a luxury yacht are removed. Billionaire Oleg Deripaska and Deputy Prime Minister Sergei Prikhodko were reportedly filmed by an escort on Deripaska's private yacht in 2016, which the Russian opposition, led by Alexei Navalny, claim is evidence of corruption and bribery. In one video, the two men can be heard referring to 'bad relations with America' and 'Nuland', referring to Victoria Nuland, the then Assistant Secretary of State for European and Eurasian affairs in the Obama administration. A Russian court has now ruled that the videos and images must be removed from the social media platforms, because they invade Deripaska's privacy. Scroll down for video Deripaska won an order from the Ust-Labinsk district court in his native Krasnodar region which ordered 14 Instagram posts and seven YouTube videos that 'breach his right to privacy' must be removed, according to BloombergQuint. Both YouTube and Instagram have yet to respond to the ruling. As it is not possible for internet providers to block specific pages on Instagram and YouTube, the entire sites may be blacklisted in Russia, a spokesperson for the Russian Association for Electronic Communications told the BBC. Navalny claims that the videos allegedly showing Miss Rybka, Deripaska and Prikhodo, are evidence of government corruption and has refused to take down the videos. Navalny quoted public records suggesting that Prikhodko spent several days on the yacht and was flown there by Deripaska's private jet. He also speculates whether the meeting had anything to do with the Trump presidential campaign, specifically Deripaska's reported links to former Campaign Chairman Paul Manafort. A spokesman for Deripaska rejected Navalny's report, saying: 'These scandalous and mendacious assumptions are driven by sensationalism and we totally refute these outrageous false allegations in the strongest possible way.' According to a letter posted online by Navalny's team on Monday, Google warned him to remove the material from his YouTube channel or face being blocked. Russian communications watchdog Roskomnadzor, gave YouTube and Instagram until the end of Tuesday to delete the material or face censure. As of Wednesday evening, it appeared that the offending Instagram and YouTube posts from Anastasiya Vashukevich, a woman working as an escort under the name Nastya Rybka, had been removed. However the pictures and footage can still be seen on the YouTube channel of Mr Navalny. The 25-minute video has been viewed almost five million times. Miss Rybka, who has written a book about working as an escort, claims to have had an affair with Deripaska and says she was hired to spend time on the oligarch's yacht. Miss Rybka, originally from Belarus but now based in Dubai, posted several videos in August 2016 showing Deripaska on his yacht talking with Deputy Prime minister Prikhodko. The videos were only picked up by Mr Navalny on February 8 as part of an investigation. In one snippet, Deripaska explains to Miss Rybka why relations between Russia and the United States are so bad. 'We've got bad relations with America. Why? Because the friend of Sergey Eduardovich [Prikhodko], Nuland is her name, is responsible for them. When she was young, she spent a month on a Russian whaling boat, and after this, she hates the country. On Tuesday, Miss Rybka had put it to a vote among her Instagram followers, who, she claims, convinced her not to take down the videos and pictures. However as of Wednesday, she appears to have deleted the offending images and videos. Deripaska filed suit after Mr Navlny’s investigation and accused My Rybka of illegally using private images. Roskomnadzor, the government’s media watchdog, gave YouTube and Instagram three days to take the videos down or be investigated. It also ordered YouTube to take down Mr Navalny’s video, which was still online on Wednesday and had attracted five million views. YouTube told the New York Times that it hadn’t figured out how to react. But Mr Navaly called on both YouTube and Instagram to resist the Russian government’s demands in an interview with The Times. Last week, several media outlets were also ordered to redact reports that initially picked up on Mr Navalny's report. They all complied as of Wednesday, according to Interfax, the Russian news agency. Deripaska is a controversial figure who has been linked to both Russian President Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump's campaign manager Paul Manafort. Manafort offered to provide briefings on the US Presidential race to Deripaska, according to a Washington Post report from September although there is no evidence such briefings ever took place. In 2014, Deripaska accused Manafort of owing him nearly $19 million in a Cayman Islands court. In 2008, he was at the centre of a British political scandal, when it emerged that then-Shadow Chancellor George Osborne, Lord Peter Mandelson and banking heir Nat Rothschild had all spent an evening on his yacht Queen K in Corfu in August. Mr Navalny, on the other hand, is banned from running in next month’s presidential election in Russia. He is known for probing the behaviour of well-known Russian figures. Oleg Deripaska, who is said to be a close ally of Russian President Vladimir Putin, is considered one of Russia 's wealthiest men. Born in 1968 in the city of Dzerzhinsk, some 250 miles east of Moscow, Deripaska attended the School of Physics at Moscow State University before graduating from Moscow's School of Economics at Plekhanov Academy of Economics. He went on to establish himself in the domestic metals industry and in 2008, Forbes magazine listed Deripaska as the ninth-richest man in the world, worth about $28 billion. But when the financial crisis hit he almost went bankrupt before bouncing back - with the help of the Kremlin, according to some reports. In 2016, Forbes ranked Deripaska as Russia's 41st wealthiest man. He hit the headlines in 2017 when he was found to have ties with Paul Manfort, President Donald Trump's former campaign chairman. A report claimed $26million was transferred from Oguster Management Ltd – a company owned by Deripaska – to Yiakora Ventures Ltd - entities linked to Manafort. Manafort denied that any business he did with Deripaska a decade ago was related to helping the Russian government. British peer Lord Mandelson is also an intimate friend of Deripaska, having in 2005 famously joined him in a 'Banya' — a traditional sauna in which they were thrashed with bunches of birch twigs by a 25-year-old man, before jumping into freezing water. Deripaska also hosted Lord Mandelson on his super-yacht, where the pair holidayed alongside Nat Rothschild, then shadow chancellor George Osborne and Tory fund-raiser Andrew Feldman in Corfu in 2008. 
963809839125233665	2018-02-14 16:19:07	https://t.co/OCTEOGuWvo	BMW driver's brainless overtake on an icy motorway sees him lose control and send a lorry smashing onto its side https://t.co/OCTEOGuWvo	 Heart-stopping footage captures the moment a truck is pushed off the road by a BMW 4x4 driver attempting a brainless overtake on an icy road. The incredibly narrow miss was captured on camera after the overtaking driver lost control and slammed his 4x4 into the speeding lorry. The clip shows the HGV go careering off the road and tip over on the snowy verge in the treeline. Scroll down for video Incredibly, just seconds later six other drivers pull over to help the unfortunate driver who thankfully survived unharmed. The 4x4 that lost control also pulled over safely ahead while others attended to the truck driver. Taking place on the highway between Moscow and Nizhniy Novgorod, a white BMW is also filmed braking suddenly and rushing to the rescue. Vasily Fetodov caught the incident on his dashcam and says he was so surprised he didn't have time to react to the accident. The footage has emerged just a day after a speeding Bentley Continental GT was filmed smashing into another 4x4 in Old Amersham, Buckinghamshire. The car was filmed suddently appearing from nowhere and smashes into a 4X4 spinning the vehicle 360 degrees into a garden wall. The dramatic 85mph collision, captured in this terrifying dash cam footage, happened along a 20mph road in picturesque Old Amersham in the Chiltern Hills. Miraculously the driver of the Ford 4x4, pensioner Tim Edwards, 74, survived the horror crash. 
963804816563728385	2018-02-14 15:59:09	https://t.co/JVkm8Kzw9V	Google tests a robot that will chat to your friends for you so you can keep on top of your social life https://t.co/JVkm8Kzw9V	 Google has come up with a solution to your tiresome texting woes, creating a robot called Reply to do the hard work for you. It's based on Smart Reply, which uses artificial intelligence to suggest one-click responses to emails in Gmail, and messages in its Hangouts and Allo apps. The expanded feature aims to take the hassle out of firing back replies in a range of popular messaging apps, including WhatsApp. As well as single-tap responses Google is planning to enable automatic replies, for example letting people know when you are busy and can't get to your phone. Scroll down for video Google's Area 120, a workshop for experimental products under development at the Mountain View firm, is currently testing the new system. Reply is designed to work with a number of popular messaging services, including Google Hangouts and Allo, Whatsapp, Facebook Messenger, Android Messages, Skype, Twitter direct messages and Slack. It has not yet been released to the public, but beta-testers are currently being sought to try out the feature more widely. That could mean that Google is getting close to launching the AI powered bot. Once released, it is likely that developers will need to incorporate the coding into their apps for it to work. In an email test sent to potential testers, published by Android Police, a spokesman for the team said: 'You probably get a lot of chat messages. And you want to be there for people, but also for people in the real world. 'What if replying were literally one tap away? 'Reply can make sure to get your attention even when your phone is silent.' One example cited in the email is using your location to send and instant response to the enquiry 'when can you be home?'. Reply then checks your preferred method of transport and the estimated time it’ll take to reach your home address. This then pops up as an instant reply option. Other features of the Reply function include a Do Not Disturb mode. That means when you’re driving, Reply can silence your phone and tell people who message you that you can’t chat right now. When you get an urgent message like 'We’re waiting for you!', Reply can make sure to get your attention even when your phone is silent. Reply can also check your calendar and tell people if you’re not working, useful for making plans with friends and loved ones, or for letting professional contacts know that you're out of the office Google's Smart Reply, introduced in 2016, uses the firm's neural network to intelligently analyse a message's content to suggest an appropriate response. First introduced in Gmail's Inbox, it gives users a choice of three responses to choose from based on the results of millions of email replies. AI systems rely on artificial neural networks (ANNs), which try to simulate the way the brain works in order to learn. ANNs can be trained to recognise patterns in information - including speech, text data, or visual images - and are the basis for a large number of the developments in AI over recent years. Conventional AI uses input to 'teach' an algorithm about a particular subject by feeding it massive amounts of information. Practical applications include Google's language translation services, Facebook's facial recognition software and Snapchat's image altering live filters. The process of inputting this data can be extremely time consuming, and is limited to one type of knowledge. A new breed of ANNs called Adversarial Neural Networks pits the wits of two AI bots against each other, which allows them to learn from each other. This approach is designed to speed up the process of learning, as well as refining the output created by AI systems. 
963802291559129088	2018-02-14 15:49:07	https://t.co/wzi77lK6fG	South Korea to foot £1.9million expenses bill for 424-strong North Korean Winter Olympics delegation https://t.co/wzi77lK6fG	 South Korea approved on Wednesday the use of a record £1.9million (2.86 billion won) to bankroll the cost of hosting hundreds of visiting North Koreans during the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics. The Ministry of Unification said the funds will pay for the costs including accommodations and food for North Korea's cheering squad, orchestra, taekwondo performers, journalists and other supporting personnel who had visited or are still in South Korea. Combined, they make a group of 424 North Koreans. South Korean President Moon Jae-in invited North Korea athletes, supporters and officials to the Olympics in an attempt to lower months of tension between Pyongyang, Seoul and Washington over North Korea's nuclear and missile programmes. A final number for the total payment of all the North Koreans who visited during the Olympics will be disclosed at a later time, said ministry spokesman Baik Tae-hyun in a briefing. Costs for hosting the high-level official delegation which included Kim Yo Jong, the sister of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, were paid for separately from the government budget, Baik added without disclosing details. The International Olympics Committee will foot the bill for 22 North Korean athletes also in South Korea. Travel between the two Koreas has been impossible without the approval of both governments since the 1950-53 war that divided the peninsula and ended in a truce rather than a peace treaty. Wednesday's number far exceeds the 1.35 billion won that was used to pay for the 650 North Koreans who visited South Korea in 2002 for the Asian Games in the port city of Busan. The smaller amount in 2002 was partly due to the North Koreans' cheering squad staying and eating on the ferry they had arrived in, a ministry official told Reuters who spoke on condition of anonymity. Inflation also attributed to the higher number. From the biggest portion of the 2.86 billion won, about 1.2 billion won will be used for accommodations and food, the official added. Roughly 1.0 billion won will be used to pay for entrance fees for Olympics venues and 100 million won has been set aside for transportation costs. Most of the North Koreans stayed at luxury hotels in Seoul and near the Olympics venue nearly throughout their visit, including the five-star Grand Walkerhill in western Seoul that has previously hosted celebrities including Paris Hilton and Michael Jackson. The budget for the North Koreans' stay will be withdrawn from the Inter-Korean Cooperation Fund, part of the Unification Ministry's spending budget. The fund was created in 1991 for North Korea-related expenditures and its total 2018 budget is 962.4 billion won.
963799770040033284	2018-02-14 15:39:06	https://t.co/LMVNUhl2W2	Stunning 90-degree drone photographs show Dubai's towering architecture in all its glory https://t.co/LMVNUhl2W2	 These are the incredible aerial images that show a rare 90-degree bird's-eye-view of the diverse city of Dubai. The stunning pictures show the city's huge skyscrapers as well as the luxurious hotels, popular marina and winding roads. Meanwhile other striking snaps show a beautiful flower display in the shape of an Airbus A380 aircraft and the slower-paced life on the beach. Scroll down for video The unique perspective of Dubai was captured by financial controller Bachir Moukarzel, who is from Kahale in Lebanon. The 34-year-old used a drone to capture the images as a part of a project called 'City of Gold'. He said: 'This project started when I started wondering how Dubai will look from a different perspective. 'This perspective is only seen from planes or helicopters, so I started targeting the best architectural places in Dubai and presented them in a completely new perspective. 'My signature shot is the 90 degrees, in other words "look down shots", and I recorded a couple of places in Dubai where you can see a new urban place congested with high rise buildings. 'This is a place that was congested by sand and dunes just 10 years back.' Mr Moukarzel took the photos with a DJI phantom drone and explained what he loves about this type of photography. He added: 'What I love is the perspective, a cinematic scene which we only used to watch in movies. 'Now anyone can record it and share it with family and friends. The world looks different from above, and that's what's special about it. 'Drones are still emerging in the world and governments are struggling to control their use. Some have banned drones and some are fine with them. 'I hope we will have some understanding laws for aerial photographers around the world and I wish all the pilots safe flights, always.' Dubai is the largest and most populous city in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) and emerged as a global city and business hub of the Middle East. It is also a major transport hub for airline passengers and cargo. By the 1960s, Dubai's economy was based on revenues from trade and, to a smaller extent, oil exploration concessions, but oil was not discovered until 1966. After that, Dubai's oil revenue helped accelerate the early development of the city, but its reserves are limited and production levels are low: today, less than five per cent of the Emirate's revenue comes from oil. Now, the city has become iconic for its skyscrapers and high-rise buildings, in particular the world's tallest building, the Burj Khalifa. 
963794740885024768	2018-02-14 15:19:07	https://t.co/RV9iqJV24i	Couple save boy from plunging to his death after he climbed onto the handrail of an escalator https://t.co/RV9iqJV24i	 A little boy nearly fell to his death from a moving escalator at a Chinese shopping mall after climbing onto its handrail, a viral video shows. The child, unidentified, lost his balance while trying to lie flat on the moving belt. He had been playing unattended. Luckily, two passersby on an escalator in the opposite direction caught the boy just when he was about to fall down. The heart-stopping moment was filmed by a surveillance camera and the footage has been shared on Chinese video platforms, such as YouKu. According to Sohu, the incident recently took place in a shopping centre in the Baishan District of Jiangyuan City in north-east China's Jilin Province. It's understood the boy was saved after the male passerby caught him and put him on the tiny platform near the foot of the escalator. The two passersby were suggested to be a couple. Police have not released a statement regarding the footage or the incident. Escalator accidents often happen in China, in particular at shopping centres and subway stations. The accidents often involve children who are playing alone or mothers who are carrying their children in their arms or on a stroller. The most high-profile escalator accident of China occurred in July, 2015. A mother was killed when she fell into a floor-plate of an escalator at a shopping mall in Hubei Province - after she heroically threw her toddler to safety. It was later revealed that staff at the shopping mall knew the escalator was broken five minutes before the horrific accident, but didn't switch it off. 
963789713252462592	2018-02-14 14:59:08	https://t.co/UnJxI3K1Ln	Gynaecologist answers the question women are too embarrassed to ask their GP https://t.co/UnJxI3K1Ln	 The problem with vaginal dryness during sex is not so much the dryness itself - it's the fact so few talk about it. The silence around this common problem leads to misinformation and needless discomfort for a lot of women - one piece of research says it affects half of British women. That is a huge number relative to the ease with which it can be treated. In an interview with Healthista's Anna Magee, gynaecologist Vanessa Mackey breaks down the different issues that can lead to vaginal dryness and provides her expertise as to how to resolve the problem. Why is my vagina dry during sex? If getting wet before intercourse has never been a problem for you before and suddenly, things have changed, you may be experiencing hormonal changes such as approaching the menopause. But then again you might not be, but it's still normal. In fact, there are plenty of reasons women experience vaginal dryness during sex. Trouble is, no one ever talks about it, so few of us know the heartening truth – it's easily fixed. Research last year by Vagisil found that vaginal dryness affects a staggering half of British women. Even more depressingly, two in five women in a relationship who have suffered from it don't feel comfortable talking to anyone – not even their partners – about this and one in 20 have even ended a relationship because of issues with vaginal dryness. Perhaps most surprisingly, the most at risk were women in their mid-twenties to mid-thirties, not those who were experiencing menopause. If you're one of the large proportion of women who are too embarrassed to talk to their doctors about this, we've quizzed Dr Vanessa Mackay of the Royal College of Gynaecologists about the reasons and what you can do about them: You're approaching menopause The most common reason for vaginal dryness is the menopause or the years leading up to it. For the average British woman, menopause occurs at around 52 but the perimenopausal years can begin up to a decade earlier. 'The hormone estrogen is responsible for keeping the vagina lubricated but during menopause and the years leading up to it, estrogen levels can fluctuate and then dramatically drop leading to symptoms such as mood changes, hot flushes, tiredness, night sweats, weight gain and indeed, vaginal dryness,' says Dr Mackay. Vaginal dryness can often impact sex life Your first stop should be your GP. He/she can examine you and do any necessary tests to work out what's at the root of the problem. If your estrogen levels are low, your doctor might prescribe topical estrogen medication which can come in the form of creams, tablets or rings that you apply internally that deliver a low, local dose of estrogen to your vagina. They may come with side effects though, including breast pain and vaginal bleeding. Oestrogen therapy of any kind should also be avoided by women who have had or have a family history of breast or endometrial cancer and those who are pregnant or breastfeeding. You're not aroused enough 'If you're not aroused enough during sex, the vagina may not produce enough of its own natural lubricants.' One word people: foreplay. Research too shows we want more than we're getting. In 2012, a team of researchers from the University of New Brunswick measured the duration of foreplay by asking men and women in relationships to report how long an ideal foreplay session should last as well as ideal intercourse. Then they timed their actual sex lives in the comfort of their own homes. They reported an average of 11 to 13 minutes of foreplay, and seven to eight minutes of intercourse. Interestingly, women wanted eight more minutes of foreplay and seven more minutes of intercourse; men wanted five more minutes of foreplay and 11 more minutes of sex. You're on your period 'Oestrogen levels dip while you're on your period,' says Dr Mackay. 'As with menopause, when oestrogen levels are depleted, vaginal dryness can be a side effect'. The good news is that oestrogen levels steadily start to rise again after your period, so this effect will usually be temporary. You've just had a baby 'Breastfeeding or childbirth can cause vaginal dryness and this is something not many women are aware of,' says Dr Mackay. 'Oestrogen levels can temporarily decrease after giving birth, making the vagina feel dry.' Additionally, according to the NHS website, if you're breastfeeding, this dryness can feel even more pronounced. Your medication is not helping 'Although it's uncommon, the combined contraceptive pill or the contraceptive injection can cause vaginal dryness,' says Dr Mackay. Other medications such as cold medicine can dry up vaginal moisture in the same way they dry up the mucous membranes in your nose – though this will be temporary (and let's face it, if you've got that nasty flu, fooling around is probably the last thing on your mind). The most commonly prescribed type of anti-depressant medication, Selective Serotonin Re-uptake Inhibitors or SSRIs can also cause vaginal dryness and a decreased sex drive so talk to your doctor about perhaps switching if this is a problem for you. You're stressed Stress can also cause vaginal dryness, says Dr Mackay. Which makes sense because it's another one of those things that can kill or seriously damage your desire for your partner to start with, and can certainly distract you from the task at hand once you're actually in bed. You've got a medical condition that's to blame Common conditions affecting the reproductive area might also be to blame for vaginal dryness such as endometriosis, fibroids or a a urinary tract infection. On a less obvious note, problems such as diabetes or treatments for cancer such as radiotherapy to the pelvic area, hormonal cancer treatments such as those given after breast cancer and chemotherapy, can all cause vaginal dryness, explains Dr McKay. What you can do Once you've ruled out medical causes – or you don't think using hormone therapy in your intimate area is for you – you could try a hydrating gel. But make sure it's one formulated for the vaginal area. 'Trying to treat dryness with creams or gels unsuitable for the sensitive area of the vagina can actually make things worse,' says Dr Mackay. 'Vaginal lubricants are liquids or gels that you apply to your vagina before having sex, offering an immediate moistening effect.' Vaginal moisturisers on the other hand can also be applied to the inside of the vagina every few days and their effects are more long-lasting, she explains. The Vagisil Prohydrate range is entirely hormone-free and has been specifically created after five years of research and clinical testing, so they're proven both effective and safe (nine in ten women who tried it would recommend it to someone else suffering from intimate dryness). The active ingredient is ProHydrate Complex which includes a substance called hyaluronic acid, a type of moisturising agent that mimics the body's own natural moisture. This coats the vaginal wall and slowly releases moisture over time to relieve dryness so you can feel comfortable and ready whenever the moment is right. For long-lasting relief: Vagisil Prohydrate Internal Hydrating Gel, £12 comes in six pre-filled applicators with five grams of gel in them which can be applied internally to release moisture over time – a bit like a maintenance measure for your vagina's moisture. This product is hormone-free. Before sex: Vagisil ProHydrate External Hydrating Gel, £8.50 is a gel that can be used externally to keep skin feeling hydrated and supple. This product is hormone-free. Vagisil is available at Boots and Superdrug. This article originally appeared on and has been reproduced with the permission of Healthista. 
963784668700082176	2018-02-14 14:39:05	https://t.co/qDI7k1xLXC	Athletic 'Olympic panda cub' works out with one-arm pull-ups in its enclosure https://t.co/qDI7k1xLXC	 While athletes are going for gold at the 2018 Winter Olympics in PyeongChang, pandas are flexing their muscles in China. An adorable cub has apparently been working out by doing one-arm pull-ups in its enclosure. The super cute baby panda lives in the China Conservation and Research Centre for Giant Panda in Ya'an. The set of pictures were shared by the state-run breeding centre on its social media account on February 11. 'Although it is young, it is aware of building up its arm strength,' the post wrote. The naughty bear is seen holding onto an exercising bar made out of a tree branch with its left arm. Apparently, it managed to lunge it body up and later sat on top of the branch. Sadly, the centre did not reveal the name of the athletic animal or how old it is. The breeding base, located in south-west China's Sichuan Province, is the world's largest artificial breeding population of captive pandas. There are 42 panda cubs living in the centre at the moment, all of which were born in 2017. They are between six to eight months old. According to China Central Television Station, these panda cubs are looked after by human keepers and would be put into the centre's 'panda nursery' soon. At the 'panda nursery', they would be taken care of by specialist panda nannies. The black-and-white Giant Panda, a symbol of China, was shifted off the endangered species list in 2016 - after years of intensive conservation efforts. The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) said in a report that the animal is now classified as a 'vulnerable' instead of 'endangered', reflecting its growing numbers in the wild in southern China.
963784122962505728	2018-02-14 14:36:55	https://t.co/zcDziDtGk3	When is Easter 2018: Everything you need to know https://t.co/zcDziDtGk3	 This April, millions of Christians all around the world will celebrate Easter, the holiest day in Christianity. The holiday, which date changes every year, celebrates the resurrection of Jesus Christ and is marked with a number of unique traditions, including painting eggs and Easter egg hunts. But when is Easter and why does its date change every year? What day does it fall on this year? Here's everything you need to know about Easter. Easter, sometimes called Resurrection Sunday, is a Christian holiday that celebrates Jesus Christ’s resurrection from the dead. The holiday is the most important and oldest of all Christian holidays. Unlike Christmas, its date constantly changes every year. It’s held on the first Sunday following the first full moon after the northern spring equinox. It always falls between March 21 and April 25 depending on the year. Easter 2018 will be held on Sunday, April 1 for most Christian denominations. For Orthodox Christians, Easter 2018 will be held a week later on Sunday, April 8. Ash Wednesday marks the first day of Lent in Western Christianity. A day of fasting and religious observance, Christians often attend church and receive an ashen cross on their heads. It occurs exactly 46 days before Easter and can come as early as February 4 or as late as March 10. The day before Ash Wednesday is sometimes called Pancake Tuesday or Shrove Tuesday in the United Kingdom and Ireland. Pancakes are often eaten as a way to dispose of any rich foods such as milk, sugar and eggs before the 40 days of fasting that occur during Lent. Activities such as pancake races are also held as well. Ash Wednesday 2018 will be held on Wednesday, February 14, the same day as Valentine's Day. Unlike Christmas and many other holidays, the date of Easter shifts each year. Back in 325AD, the Council of Nicaea established that the holiday will be held on the first Sunday following the first full moon that occurs on or after the vernal equinox. If a full moon falls on a Sunday, then Easter is delayed by a week to ensure that it still occurs after the Jewish holiday of Passover. Good Friday is the Friday before Easter when the crucifixion of Jesus Christ is observed by Christians throughout the world. A day of prayer and fasting, it marks the onset of the holiest weekend in Christianity. Lent is a period of approximately six weeks between Ash Wednesday and Easter observed by most Christian denominations. A period of prayer and fasting, Christians will often abstain from certain pleasures during this time. Many Catholics will also abstain from eating red meat on Ash Wednesday and Fridays during Lent. Many Easter traditions and customs are observed by Christians throughout the world. Decorating eggs is a common activity, as are Easter egg hunts on Easter morning. Easter baskets with gifts in them, purportedly left by the Easter Bunny, are often left outside of children’s bedrooms the night before Easter. Attending Sunday Mass and other religious services on Easter is another common activity among observant Christians, as are gatherings of families to celebrate the holiday. 
963779642573275136	2018-02-14 14:19:07	https://t.co/yTTkZI3tJq	Going on a first date is just as exciting as jumping out of a plane, scientists claim https://t.co/yTTkZI3tJq	 Some people are addicted to dating and never settling down- and now scientists say they know why. The thrill of a first date may induce just as much adrenaline as jumping out of a plane, new research has found. The study found that the average heart rate of a person doing indoor skydiving was 111 beats per minute, very close to that of a person during a blind date - 106 beats per minute. The research, conducted by the University of Wolverhampton's cardiology department, involved putting participants through a number of thrilling experiences including indoor skydiving, a zip wire course, and a first date while wearing heart rate monitors to measure pulse fluctuations. In addition to the study, a supporting survey of 2,000 adults found that more than half (54 per cent) of consider going on a first date a thrilling experience, and 1 in 6 confessed to enjoying the rush of the initial encounter. The survey also found that a third of Brits had considered leaving or not turning up to a date due to nerves, and 45 per cent have stuttered and lost their trail of thought. However, those nerves may be nothing to worry about, as 78 per cent of those surveyed said they found first date nerves endearing in a partner. Women claimed to be more awkward than men when dating, with two thirds admitting that nerves get the better of them before a first date. Meanwhile, a fifth of men feel relaxed and confident before a first date. Dr Martin Khechera, Senior Lecturer in Biomedical Science at the University of Wolverhampton, said: 'It’s no surprise to see heart rates spike before undertaking thrilling experiences and extreme sports, however it is a surprise to see dating, among the top thrills. 'Perhaps those that go on a blind date this February are braver than we initially thought. 'When approaching a nerve-racking experience, our bodies usually experience a "fight or flight" response, whereby we notice a rapid increase in heart rate due to an adrenaline rush. 'Once the initial thrill has taken place, heart rates start to steady, and this is when we get a chance to enjoy and improve our skydiving and even dating skills. 'The more we get used to pushing ourselves out of our comfort zone the better we get in handling stressful situations. 'It’s valid to conclude that the more we push ourselves out of our comfort zone by skydiving or taking on heights or even the exhilarating rush of a zip line the better we get in dating.' James Thomas, General Manager of The Bear Grylls Adventure, which partnered with the University of Wolverhampton for the study, said: 'First dates sure are a thrilling experience, the fear of the unknown in any circumstance gets the heart racing, and the heart rate research we’ve undertaken backs this up. 'The results of our research proved that the UK is a nation of thrill seekers who want to be pushed to the limit and the attraction is set to test just that.' Psychologists suggest there are five stages of love - butterflies, building, assimilation, honesty and stability. Each of these stages has a different impact on our psyche and health, researchers at eHarmony found in a 2014 survey. 1) Butterflies Marked by intense infatuation and sexual attraction, symptoms noted by couples included weight loss (30 per cent) and a lack of productivity (39 per cent). Biologically, it's reported that during this early stage of dating, both men and women create more of the sex hormones testosterone and oestrogen. As a result more than half - 56 per cent - noted an increase in their libido. 2) Building As the initial attraction gives way to learning more about one another, the honeymoon stage subsides and a couple begin to build their relationship. eHarmony's study estimated around three per cent of Britons in relationship are currently at stage two. The body releases neurochemicals called monoamines, which speed up heart rate, trigger rushes of intense pleasure and replicate the effects of Class A drugs. The biological effect culminates in a feeling of 'happy anxiety', where people can think of little else than their blossoming relationship. Forty-four per cent of the study participants noted a lack of sleep while 29 per cent reported a their attention span had been adversely affected. 3) Assimilation Having established whether the other person is 'right', stage three forces a couple to question whether the 'relationship' itself is right. Questions over the future of the union and forming boundaries in the relationship can lead to a rise in stress levels, reported by 27 per cent of those taking part in the study. 4) Honesty Stage three combines with stage four, where people open up showing the 'real you' sees the first real rise in stress levels and anxiety. 'This stage deals with the concept behind how we all put on our best faces, through social media we edit our lives as well as our pictures to make it appear as though everything is fine,' psychologist Dr Linda Papadopoulos, who assisted with the study, told MailOnline. Opening up completely triggered feelings of doubt and increased vulnerability in 15 per cent of participants. 5) Stability If a couple can weather the emotional rollercoaster of the first four stages, the fifth and final stage, stability, brings with it increased levels of trust and intimacy. eHarmony found 50 per cent of respondents had reached this stage, and 23 per cent reported feeling happier as a result. Biologically, vasopressin - a powerful hormone released by men and women during orgasm - strengthens feelings of attachment. Meanwhile oxytocin - released during childbirth - deepens feelings of attachment. 'This is where we see a real level of contentness,' Dr Papadopolous told MailOnline. 'We found the body releases wonderful hormones which helps couples bond. We noted a real sense of attachment, and a sense of "you have got my back and I've got yours".'
963773643951169536	2018-02-14 13:55:17	https://t.co/B8eZYIHzUs	Tourists abort trips to the Maldives after island nation declares a state of emergency https://t.co/B8eZYIHzUs	 Tourists have been cancelling hundreds of hotel bookings in the Maldives every day since the government declared a state of emergency, tour operators say. Travel warnings have been issued by the British government as well as China, India and the United States after Maldives president Abdulla Yameen arrested judges who ordered him to free jailed opposition leaders causing civil unrest. Calls from President Yameen's opponents for military intervention by India, the leading power in the region, have also added to the uncertainty. And now resorts in the areas popular with tourists are seeing a string of bookings cancelled, despite protests taking place miles away in the capital of Male. A spokesman for Paradise Island Resort-Villa Group, which runs a 282-room hotel, a 20-minute ride by speedboat from Male, where the turmoil is centred, said: 'We have had about 50 to 60 room cancellations per day and the number is consistent since it started. 'This is the same for all of our properties in the country.' Tourism accounts for a third of the Maldives' gross domestic product but ratings agency Moody's has said it would lower its 2018 growth forecast of 4.5 per cent if tourists are deterred for a prolonged period. The unrest comes as the Chinese New Year begins on Thursday when millions of Chinese travel at home and overseas during a week-long holiday. Ctrip.Com International Ltd, China's biggest online travel agency, said it was coordinating with hotels and airlines and helping guests who wished to postpone or cancel trips to the Maldives before February 28. A spokeswoman declined to say how many cancellations or postponements there had been. Airlines have not yet cancelled flights but carriers including Air India, India's SpiceJet, China Eastern Airlines and China Southern Airlines have allowed customers to cancel or change their tickets at no cost during specific dates during February. According to government statistics, almost 1.4 million tourists from across the world visited the Maldives in 2017. Trouble began on the idyllic islands, famed for white-sand beaches and crystal clear diving spots in its turquoise waters, when the Supreme Court quashed terrorism and graft convictions of nine opposition figures and ordered they be freed. Among them was the exiled former president, Mohamed Nasheed. President Yameen rejected the ruling and declared an emergency for 15 days. He also ordered the arrest of two of the court's five judges, several opposition members and his 80-year-old half-brother, Maumoon Abdul Gayoom, who had ruled the Maldives for 30 years. They were all plotting a coup against him, Yameen said. The remaining judges have since nullified the court's ruling and the government sent envoys to China, Saudi Arabia and Pakistan seeking support from 'friendly' nations and to reassure them the islands were safe for international travel. 
963767964070764545	2018-02-14 13:32:43	https://t.co/Yn7MWcYHMK	How nuclear scientists made Kim Jong-un's nuclear arsenal '18 times more powerful than the Hiroshima bomb' https://t.co/Yn7MWcYHMK	 Meet the Megaton Twins – the two scientists Kim Jong-un can thank for his terrifying nuclear arsenal, according to experts. Michael Madden, who works with the 38 North watchdog, said Hong Sung-mu and Ri Hong-sop were crucial to the weapons programme's success. With their help, North Korea went from detonating suspected duds in 2006 to its current nukes, which are up to 18 times more powerful than the Hiroshima bomb. And with the regime's latest missile – the Hwasong-15 – theoretically able to reach Washington DC, their weapons are more threatening than ever. Mr Madden said there were a number of people who'd contributed to North Korea's nuclear weapons over the years. But he said Ri Hong-sop, the head of North Korea's Nuclear Weapons Institute, and Hong Sung-mu, were the 'key people' now. He said the duo most likely got an academic grounding in the former Soviet Union, perhaps at the Yuzhnoye Design Office in Ukraine, before returning to the North. Back home, they worked at the Yongbyon Nuclear Scientific Research Center – where Mr Hong was made chief engineer and Mr Ri, director – in the 1980s. Now they're among North Korea's elite and were guests of honour at a performance in September celebrating the regime's nuclear scientists. Footage shows the dictator arriving at the show hand in hand with Mr Ri, with Mr Hong at his side, while his wife, Ri Sol-ju, walks behind. The two scientists then assume the first and second seats to his left, and when someone tries to present Kim with flowers, he passes them on to Mr Hong. Ri Hong-sop and Hong Sung-mu are even sanctioned as individuals by the US and EU respectively, with the EU calling Mr Hong 'one of the main persons responsible' for the nuke programme. Mr Madden said: 'They're North Korean technical experts – such people are usually members of the Korean People's Assembly and the Worker's Party of Korea Central Committee. 'And these guys all have job titles like 'deputy director' of the Worker's Party of Korea Munitions Industry Department. 'It can sometimes be a position with more real power than someone who's actually the director.' Ordnance expert Yu Jin was singled out as another important figure by Mr Madden. He said: 'He's basically related to stuff that goes boom. Even if you have a nuclear weapon, it still has to explode and so he would work on a trigger or something like that.' Mr Madden said Yu Jin also seemed to be 'a man very comfortable in his position'. He added: 'Based on what he wears, you can tell in his clothing, his comportment, this is a very relaxed person. 'Some of these guys look like they're about to have their morgue pictures taken and that's not the case with Yu Jin.' Mr Madden said that while there was a lot more to North Korea's nuclear programme than the three scientists, the trio were instrumental to its success. He said: 'These people have career experience, they have been in the programme for at least three decades if not four. 'So they were eventually going to hit on to the right thing – and that's to do with how Kim Jong-un runs North Korea. 'His father, Kim Jong-il, was a micro manager… Kim Jong-un stays out of the way. 'He does not, despite what a lot of media headlines say, punish people the same way. 'People don't get shot because a missile test fails.' 
963763952068059136	2018-02-14 13:16:46	https://t.co/vcU1nZjDk8	Fugitive prisoner who escaped by switching places with his brother is finally captured https://t.co/vcU1nZjDk8	 A prisoner who escaped from a maximum security jail in Peru by drugging his visiting twin brother before stealing his clothes, has been captured. Alexander Jeferson Delgado Herrera, 27, was two years into a 16-year sentence for robbery and sexual assault at the Piedras Gordas prison, in Lima Province, when he escaped in January last year. Upon his arrest this week in the port city of Callao, Delgado Herrera told local news he had escaped because he was 'desperate to see his mother', the BBC reports. He has asked his twin brother, Giancarlo Steven Delgado Herrera to visit him and bring some of his favourite snacks and treats into the prison. An hour after his twin arrived, Alexander invited Giancarlo to see his cell and, once there, reportedly offered him a drink, which sent him to sleep. The prisoner then allegedly swapped their outfits, putting his prison uniform on his brother, and walked out. He managed to pose as his brother to pass through six internal doors manned by prison guards as well as the outside gates of the jail. Apparently, not one of the guards noticed that he did not have the stamp on his arm given to all prison visitors to avoid such an escape from happening. It was several hours before guards suspected that something was wrong. They checked the fingerprints of the man in the cell and realised they had the wrong brother, reports said. Giancarlo told officials he knew nothing about the escape, and was later released/ 
963759520135729154	2018-02-14 12:59:10	https://t.co/6gPqT4JPpp	Kim Jong-un impersonator is bundled away by security at the Olympics https://t.co/6gPqT4JPpp	 This is the moment a Kim Jong-un impersonator was bundled away by security after dancing in front of North Korea's cheerleaders. Spectators were watching the unified Korean ice hockey team take on Japan in South Korea's Gangneung arena this morning when the lookalike appeared in the stands. Pictures show him waving a flag in front of Pyongyang's team of cheerleaders before a group of men arrived to push him away. The English-speaking impersonator, who identified himself only as Howard, later denied that he was making a political statement and told police: 'I just showed up with my flag and my face... If you don't like my face there's nothing you can do about it, I was born this way.' Vincent Bevins, who works for the Washington Post, posted a clip of the drama unfolding and said security did not appear to know what to do with the impersonator, who identified himself only as Howard. Bevins wrote: 'Police have now surrounded and asked the apparent impersonator to come with him, he says his name's Howard, was just cheering and looks like this, and didn't commit any crime. Refuses to go with them. South Korea police apparently unsure what to do.' 'He speaks English with UK accent, no Korean. They've now told him he broke a rule against making political statements. He responds: "I just showed up with my flag and my face... If you don't like my face there's nothing you can do about it, I was born this way." Bevins said he sensed police 'didn't know what to do with him. If he was breaking a rule or just making an obvious commotion and drawing a crowd. This just happened in front of me, and I'm unlikely to find out more. Maybe we'll hear Howard's story later.' Eventually, footage emerged showing him smiling and posing for photos after apparently being released. In 2016, a Kim Jong-un impersonator called Howard was also seen waving the North Korean flag and appearing in the stands at the Rio Olympic Games. In an interview, he said he had been professionally impersonating the head of one of the world’s most secretive regimes since April 2013. He identified himself only as Howard and said he was in his 30s and based in Hong Kong. He told the Independent at the Time: 'Most people at the games realised I was an impersonator. But some people were saying things like what is he doing without his bodyguard?' Howard said he chose to take up the act in protest against the 'completely disgusting' North Korean regime. He added: 'I have never got in any sort of legal trouble or got arrested, after all, I am not in North Korea! I've had plenty of weird reactions - usually, it's that sudden shock that they think they are in the presence of the real guy.'
963754474291580930	2018-02-14 12:39:07	https://t.co/uVd82pWvu7	Brutal moment Japanese snowboarder, 16, suffers horrific crash in men's halfpipe final https://t.co/uVd82pWvu7	 A 16-year-old Japanese snowboarder suffered a horrific crash in the finals of the men's halfpipe competition after high winds caused havoc in Pyeongchang. Snow-sports prodigy Yuto Totsuka landed in a crumpled heap and needed to be stretchered from the course in what commentators described as one of the worst accidents they had ever seen in the competition. The crash comes amid a wave of criticism from athletes who have hit out at the dangerous and windy conditions they have being forced to compete in in at the winter games in South Korea. Scroll down for video Footage shows the snowboarder lose control while somersaulting through the air before appearing to injure his head and neck. Totsuka was seen bouncing off the lip of the frozen pipe before tumbling 22 feet down the ramp to the flat surface below. Despite the painful fall, reports suggest Totsuka may have escaped serious injury with one Japanese press officer reportedly revealing it was just minor hip damage. During the competition, athletes snowboard down the course performing aerial tricks and stunts - accumulating points for their efforts and execution. But many have slammed the event organisers for forcing them to compete in the windy conditions which have radically impacted their performances. Following the crash, a Washington Post reporter tweeted: 'Scary scene at the halfpipe. Medics tending to Japan's Yuto Totsuka, who bounded off the lip and fell all the way down the pipe face-first. He was moving, but getting dragged off on a stretcher.' In the aftermath of the crash, the Olympic Park has been evacuated and events postponed as wind became too forceful to continue. The poor weather conditions have already effected many athletes' chances in the games. Competing in the women's event earlier in the week, Britain's Aimee Fuller came 17th having suffered a heavy crash on her second run. While bronze medallist Enni Rukajarvi said: 'It was pretty bad. I'm happy to land my run and get a good score but I'm most happy that no one got hurt bad.' Rukajarvi also slammed the organisers for allowing the competition to continue despite the dangerous conditions. She said: 'It wasn't [the right decision]. It was better in the practice, but then it got really bad, so they should have cancelled it, or moved it.' While another athlete said the conditions made it an unfair competition with the wind making it impossible to perform properly. Austria's Anna Gasser started the women's final at the Phoenix Snow Park as one of the medal contenders, but crashed on both runs - managing only 15th place. She said: 'I don't think it was a fair competition and I'm a little disappointed in the organisation that they pulled through with it,' she said. 'I think it was not a good show for women's snowboarding.' 
963750203751915521	2018-02-14 12:22:08	https://t.co/DNUoh8Y2Tb	Six people are stabbed by a 'drunk knifeman' in a series of random attacks near the Eurostar hub in Paris https://t.co/DNUoh8Y2Tb	 Six people have been stabbed in a series of random attacks near the Eurostar hub at Gare du Nord station in Paris. An unidentified man, reportedly under the influence of alcohol, began stabbing people in Rue Max Dormay, just north of the Gare du Nord, around midnight last night. Five people were initially injured and then taken to hospital as the man ran along pavements stabbing at will. Sources close to the case told Le Parisien newspaper that a sixth woman ‘escaped injuries because her thick clothes protected her arm from the knife.’ Detectives examined CCTV images of all the assaults, and managed to track the attacker down to a building around a mile away. His clothes were covered in blood when arrested in the early hours of Wednesday, when he was taken to a police station to sober up. The knife used in the attacks was found on the floor. Paris prosecutors supported by judicial police were due to interrogate the man today, with a view to charging him with assault occasioning actual bodily harm, while also examining his motives further. None of the injuries he caused were life threatening, with those hurt released from hospital after minor treatment. In October two young women were stabbed to death outside Marseille’s main train station in a terrorist attack. Soldiers standing by then shot the knifeman dead, before Islamic State claimed him as one of their ‘soldiers’. France remains on high alert following other attempts by knifemen to strike in Paris, including one in Paris exactly a year ago when an Egyptian national rushed at soldiers guarding the Louvre museum. The man, who was brandishing a machete, was also shot, but survived and is now awaiting trial for a series of terrorist offences. 
963748068855296001	2018-02-14 12:13:39	https://t.co/Xvs4X1gK5V	Taiwan installs romantic traffic lights for Valentine's Day https://t.co/Xvs4X1gK5V	 Love is indeed in the air this Valentine's Day in Taiwan's Pingtung County. Dozens of romantic traffic lights have been installed to help its residents celebrate February 14. The animated pedestrian signs show the little green man winning the heart of his girlfriend. When the red light is on, the little green man is seen kneeling to propose to his partner with a beating heart between them. When the light turns to green, the couple can be seen holding hands - after the girlfriend said 'yes'. Pingtung County Police Bureau installed 25 of these 'couple' traffic lights around the train station, shopping streets and other busy traffic junctions ahead of the Valentine's Day. A launch ceremony was held on February 13 on Zhongzheng Road, the county's main shopping street. Pingtung county's mayor Pan Men-an said that a further 20 'couple' traffic lights would be installed around the county's tourist attractions and major crossroads by early March, according to PT News. One pedestrian told PT News: 'In the past, there was only one (little green man), now there are two. I find it very sweet.' Mr Pan said to local reporters that a conventional traffic light comprises 100 LED lights, while the new one in Pingtung has 124 LED lights 'because our little green man has a partner'. Mr Pan hoped the new traffic lights could encourage young couples to get married and start their families in Pingtung. The designer of the pedestrian signs, Cheng Da-wei, told Taiwan News that the change in the signs can make crossing the road an exciting thing to do. Although this is the first time traffic lights have been customised to spread a certain message in Taiwan, similar changes have been spotted in other parts of the world. In London, the traditional green man sign was replaced with LGBT symbols at 50 pedestrian crossings around the Trafalgar Square area in 2016 - as a nod to those taking part in London Pride. Ten female silhouettes were installed at various pedestrian walking signals across Melbourne's CBD last March as part of a push to promote gender equality. While in Bonifacio Global City in the Philippines, the green man sign was replaced by a heart for Valentine's Day from 2012 to 2016. 
963742953524092928	2018-02-14 11:53:20	https://t.co/Rp3rVOpZcw	Freaky African lake-dweller dubbed 'Mr Kissable' because of his human lips might just give you a peck to remember https://t.co/Rp3rVOpZcw	 According to a recent survey, the feature men find most attractive in a woman is kissable lips, but this one could really give Angelina Jolie a run for her money. Originally from Lake Malawi in Africa, one carnivorous fish is named 'Mr Kissable' because of his puckered, human-like lips. The bizarre video was filmed by bemused tourists while on holiday and shows the pouting cichlid fish floating about in a tank. Lake Malawi is well known to the world with its enormous variety of the fish. 500-1000 different species of fish are found, and most of these fish are found only in Lake Malawi. The cichlid fish will usually prey on the smaller species of cichlid in the same habitat and have the distinctive lips for fighting and for picking up objects as they also feed on dead sea matter. 
963738103327358978	2018-02-14 11:34:03	https://t.co/AUS3gmDapL	Aliens could wipe us out with AI messages without even visiting Earth https://t.co/AUS3gmDapL	 Aliens could trigger apocalypse on Earth without even visiting our planet. That's according to a new study by scientists in Hawaii that claims ET could send humanity a message hiding malicious AI. We should consider deleting messages from aliens without reading them to avoid havoc on Earth, the researchers claim. Not only do these messages have the potential to contain AI that can shut down power systems, opening them can also alert aliens to our whereabouts. Scroll down for video The study, titled 'Interstellar communication. IX. Message decontamination is impossible,' explains how a message from space may require the use of computers to display, analyse and understand. 'Such a message cannot be decontaminated with certainty, and technical risks remain which can pose an existential threat,' the researchers write. 'Complex messages would need to be destroyed in the risk averse case.' The researchers say a bug hidden in the message could wreak havoc with technologies on Earth. They also claim aliens could send messages such as 'we will make your sun go supernova tomorrow' to cause panic worldwide. The research paper, written by two researchers at Sonneberg Observatory in Germany and the University of Hawaii, explains that based on what we know about being cautious with reading alien messages, we should adapt our own transmissions. 'As we realize that some message types are potentially dangerous, we can adapt our own peaceful transmissions accordingly,' the researchers write. 'We should certainly not transmit any code. 'Instead, a plain text encyclopedia, images, music etc. in a simple format are adequate. 'No advanced computer should be required to decrypt our message.' The researchers say a message from aliens cannot be 'decontaminated' with certainty. 'For anything more complex than easily printable images or plain text, the technical risks are impossible to assess beforehand,' the researchers write. However, they do note that the potential benefits of joining a 'galactic network' may be considerable. 'It is always wise to understand the risks and chances beforehand, and make a conscious choice for, or against it, rather than blindly following a random path. 'Overall, we believe that the risk is very small (but not zero), and the potential benefit very large, so that we strongly encourage to read an incoming message,' the researchers write. Previously, other researchers have warned about contacting aliens. Lucianne Walkowicz, an astrophysicist at the Adler Planetarium in Chicago, told NBC News that in fact, making contact could be catastrophic for the human race. 'There's a possibility that if we actively message, with the intention of getting the attention of an intelligent civilization, that the civilization we contact would not necessarily have our best interests in mind,' she said. 'On the other hand, there might be great benefits. 'It could be something that ends life on Earth, and it might be something that accelerates the ability to live quality lives on Earth. 'We have no way of knowing.' Stephen Hawking also believes we're playing a dangerous game by trying to contact them. The physicist believes if aliens discovered Earth, they are likely to want to conquer and colonise our planet. 'If aliens visit us, the outcome could be much like when Columbus landed in America, which didn't turn out well for the Native Americans,' he said in a recent interview. But co-founder and former director of the Seti Institute, Jill Tarter, doesn't think this will be the case. She argues any aliens who have managed to travel across the universe will be sophisticated enough to be friendly and peaceful. 'The idea of a civilisation which has managed to survive far longer than we have...and the fact that that technology remains an aggressive one, to me, doesn't make sense,' she said. Basic protocols for first contact were put in place in the 1980s, but these are merely guidelines, rather than an action plan for dealing with alien contact. Seth Shostak, who leads efforts to detect radio signals from extraterrestrial civilisations, says that more needs to be done to put an action plan in place. He says our current response to aliens 'would be like the Neanderthals having a plan in case the US Air Force showed up,'. Mr Shostak is a senior astronomer at the Seti (Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence) Institute in California, where researchers are working to detect radio signals from outer space. In the 1990s, Mr Shostak chaired a committee that prepared a 'post-detection protocol' for researchers listening for alien transmissions. But these have remained largely unchanged since then, and are seen as guidelines, rather than a definite plan for dealing with alien contact. Mr Shostak told Live Science that the guidelines say: 'If you pick up a signal, check it out ... tell everybody ... and don't broadcast any replies without international consultation.' But the protocol has no force of law, and Mr Shostak says that the United Nations has taken little interest in updating them. He said: 'The US government has shown no interest in SETI research so far. 'It's not a government program, so they have nothing to do with it. I would love to see some interest from them, but I never have.' In 1997, a SETI false alarm was set off by a signal from a European satellite, but the only response was from journalists. Mr Shostak said: 'We thought it was possibly the real deal. Breakthrough Listen is a search for intelligent life using two of the world's most powerful telescopes. It was launched in January 2017 with the aim of scouring one million of the closest stars to Earth for faint signals thrown out into space by intelligent life beyond our own world. Scientists taking part in the $100 million are also scanning the very centre of our galaxy along with 100 of the closest galaxies for low power radio transmissions. Breakthrough Listen will collect data over a 10-year period. Search capacity will be 50 times more sensitive, cover 10 times more of the sky, 5 times more of the radio spectrum, and at speeds 100 times faster. The project is currently using the Green Bank radio telescope in West Virginia and the Parkes Telescope in Australia to search for radio transmissions from advanced civilizations. In addition, the Automated Planet Finder at Lick Observatory is being used to search for optical laser transmissions from other technological civilizations. The initiative will span 10 years. 'I kept waiting for the Men in Black to show up — they didn't. I kept waiting for the Pentagon to call. I kept waiting for the White House to call. They didn't call. But The New York Times called.' While detecting radio signals is not as extreme as physically encountering spaceships on Earth, Mr Shostak said that neither situation has a plan. He said: 'Some people asked me at a conference last week, 'What plan does the military have to deal with aliens should they land?' And I said, 'I don't know … but to the best of my knowledge, they don't have a plan.'' Others have expressed concerns about how we would communicate with aliens. But Mr Shostak believes that making a good first impression would be key. 'I've been to several conferences where people discuss whether we should tell [aliens] all the bad things about humanity, or just the good things, and that sort of thing,' he said. 'To me, that would be like the indigenous people of Australia seeing Captain Cook coming over the horizon in his ship, then saying, 'We're going to have a couple of conferences to discuss what we're going to talk to these guys about, and what language we'll use' — [but] it doesn't matter.' Humans have been broadcasting news for years, in the form of television and radio signals. Mr Shostak said: 'Those signals have been going out into space since the Second World War, so we've already told them we're here.'
963733449319288832	2018-02-14 11:15:34	https://t.co/ctbcORRqbD	Thailand's Maya Bay that featured in Leonardo DiCaprio movie The Beach is to close due to overcrowding https://t.co/ctbcORRqbD	 It is one of Thailand's most famous beaches and had a starring role in one of Leonardo DiCaprio's most memorable movies. But authorities in Thailand are to temporarily close Maya Bay on the tiny Ko Phi Phi island - saying excessive tourist numbers has damaged the coral reef. They hope that banning visitors from the beach in the low season between June and September will allow enough time for the coral to recover. The movie The Beach was released in 2000 and starred DiCaprio as a young American traveller seeking adventure in Thailand. Maya Bay provided the backdrop to the box office smash hit and it prompted tourists to flock to Thailand to see the beach for themselves. Now it's estimated that up to 5,000 tourists a day take boats from the nearby islands of Phuket and Krabi to soak up the sun on the stunning shoreline. But environmental experts are warning that closing Maya Bay for three months might not be enough. Marine expert Thon Thamrongnawasawat, from Bangkok’s Kasetsart University, told Traveller.com: 'An ideal solution is a permanent closure, which is not possible due to our reliance on tourism revenue.' Tourism in Thailand has exploded in recent years and in 2018 the country expects to welcome a record 37.5 million tourists. And Thai authorities have closed other beaches in the past in a bid to protect coral reefs. In 2016, the country's Department of Marine and Coastal Resources (DMCR) issued a ban for the islands of Koh Khai Nok, Koh Khai Nui and Koh Khai Nai. All tourist activity was banned around the coral reefs near the three islands, which are off the east coast of Phuket. This included the removal of facilities and structures built for tourists, including beach chairs and parasols, as well as the closure of shops and restaurants on the islands. Meanwhile, earlier this month, Thailand's environment ministry announced that it was banning smoking and litter-dropping at 24 beachside locations that are popular with tourists. The beaches protected, by the law, span 15 provinces located along the Andaman coast and the Gulf of Thailand. Anyone who violates the new law will be taken to a criminal court and could face up to one year in jail, a fine of up to $3,190 (£2,300) - or both. 
963728834280476672	2018-02-14 10:57:13	https://t.co/06wImCDZfB	South Africa's elite police raid luxury home of millionaire Gupta family amid probe into corruption claims https://t.co/06wImCDZfB	 South African President Jacob Zuma says ruling party leaders have not given him clear reasons for why he should resign and he calls his treatment 'unfair.' Zuma broke his silence in a live interview with state broadcaster SABC as the nation awaited word on whether he would obey a ruling party order to step down from office. Zuma says the ruling African National Congress, who are holding a vote of no confidence in the President in parliament tomorrow, has not followed party procedures in trying to unseat him. 'I need to be furnished on what I've done,' 75-year-old Zuma said in the interview on Wednesday. 'What is this hurry?' The interview was held after police raided the residential compound of a wealthy business family described as some of President Zuma's closest allies. The Gupta brothers are accused of playing a central role in alleged corruption under Zuma and using their ties to the President to influence Cabinet appointments and land state contracts for their businesses Agents from the Hawks, an elite police investigative unit, entered the Gupta family compound in Saxonwold, an affluent neighborhood in Johannesburg on Wednesday. The early morning raid resulted in three arrests, the South African state broadcaster reported. The Gupta family lawyer later confirmed none of the brothers had been arrested on their South African properties today. Police also raided the Guptas' Oakbay holding company in Johannesburg's Sandton financial district, according to a security guard outside the building. A politically-connected business dynasty that moved to South Africa from India, the Gupta family finds itself at the centre of many of the scandals that have dogged President Jacob Zuma's administration. A day after the ruling ANC ordered Zuma out of office, the Guptas' prominent role in his presidency was highlighted on Wednesday as elite crime-busters raided the family's mansion in Johannesburg. WHO ARE THE GUPTAS? The family is headed by Ajay, Atul and Rajesh 'Tony' Gupta, three brothers from the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. Led by Atul, they arrived in South Africa in 1993 as white-minority apartheid rule crumbled, a year before Nelson Mandela won the country's first democratic elections. As the country opened up to foreign investment, the Guptas - previously small-scale businessmen in India - built a sprawling empire involved in computers, mining, media, technology and engineering. The New Age, an ardently pro-Zuma newspaper, was launched in 2010, and the 24-hour news channel ANN7 took to the airwaves in 2013 with a similar editorial slant. They had developed close links with the ruling African National Congress (ANC) party focussing particularly on Zuma, well before he became president in 2009. 'ZUPTA' - ZUMA'S TIES TO THE BROTHERS Zuma's son Duduzane was a director of the Gupta-owned Sahara Computers, named after their hometown of Saharanpur, and has been involved with several of the family's other companies. Zuma's third wife Bongi Ngema and one of his daughters have also been in the employ of the Guptas. Former deputy finance minister Mcebisi Jonas claimed in March 2015 that the Guptas had offered him the post of finance minister, in return for obeying the family's instructions - for which he would allegedly be paid 600 million rand ($50 million). Backbench ANC lawmaker David van Rooyen was then revealed to have visited the Guptas' home the night before his brief appointment as finance minister on December 9, 2015. Both the Guptas and Zuma, who has described the brothers as friends, deny any wrongdoing. TIED IN KNOTS Perhaps one of the most colourful Gupta-linked incidents related to a family wedding in 2013. Public anger erupted after it was revealed that a jet carrying 217 foreign guests to a Gupta wedding landed at Waterkloof Air Force base, outside Pretoria. The airport is a military facility normally used for receiving heads of state. It appeared that Zuma, who was the guest of honour, had tacitly approved the decision, which breached air force and customs and immigration rules. There were also allegations that the law was broken when the guests were given a police 'blue light' escort. WHAT ABOUT THEIR BUSINESSES The Gupta business empire has been repeatedly accused of securing deals with South Africa's giant state-owned companies on wildly favourable terms. South Africa's ethics watchdog, the Public Protector, published a damning report in October 2016, finding that the state-owned electricity monopoly had awarded a massive coal order to a then-Gupta linked business at well above market prices. The report also alleged that former mining minister Mosebenzi Zwane 'travelled to Switzerland with the Guptas to help them seal the deal' to buy a struggling coal mine. The family is mentioned 232 times in the report, entitled 'State of Capture' because of the influence that the Guptas are alleged to have exerted on some branches of the state. WHAT NOW? In recent years, major banks have withdrawn their facilities to the Gupta family, complicating the payment of salaries to staff and the day-to-day running of a complex, cash-intensive business empire. India's Bank of Baroda, thought to be the last major bank to continue its relationship with the Guptas in South Africa, recently announced it would withdraw from the country, effectively ending its association with the controversial family. They also face the prospect of a judge-led inquiry into their business dealings, as recommended by the public protector's report. One of the biggest scandals in South Africa is over a scheme that allegedly siphoned millions of dollars from a black-empowerment agriculture project. Further arrests in this case could spell the end for the family's foothold in South Africa, commentators predict. Since pressure began to mount on the Guptas, they have been reported to be moving their base to Dubai. The raid marks a dramatic escalation in the pressure on Zuma and the political faction around him accused of milking state resources for their own ends. Zuma was ordered to step down by the ruling African National Congress (ANC) on Tuesday, but no firm deadline has been given and, it remains unclear whether the 75-year-old will throw in the towel, or dig in deeper. A vote of no-confidence will now be held in parliament, where the ANC has a large majority, tomorrow. After this, parliament will 'proceed to elect [deputy president Cyril] Ramaphosa as president of the republic,' ANC treasurer-general Paul Mashatile said today. 'For us, as the ANC leadership, we can no longer wait beyond today,' Mashatile said. Both President Zuma and the Guptas, who are so close their relationship has its own portmanteau; 'Zupta', deny any wrongdoing. The family is headed by millionaire Indian-born brothers Ajay, Atul and Rajesh 'Tony' Gupta who arrived in South Africa in the early 90s, shortly after the end of apartheid. They set up tech company Sahara Computers, and their commercial empire now stretches from mining to media. Two of Zuma's children have worked as directors of Gupta-owned companies, and one of his wives, Bongi Ngema-Zuma, was a communications officer at another. In 2016, the family were at the centre of what became known as Guptagate, when evidence emerged they had allegedly offered key government jobs to those who might help their business interests. Ousted deputy finance minister Mcebisi Jonas revealed that the Guptas had offered him a promotion shortly before Zuma sacked respected finance minister Nhlanhla Nene in December 2015. There have also been allegations that the family paid for a mansion for Mrs Ngema-Zuma and demanded to be given diplomatic passports, both of which they also deny. What the Gupta's cannot deny however, is the 2013 incident which saw them use a government military airbase near Pretoria to fly in guests to a family wedding. This caused a political storm and the Guptas, who later apologised, were accused by both the ANC and the opposition of abuse of power. A lawyer for the Gupta family said he could not comment on Wednesday's raid because he had yet to see the search warrant. Hawks spokesman Hangwani Mulaudzi said the raid was part of an investigation into allegations of influence peddling. The allegations are also the subject of a judicial inquiry on wider corruption dubbed 'state capture' in local media. 'We're not playing around in terms of making sure that those who are responsible in the so-called state capture, they take responsibility for it,' Mulaudzi said. Scandal-tainted South African President Jacob Zuma resigned after years of corruption scandals. Here are five of his biggest scandals: RAPE CHARGES AND HIV Before taking office, Zuma was put on trial in 2006 for rape, in a case that dismayed many South Africans. Zuma said the sex with the 31-year-old family friend was consensual and he was acquitted. But he told the court he had showered to avoid contracting HIV after having unprotected sex with his HIV-positive accuser - a common but dangerous myth. Zuma was head of the South African National AIDS Council at the time, and was pilloried for his ignorance. He is still mocked in newspaper cartoons, which often depict him with a shower nozzle sprouting from his bald head. Nearly a fifth of South Africans aged between 15 and 49 are HIV-positive. NKANDLA COSTS Zuma was found by the country's graft watchdog in 2014 to have "benefited unduly" from so-called security upgrades to his rural Nkandla residence in KwaZulu-Natal province. It said he should refund some of the money. The work, paid for with taxpayers' money, cost $24million (£17.31million) and included a swimming pool, which was described as a fire-fighting facility, a chicken run, a cattle enclosure, an amphitheatre and a visitors' centre. For two years, Zuma fought the order to repay part of the money. The scandal came to dominate his presidency -- with opposition lawmakers chanting "Pay back the money!" every time he appeared in parliament. In March 2016 he was ordered by the Constitutional Court to pay back the cash and suffered a stinging rebuke from the justices who accused him of failing to respect and uphold the constitution. GUPTAGATE As the Nkandla debacle built to a climax, its place in the headlines was overtaken by a new scandal, known as Guptagate. It involved the president's allegedly corrupt relationship with the Gupta brothers, who built a business empire in mining, media, technology and engineering. Smouldering rumours of the family's undue influence on the president burst into flames in 2016 when evidence emerged they allegedly offered key government jobs to those who might help their business interests. Ousted deputy finance minister Mcebisi Jonas revealed that the Guptas had offered him a promotion shortly before Zuma sacked respected finance minister Nhlanhla Nene in December 2015. The opposition Democratic Alliance (DA) laid corruption charges against the Guptas and Zuma's son Duduzane. ARMS DEAL In October 2017, after a marathon legal campaign by the DA party, the Supreme Court of Appeal ruled that Zuma was liable for prosecution over almost 800 counts of corruption relating to a 1990s arms deal. The accusations relate to a multi-billion-dollar arms deal signed in 1999, when Zuma was deputy president. He allegedly accepted bribes from international arms manufacturers to influence the choice of weaponry. Zuma's advisor, Schabir Shaik, was jailed for 15 years in 2005. He was released on medical parole in 2009, the year Zuma became president. After he leaves office, Zuma faces the risk of jail over 18 criminal charges over the 783 payments he received. OMAR AL-BASHIR In March 2016 the South African Supreme Court of Appeal upheld a judgement that the failure by Zuma's government to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir was illegal. Despite an arrest warrant from the International Criminal Court on charges of war crimes in the conflict in Darfur, Bashir was allowed to attend a meeting of the African Union in Johannesburg in 2015. The government said the fact that he was attending the summit as a head of state meant he had immunity, but the court disagreed. Zuma escaped an impeachment attempt over the issue in parliament in September 2016, when ANC lawmakers voted overwhelmingly against it.
963723392062025728	2018-02-14 10:35:36	https://t.co/MS81j7DBhk	Stunning images prove thrifty brides don't need to spend a fortune on high-end designer wedding dresses https://t.co/MS81j7DBhk	 A photographer claims these breathtaking images are proof that you don't need a designer dress to have incredible wedding pictures - after capturing his bride in a £7 ($9.70) dress. Keow Wee Loong, from Malaysia, set out to prove that it's possible to create stunning images without blowing your budget on a designer gown, after meeting a fellow photographer who claimed you couldn't get good wedding pictures without a fancy dress. The 29-year-old immediately whisked his wife off to a shopping centre in Kuala Lumpur and the pair bought the two cheapest wedding dresses they could find - the bill came to the equivalent of just £15 ($20.80) in total. Later that night they set off for Cameron Highlands - a mountainous area in Pahang state - arriving just in time to catch the sunrise. He then set about capturing a series of breathtaking shots of his wife posing in the budget frocks, in a field, on a dirt track and even in the branches of a tree. Keow said: 'You don't need an amazing high-end designer dress to have amazing high-end wedding photos. 'I was inspired to take up the challenge to show that great wedding photos can be captured even you have a very cheap dress.' He added: 'Many couples spend thousands to get a good wedding dress but they spend less on a photographer. The photographer is the one that make the magic happen in the photo not the wedding dress. 'I wanted to tell the world that no matter how expensive the dress you are wearing is, if you don't get a good photographer, your entire wedding shoot will be ruined. 'If you have the cash by all means splash it if you want but if you have limited resources pick skill over material.' A 2017 survey by global fashion search platform Lyst showed that the average UK bride spends around £832 on her wedding dress, down from £1,112 in 2016 - with Keow's budget gown costing less than 1 per cent of the average price.
963717394010198016	2018-02-14 10:11:46	https://t.co/Vggwyo5uwW	Macron says he will BOMB Syria 'as soon as proof emerges' the regime has used banned chemical weapons https://t.co/Vggwyo5uwW	 France will launch air-strikes on Syria 'as soon as' proof emerges that the Bashar al-Assad used banned chemical weapons against its civilians, President Emmanuel Macron said Tuesday. President Macron promised to bomb factories where chemical weapons are made and 'where they are organised' in Syria. He added that while the priority is still to fight the remains of ISIS and jihadist terrorism in Syria, the Assad regime will not escape justice. 'We will strike the place where these launches are made or where they are organised,' Macron told the presidential press corps. 'But today our services have not established proof that proscribed chemical weapons have been used against civilian populations,' he added. 'As soon as such proof is established, I will do what I said,' Macron warned, while adding that 'the priority is the fight against the terrorists, the jihadists'. Regarding the Syrian regime itself, either during or after the conflict; 'it will be answerable to international justice' he added. Macron also called for an international meeting on Syria, in the region if possible. In a telephone call with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Friday, Macron said he was 'worried about indications suggesting the possible use of chlorine on several occasions against the civilian population in Syria these last few weeks'. Russia has intervened alongside Syrian regime forces in the seven-year civil war and Putin is seen as the foreign leader with the most influence over Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. Receiving Putin at Versailles in May 2017, Macron had declared that France would respond immediately to any use of chemical weapons in Syria. 'A very clear red line exists on our side: the use of chemical weapons by anyone,' Macron said, promising 'retaliation and an immediate response from France'. According to Washington, at least six chlorine attacks have been reported since early January in rebel areas, with dozens injured. The Syrian government in late January denied carrying out chemical weapons attacks and its ally Moscow denounced the charges as a 'propaganda campaign', stressing that the perpetrators had not been identified. While France, like the United States, suspects the Syrian regime, it says it does not yet have concrete evidence on the nature and origin of the attacks. On Wednesday last week, Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said 'all indications' suggest that Assad's forces were using chlorine weapons in the civil war against rebel forces, but being cautious said 'we haven't completely documented this'. But Defence Minister Florence Parly was more reserved on Friday when asked if Damascus had crossed the 'red line'. 'At the moment because we don't know what happened and the consequences of what happened, we can't say we are where you say we are,' she told France Inter radio when asked about the 'red line' Macron had set out in May. 'We have some indications of the use of chlorine, but we do not have absolute confirmation, so it is this confirmation work that we are doing with others because obviously we have to establish the facts,' she said. Damascus has repeatedly been accused of using chemical weapons, with the United Nations among those blaming government forces for an April 2017 sarin gas attack on the opposition-held village of Khan Sheikhun that left scores dead.
963715449409232897	2018-02-14 10:04:02	https://t.co/V2hdiYbkid	Israel's Netanyahu vows to remain in office after police recommend he is charged with corruption https://t.co/V2hdiYbkid	 Israel's prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu has vowed to remain in office and today insisted his government is 'stable' after police recommended he should be indicted on bribery and breach of trust charges. The recommendations came after Netanyahu allegedly accepted gifts from Hollywood mogul Arnon Milchan and Australian billionaire James Packer. There were also suspicions that he offered to give preferential treatment to a newspaper publisher in exchange for favourable coverage. And the fresh development will deal an embarrassing blow to the embattled prime minister and is likely to fuel calls for him to resign. Following the announcement late on Tuesday, Netanyahu angrily rejected the accusations, which included accepting nearly $300,000 dollars in gifts from the two billionaires. Mr Parker is one of several wealthy businessmen Israeli police questioned about expensive gifts allegedly given to Netanyahu and his family. These items included champagne, hotel rooms, meals and cigars. There is no suggestion of any wrongdoing by Mr Packer. Mr Packer struck up a close friendship with Netanyahu in 2014 after the pair were introduced by mutual friend, Arnon Milchan, a major Hollywood producer. The Australian billionaire later bought a waterfront home next door to the Israeli PM's private beachfront home in Caesarea and was a special guest at speeches delivered by Mr Netanyahu to the US Congress and UN General Assembly in New York in 2015. Netanyahu later accused police of being on a witch hunt and vowed to remain in office and even seek re-election. Netanyahu said: 'I will continue to lead the state of Israel responsibly and loyally as long as you, the citizens of Israel, choose me to lead you. 'I am sure that the truth will come to light. And I am sure that also in the next election that will take place on time I will win your trust again, with God's help.' The police recommendations now go to Attorney General Avihai Mendelblit, who will review the material before deciding whether to file charges. Netanyahu is allowed to remain in office during that process, which is expected to drag on for months. But with a cloud hanging over his head, he could soon find himself facing calls to step aside. During similar circumstances a decade ago, Netanyahu, as opposition leader, urged then-prime minister Ehud Olmert to resign during a police investigation, saying a leader 'sunk up to his neck in interrogations' could not govern properly. Olmert resigned from office after police recommended he be indicted for graft. He was freed from prison in July after being granted parole from a 27-month sentence. In the immediate aftermath of the police announcement, reactions quickly fell along partisan lines. Former prime minister Ehud Barak, a bitter rival of Netanyahu, called on him to suspend himself and for the coalition to appoint a replacement on Wednesday morning. He said: 'The depth of corruption is horrifying. This does not look like nothing. This looks like bribery.' But key members of Netanyahu's Likud Party rallied behind him. Cabinet minister Miri Regev said she was 'not excited' by the police recommendations and urged patience while the attorney general reviews the case. She said the biggest surprise was that Yair Lapid, leader of the opposition Yesh Atid party, had been a witness. David Amsalem, another Netanyahu confidant, called Lapid a 'snitch'. Lapid later issued a statement calling on Netanyahu to resign. He said: 'Someone with such serious accusations against them, many of which he does not even deny, cannot continue to serve as prime minister with responsibility for the security and well-being of Israel's citizens.' Netanyahu posted a response on Facebook late last Wednesday in which he lashed out at the police commissioner, calling suggestions that he sent private investigators on such a mission 'ridiculous'. His post said: 'It is shocking to discover that the commissioner has repeated the mistaken and ridiculous suggestion that Prime Minister Netanyahu sent private investigators after the police who are investigating him.' He also referred to claims that sexual harassment allegations against the head of the unit investigating Netanyahu were an attempt to smear him because of the graft probe. His post added: 'Any honest person would ask himself how people who say such delusional things about the prime minister can objectively investigate him and honestly give unbiased recommendations. 'A large shadow was cast tonight over the police investigations and their recommendations related to Prime Minister Netanyahu.' The investigation has raised the possibility that Netanyahu, prime minister for a total of nearly 12 years, will eventually be forced to resign. His wife allegedly received bottles of pink champagne. The gifts were reportedly worth some tens of thousands of dollars. They were also probing allegations that he sought a secret deal for favourable coverage with the publisher of top-selling newspaper Yediot Aharonot. POLICE PROBE James Packer is one of several wealthy businessmen Israeli police questioned about expensive gifts allegedly given to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his family, including champagne, hotel rooms, meals and cigars. Israeli police investigated whether Mr Netanyahu pushed certain projects and new laws to benefit Mr Packer and Israeli billionaire Arnon Milchan. There is no suggestion of any wrongdoing by Mr Packer. FRIENDSHIP FORMS Mr Packer struck up a close friendship with Mr Netanyahu in 2014 after the pair were introduced by mutual friend, Arnon Milchan, a major Hollywood producer. The Australian billionaire later bought a waterfront home next door to the Israeli PM's private beachfront home in Caesarea and was a special guest at speeches delivered by Mr Netanyahu to the US Congress and UN General Assembly in New York in 2015. GLITTERING GIFTS Israeli police believe Mr Packer gave gifts worth $US71,000 to Mr Netanyahu, his wife Sara and their son Yair. In 2016 Israeli TV network Channel 10 aired claims that Mrs Netanyhau received 10 tickets to see Mr Packer's then girlfriend Mariah Carey in concert. Mr Packer is also claimed to have allowed Yair to stay in his Tel Aviv apartment, lent him his private jet to go on holiday, and picked up his luxury hotel bills in New York and Aspen, Colorado. Mr Milchan, who produced hit movies including LA Confidential and 12 Years A Slave, and The Big Short, was questioned by police about $US214,000 worth of gifts, including cigars and champagne, he gave the Netanyahus. QUESTION TIME Mr Packer was interviewed by Australian Federal Police in Melbourne in December 2016 after requests from Israeli investigators. He reportedly described Mr Netanyahu as a friend and said the gifts were organised by Mr Milchan's assistant. Mr Netanyahu later reportedly told investigators he had 'now and again' asked Mr Packer to 'bring me something to Israel from abroad'. Israeli police do not allege any wrongdoing by Mr Packer. But in a statement they said they had concluded there was sufficient evidence against the prime minister regarding fraud and breach of trust in connection with Mr Packer, and accepting bribes, fraud and breach of trust regarding Mr Milchan. RESIDENCY BID Interior Minister Aryeh Deri in January 2017 confirmed Mr Packer's lawyer asked him about the possibility of obtaining citizenship or residency for the billionaire in Israel, despite the fact he is not Jewish. Mr Packer reportedly registered with Israel's tax office, a prerequisite to applying for residency, in 2016. 'NOT WORRIED AT ALL' Mr Netanyahu has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing. During his first state visit to Australia in February 2017 he insisted nothing would come of the police investigation into his ties with Mr Packer as there was 'nothing there, except friendship'. 'No I'm not worried at all. Not at all,' he told reporters. While Mr Netanyahu and his family have not denied accepting gifts, they have insisted they weren't bribes. NEXT STEPS Attorney-General Avihai Mendelblit will review the material gathered by police before deciding whether Mr Netanyahu should be charged, a process that could take several months. 
963712698893692928	2018-02-14 09:53:06	https://t.co/LKAO2K5fsq	7 disasters that could RUIN your Valentine's Day https://t.co/LKAO2K5fsq	 Did you wake up this morning with a tummy-flip of excitement in anticipation of what your partner has planned for today? Just one word of advice if this is you: manage those expectations. Valentine’s Day is a lot like New Year’s Eve: the pressure’s on for everything to be just perfect – one reason why even the most solid couples end up having a row. Here’s how to avoid the seven scenarios ready to ruin your day… You hate your present It really is the thought that counts with Valentine’s presents, so if your partner gives you something that screams ‘You don’t know me at all’, it can be quite disturbing! I’m not talking awful, scratchy cheap underwear with bits cut out (men will continue to think bright red nipple cut-out bras are sexy until the end of time). More a stuffed toy when you’re quite obviously the type who pointedly chucked your teddy out of the window when you were two. Tickets to a heavy rock concert when you’re into R&B, a ghastly, heavy musky perfume when you don’t wear any at all, a wine appreciation course when you hardly drink – it’s beyond disappointing to receive a gift that suggests your partner actually doesn’t know you at all. Damage control: Some (most) men are rubbish at buying gifts. They genuinely wouldn’t have a clue what to buy so ask any female they know for ideas, and don’t factor in your personality or individual taste. If that’s the scenario, this is more about him being clueless or not paying attention, than not caring. Solve it by telling him exactly what you want next Valentine’s: he’ll be grateful, you’ll be happy. If it’s yet another case of your partner not listening to or seeing you, time for a serious chat – but not tonight. Instead, think through exactly what’s troubling you and why and calmly talk it through later. They’ve made no effort and not organised anything A nice present is just the start - dinner out somewhere very romantic that’s been booked months in advance is a given, right? So how come he’s handing over a box of chocolates and generic champagne, still in a Sainsbury’s bag, and asking ‘What’s for dinner?’ Damage control: If you’re all dressed up with nowhere to go, it shouldn’t take long before he realises his mistake – and goes gratifyingly white. Ask if he has booked anywhere (you never know, he could be toying with you) and if he says no, he thought you’d just pop down to your local, then you’re completely justified to tell him you’re disappointed and upset. (If indeed you are.) The world divides on Valentine’s Day: some people see it as a day to celebrate love others a crass, commercial exploitation of it. Everyone’s entitled to their opinion but if your partner knows it’s a big deal to you, some effort should have been made. Point this out so he’ll understand for next year then set a date for a belated romantic Valentine’s weekend away or a suitably fancy dinner out, just the two of you, to make up for this one. Flowers arrive at work and they’re pathetic The rest of the office are receiving elegant, expensive bouquets, yours is a buy-one-dozen, get-the-other free jobbie from FlowersRUs. It makes him look cheap (aka that he doesn’t care about you) and you feel horribly embarrassed. No flowers at all would be preferable to these droopy, sorry looking red roses. Damage control: What’s your partner’s income level and financial commitments? If he doesn’t earn much and is struggling to pay his electricity bill, what seems pathetic to you could be a big stretch for him. If he’s doing just fine thanks very much, the only other get out clause is that he’s a bit of a lad and hasn’t the foggiest which flower shops are classy and which are best avoided. Even if he’s flush and knows your taste well, lots of men think buying anything other than red roses on Valentine’s is an insult (the least interesting bouquet of all, surely?) and most florists know they can get away with murder so chuck anything together. You send a card anonymously to their work and they don’t mention it Anyone who sends anything anonymous on Valentine’s Day is asking for trouble - especially if it’s early into the relationship. He might be totally committed to you but scared to acknowledge the card in case you didn’t send it and some dodgy ex-girlfriend did. Or he thinks you think he’ll get loads of cards from lots of women and is trying to look cool by not automatically assuming it’s from you. Or he’s assuming you’ll be inundated and doesn’t want to look like a loser for knowing it’s from you. And the list goes on of how this can backfire. Even if you’ve been happily married for years, don’t jump to the conclusion something’s going on if he doesn’t mention it - it might have got lost in the post and never arrived. Damage control: Don’t assume the worst – that you aren’t the only person in his life – and do keep a sense of humour. Tease him: ‘So how many dozen Valentines’ did you receive today then?’. Asking (almost) directly gives him the green light that he’s to ‘fess up that he knows it’s you. Follow that up with a light-hearted, ‘Didn’t you know it was me?” when he does - and watch his body language. If there’s someone else on the scene, it’s likely he’ll avoid eye contact and touching you and swiftly change the subject. If there isn’t, he’ll immediately jump in with reassurances. You were expecting a declaration that didn’t happen like a proposal or for him to say ‘I love you’ You’re on tenterhooks all evening waiting for the moment when he’ll say the words you’ve been longing to hear; next thing you know, the night’s over, he’s asleep - and you’re lying there devastated. Even worse, your friends have been texting all night asking if anything has happened yet. Damage control: A lot of women might love it but lots of guys are cynical about Valentine’s Day (too many years of watching the price of flowers and restaurant prices double for a week). You might think proposing on Valentine’s Day is fairy tale perfect, he might think it’s clichéd and corny. Ditto choosing that day to suggest moving the relationship forward in any way. It doesn’t mean things aren’t going to happen, it just means it’s not happening on that particular day. Another reason might be that your timing’s are off. We assume that people fall in love and are ready for the next step at the same time but, in reality, it’s often not the case. Dashed Valentine’s Day expectations are actually a good springboard for honest discussions about where the relationship is headed. All the other couples in the restaurant are loved up; he’s acting like it’s any other (non-romantic) day I refuse to go out to restaurants on Valentine’s Day because I find it excruciating watching couples struggling to live up to some sort of ideal of how they should be acting. Looking longingly into each other’s eyes, holding hands all evening, reminiscing about how you met and how broken you’d be if you split up – if you’re six months or less into your relationship, you might well behave like everyone’s supposed to tonight. Or you might be like the rest of the world and act, well, like you do normally. Damage control: Not all couples are naturally affectionate or good at talking about their emotions and manage just fine the rest of the year. Valentine’s shines a spotlight on anything that’s lacking in your relationship. If going out to lovey-dovey restaurants results in one of you feeling confused about what the hell they should be doing and the other feeling hurt or angry at imagined slights, don’t go. Do what sane couples do on Valentine’s Day: stay in and cook! You don’t end up having sex In rom-coms, Valentine’s starts with flowers, progresses to dinner and ends with hot, lusty sex and sheet-clutching, simultaneous orgasms. So how come your Valentine is snoring gently, passed out from over-indulging in booze and food, with your gorgeous new lingerie unseen and wasted. Damage control: I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again: you’re far better having sex before going out for dinner than you are with over-full bellies and sleepy heads. Ask any long-term couple how often they have hot sex on Valentine’s Day – the answer is not often. There’s another reason why: love and sex push two very different buttons. If you’ve spent all night being sentimental and romantic, your body is flooded with dopamine (the cuddle hormone) not testosterone (the sexy one). It’s up for spooning and snuggling, not rampant sex. Here’s the one thing you DO need to worry about… In case you haven’t sensed the theme here, it’s this: don’t read too much into things on Valentine’s Day. The pressure is intense and the potential for something to go wrong is high. Stay off social media - pictures do lie! – and try to stay as grounded as possible. There’s only one thing that you do need to sit up and pay attention to tonight – phone usage. If your partner spends most of the evening checking their phone secretively, hiding the screen from you and/or taking it with them to the loo for longer than usual (without a good reason why), it’s a BIG red flag that someone else has their attention and affection. That warrants a response, most other Valentine’s quibbles are mere blips on your relationship radar. For more advice on love and sex or for Tracey’s product ranges for men, women and couples visit traceycox.com 
963709436291403776	2018-02-14 09:40:09	https://t.co/36gMLGhkcj	‘Unprecedented’ life-sized camel sculptures dating back 2,000 years are discovered engraved in rock in Saudi desert https://t.co/36gMLGhkcj	 Life-sized camel sculptures dating back 2,000 years have been found at an inhospitable site in the Saudi desert. While artistic depictions of camels have existed in the region going back millennia, the latest discovery is described as 'unprecedented' in its scale. Located in the province of Al Jawf in north-west Saudi Arabia, Camel Site, as it is known, was explored by a Franco-Saudi research team. The sculptures, some incomplete, were carved into three rocky spurs, and the researchers were able to identify a dozen or so reliefs representing camels. However, why the artists chose to carve these animals in such a remote area remains a mystery. Scientists suggest the area may have once been a place of worship, or that the camels were used as boundary markers. The study was conducted by researchers based at the Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique (CNRS) in France and colleagues from the Saudi Commission for Tourism and National Heritage (SCTH), who explored the Camel Site in 2016 and 2017. Archaeologist Guillaume Charloux, a research engineer at CNRS in France, said: 'Though natural erosion has partly destroyed some of the works, as well as any traces of tools, we were able to identify a dozen or so reliefs of varying depths representing camelids and equids. 'The life-sized sculpted animals are depicted without harnessing in a natural setting. 'One scene in particular is unprecedented: it features a dromedary meeting a donkey, an animal rarely represented in rock art. 'Some of the works are thus thematically very distinct from the representations often found in this region. 'Technically, they also differ from those discovered at other Saudi sites - frequently simple engravings of dromedaries without relief - or the sculpted facades of Al Ḩijr. 'In addition, certain Camel Site sculptures on upper rock faces demonstrate indisputable technical skills. 'Camel Site can now be considered a major showcase of Saudi rock art in a region especially propitious for archaeological discovery.' According to the study, engraving and, less often, painting were the most commonly used techniques in Arabian rock art, whereas sunken reliefs and sculptures in high-and-low relief were reserved for architectural decoration. As such, Arabian rock art from the Neolithic period (10,000 BC) to modern times tends to be linear and two-dimensional. The most common themes in the Arabian peninsula are scenes of war, hunting, processions of animals (dromedaries, ibex, wild goats, cattle), enigmatic symbols and geometric, zoomorphic and anthropomorphic figures engraved among graffiti and monumental rock-cut inscriptions. The researchers wrote in their study that the 'relative scarcity of ancient Arabian rock reliefs has been a significant barrier to understanding the development, function and socio-cultural context of such art'. The researchers said that, though the site is hard to date, comparison with a relief at Petra in Jordan leads them to believe the sculptures were completed in the first centuries BC or AD. They said its desert setting and proximity to caravan routes suggest Camel Site - ill suited for permanent settlement - was a stopover where travelers could rest or a site of worship. Human presence in the Arabian Peninsula dates back one million years. Out of 4,000 registered archaeological sites in Saudi Arabia, 1,500 include rock art. The earliest examples date to around 12,000 years ago. These depictions show masked men and women dancing, and experts believe they could be mythological figures, although the meaning remains unclear. Between ten and eight thousand years ago people started herding animals and carrying out primitive agriculture. During this period, drawings increasingly show cattle and dogs. Experts believe these animals had been domesticated and were part of their everyday life. Some include images of rare antelope, aurochs, wild camels and African asses, previously not known to live in this area. Aurochs, the ancestors of modern domestic cattle, were also depicted in the drawings as well as wild camels and African wild asses. Archaeologists also uncovered drawings from this period depicting a hunter drawing his bow surrounded by a pack of 13 dogs, two of which appear to be tethered. The find is thought to be the oldest ever depiction of a dog, as well as such restraints being used to control them. Previously, the earliest evidence came from a wall painting in Egypt which is believed to date back around 5,500 years. All of the carvings show medium-sized creatures with pricked up ears, short snouts, and curled tails, suggesting they are domesticated rather than wild animals. Experts say they closely resemble the modern species of Canaan dog, found running wild in the deserts of the Middle East today. From five thousand years ago, circular stone structures and other archaeological remains suggest sedentary communities were starting to form. They had temples and sculpted images of deities on stones or rock faces. There are lots of similar depictions of goddesses with wide hips, raised hands and open fingers. Source: Bradshaw foundation 
963707406449631232	2018-02-14 09:32:05	https://t.co/LHkDopeqPf	Genes can pinpoint the time of death of crime victims to within close to an HOUR in major CSI breakthrough https://t.co/LHkDopeqPf	 Genetic clocks that begin ticking after someone dies could help CSI teams better pinpoint time of death. Forensics teams currently work out when someone has died using their body temperature, which falls by 1.5°C (2.7°F) an hour. They can also guess it based on rigor mortis or using insects around the corpse. But a new study claims genes could provide a simpler way to pinpoint a time of death to within close to an hour. Scientists have found a 'cascade' of genetic changes which happen when we die, which fuel the death of cells in the body and the shutdown of the immune system. The clearest readings come from the skin, thyroid, subcutaneous fat and lungs, as genes no longer need to ferry oxygen from the lung to the rest of the body. The researchers, who examined genes in 129 dead bodies, say they came up with a time of death accurate to within 63.75 minutes. They say the method could be a 'powerful tool', noting that current forensic techniques may be unreliable and inaccurate. However researchers, led by the Centre for Genomic Regulation in Barcelona, stress that their findings have not yet been proven to work beyond 24 hours after death. Lead author Dr Pedro Ferreira, from the University of Porto in Portugal, said: 'We found that many genes change expression over relatively short post-mortem intervals, in a largely tissue specific manner. 'This information helps us to better understand variation and also it allows us to identify the transcriptional events triggered by death in an organism.' Changes in the genes begin as soon as someone dies, with the most obvious ones seen between seven and 14 hours later. While there are few immediate changes in areas of the body such as the spleen and the brain's cerebellum, big changes are seen in the muscle and colon for example. The study looked at gene expression – the process by which the instructions in our genes are converted into a functional product, like a protein. They identified 187 important genes after death, including the HBA1 and HBA2 genes which transport oxygen from the lungs and change their behaviour after someone stops breathing. Working out the time of death is described as a 'problem of central importance' in the study, which is published in the journal Nature Communications. The authors add: 'Traditional methods for this task rely on physical modifications observed on the body, including algor, livor and rigor mortis. However these approaches may be unreliable or inaccurate.' Rigor mortis, where the muscles stiffen or relax after death, provides the current best time of death. But the new genetic method uses tissue which is easily available, offering more options in crime cases where remains are found instead of a whole body. Genes may help pinpoint a crime victim's time of death, scientists claim. Researchers recently looked at 9,000 samples from 36 different type of bodily tissue from donated cadavers. For each sample, the scientists knew how long had passed between death and the preservation of the body. Researchers found that after death, different tissues responded in a wide variety of ways. Some genes, for example, can continue to work for up to four days in a last-ditch attempt to save their cells - despite the death of the host. While the clearest readings come from the skin, thyroid, subcutaneous fat and lungs, the readings for the spleen and brain changed very little after death. To find out how gene expression changed once a person had died, the research team compared blood samples ante-mortem (before death) and post-mortem (after death). By doing this, the researchers found a 'cascade' of genetic changes that fuel the death of cells in the body and the shutdown of the immune system. These cascades involved a chemical called RNA, a molecule which is very similar to DNA, but does not form the famous double-helix structure. RNA is heavily involved in turning our genetic code into usable materials, such as proteins. In order to gain an idea of activity decrease in the different tissues of the body after death, researchers looked at the levels of RNA. They found the decrease in RNA levels was consistent and could be used to accurately trace back to the time of death. Although it isn't ready to be used in the field yet, the levels of RNA were found to be consistent across several different corpses. Scientists believe they can use these readings to predict time of death to within an hour. However researchers, led by the Centre for Genomic Regulation in Barcelona, stress that their findings have not yet been proven to work beyond 24 hours after death. 
963704386902986754	2018-02-14 09:20:05	https://t.co/KCP58XCRPQ	Your sleeping position could be making you ill https://t.co/KCP58XCRPQ	 A bad night's sleep isn't just unpleasant, it's dangerous. Existing problems like a bad back, period pains or even a cold can be worsened by sleeping poorly. The position you sleep in can have a lot to with this. The way you sleep affects the way blood moves around your body, as well as putting pressure on various parts of your body for many hours at a time, which may impair circulation. If you find your sleeping position uncomfortable, or wake from a troubled night not feeling rested: there are a few different positions you can try to manage your discomfort. Acid reflux Acid reflux is a burning feeling in the chest caused by stomach acid travelling up towards the throat, casually known as heartburn. Eating a large meal right before bed increases the chance of gettin heart burn. However, some people may be predisposed to it, or suffer from gastro-oesophageal reflux disease (GORD). If you are suffering from acid reflux, lie on your right side, with your arms out in front of you. Your knees should be bent and slightly pulled up towards your abdomen. Dr John de Caestecker, consultant gastroenterologist from University ­Hospitals Leicester, told the Mirror: ''The gullet joins the stomach on the left side so by lying on the right, food can move more effectively through the digestive tract. 'If you do have to eat late, research shows raising the head of the bed a few inches can alleviate symptoms. It's a much better option than adding more pillows, which you're likely to roll off and can crease you up in the middle and hinder digestion,' he said. Painful back A bad sleeping position can actually exacerbate problems with your back and spine. As before, lay your arms out in front of you. Lie on either side, bending your knees slightly and try to keep your hips in line with the rest of your body, as opposed to curling inward. Place a pillow between your knees that they rest about the width of your hips apart. This position may feel strange at first, but you should persist beyond the feeling. Nasal congestion You should not sleep on your back if you're suffering from a cold, or anything that stuffs the sinuses. Instead, you should lie on your side with extra pillows to elevate your head, to help the congestion to drain naturally. You may need to experiment with adjusting your arms and legs so that they are comfortable as well. PMS Unusually, you actually should lie on your back for period-related pain. Put a pillow underneath your knees to take pressure off your upper back (you can use two if you're still uncomfortable). Sleeping on your side would put pressure on the breasts, while sleeping face down puts pressure on the uterus, only making symptoms worse. Painful hips from running Once again, you should sleep on your back. This takes pressure off your hips, which can become swollen after too much running - a condition known as bursitis. Chartered physio Sammy Margo, author of The Good Sleep Guide says: 'Side-lying puts ­pressure on your hips. 'Dozing on your back gives your hips a break from the stress of walking and sitting all day. 'If it feels good, prop a pillow under your knees for added support.' Sore neck You should sleep on your back with your neck as straight as possible to prevent it from crinking. If you grind your teeth while you sleep Grinding your teeth at night is said to affect 8 per cent of adults and can, obviously, damage your teeth, as well as change the overall shape of your face. By lying on your back, your jaw muscles should naturally sag and stretch with gravity. Keep your arms relaxed but straight at either side, because we naturally tend to roll toward bent arms. Snoring Snoring can actually be resolved by lying on your front - but it's not necessarily advisable. When you lie on your front your throat muscles don't fall backwards, which causes snoring. However, for a lot of the above mentioned problems: lying on your front can make things worse. 'When lying on the front, too many or too few pillows will affect the neck position and put it out of alignment with the spine. 'This ups the likelihood of nerve compression, especially in older people,' says Sammy. 
963686918121836544	2018-02-14 08:10:40	https://t.co/eLIXRFJ30K	Online gallery captures some of the world's WORST Valentine's Day gestures https://t.co/eLIXRFJ30K	 Singletons are likely seeking refuge from the public displays of affection demonstrated by couples across the world today. But many of the 'romantic' gestures featured here could make you relieved you aren't in a relationship this Valentine's Day. The online gallery, compiled by BoredPanda, showcases some of the most unconventional - and occasionally downright bizarre - gifts people have received from their Valentine. In many cases, disorganised lovers have been forced to resort to last minute options for their other halves, like uninspiring coupons or, in one case, a second-hand phones. Elsewhere, a woman shared a photo of the bunch of asparagus she was presented with, instead of daffodils. Whether the photos make you laugh or cringe, these photos might provide some comfort to anyone disappointed with the 'same old' red roses - or those spending the most loved-up day of the year on their lonesome. 
963682321563078660	2018-02-14 07:52:24	https://t.co/q0IUFdJhSV	Impressive footage shows two German kayakers plucking a terrified RABBIT to safety with their bare hands https://t.co/q0IUFdJhSV	 Impressive footage shows two men in kayaks rescue a rabbit which became stranded in the middle of a flood. Footage shows the two men, from the Dogman Tierhilfe animal rescue service, rowing around the Rhine, which overflowed onto the banks after heavy rainfall. They had spotted the rabbit fighting for its life after being caught out in the difficult weather conditions in the town of Leichlingen in Germany. Speaking in German, the rescuers can be heard shouting instructions to each other as they desperately try to reach the frightened creature. It can be seen jumping across branches of a tree almost engulfed by water, trying to find a way to reach the bank. Filming on his GoPro, one of the kayakers can be seen approaching the little rabbit, but it scampers away as soon as he draws near. Seconds later, the same kayaker can be seen pulling the lifeless body of one rabbit from the water, laying it tenderly on a tree trunk stump. Then, clutching at the branches of the tree, he drags himself and his kayak to where the other rabbit was heading, holding a white net ready to act quickly. But suddenly the rabbit emerges from the water and he manages to grab it with his bare hands. He carefully places it in a plastic cage and rows to shore where his colleague is waiting. The rabbit is transferred to another box and taken away to be treated, before being released back into the wild. It is not clear exactly where on the river the two men performed their impressive rescue.
963628796007116800	2018-02-14 04:19:42	https://t.co/g2MRwO93Dj	Denmark's Prince Henrik dies aged 83 with Queen Margrethe by his bedside https://t.co/g2MRwO93Dj https://t.co/0chJbM9VmG	 Denmark's Prince Henrik, who has died at the age of 83, will be cremated after he refused to be buried in a tomb prepared for him and his wife Queen Margrethe, it has emerged. The grieving royal family has declared a month of mourning after Henrik died 'peacefully in his sleep' at Fredensborg Castle, north of Copenhagen, last night. The palace said it would respect his wish not to be buried in a sarcophagus prepared for him and Margrethe who he said had never acknowledged him as her equal. A private funeral will be held on February 20 with half of his ashes spread in Danish waters and half buried on the grounds of the castle. Resenting never being named king, in 2016, he renounced the title of prince consort and spent much of his time at a chateau on a vineyard in southwestern France, although he remained married to the queen and officially still lived with her. In August 2017, French-born Henrik announced he did not wish to be buried next to the queen, breaking a 459-year-old tradition. Shortly afterwards, the palace announced he had dementia - he was hospitalised late last month with a lung infection. This morning, members of his family, including his son Frederik and daughter-in-law Mary, were seen arriving at the castle while flags have been lowered to half-mast nationwide. Scroll down for video Earlier on Tuesday, he was moved from a Copenhagen hospital to the family's residence, 'where he wishes to spend his last moments,' the royal palace said. He died at 11.18pm in his sleep with Queen Margrethe II of Denmark, and their children, Crown Prince Frederik of Denmark, 49, and Prince Joachim of Denmark, 48 at his side. Frederik had cut short his trip to the Winter Olympics and flown back from South Korea to be with his father after Prince Henrik's condition had 'seriously worsened' in recent days. Speculation has mounted since early last year that Queen Margrethe II will abdicate the throne. If this does happen, Frederik is next in line - which would leave his Australian wife Crown Princess Mary, 46, as queen consort. Danish Prime Minister Lars Lokke Rasmussen said the late prince had 'represented Denmark magnificently. 'His commitment was infectious, and his insight great.' The royal families in neighbouring Sweden and Denmark sent condolences. The Danish royal family has no political authority, but is one of the world's oldest kingdoms and prides itself on stability. Henrik, however, caused a scandal last August by announcing that when he died he didn't want to be buried next to Margrethe in the cathedral where the remains of Danish royals have gone for centuries. The queen already had a specially designed sarcophagus waiting for the couple. Born on June 11, 1934, in southwestern France to parents with the noble titles of count and countess, Henri Marie Jean Andre de Laborde de Monpezat married Denmark's future queen in 1967. Henri became Henrik and converted to Denmark's state Lutheran Church. However, he found it difficult to fit in with Denmark's egalitarian lifestyle. He was titled prince consort - the husband of a reigning queen but not a king - and he wasn't in the line of succession - his oldest son Frederik being the heir. * Prince Henrik was born Henri Marie Jean André de Laborde de Monpeza on 11 June, 1934. * Henrik was born in Talence, Gironde, France. He was the son of André de Laborde de Monpezat and his wife, Renée Doursenot. * Before his marriage, Henrik served in the French Army in the Algerian War, and worked for the French Foreign Affairs ministry at the French Embassy in London. * He later moved to Denmark in 1967 to marry the then-crown princess, Margrethe, and changed his name from Henri to Henrik. * The Queen and Prince Henrik had two children, Crown Prince Frederik and Prince Joachim, and eight grandchildren. * Prince Henrik's native language was French, and his second language was Danish. He also spoke fluent English, Chinese and Vietnamese. * Prince Henrik had a great affinity for poetry, which he wrote in his native language, French. Shortly after the royal marriage, media criticized Henrik because he had openly aired his views that spanking was good for children. In the mid-1980s, Henrik publicly said he wanted a paycheck instead of relying on the queen, who gets annual allowances. The law was eventually changed to give him roughly 10 percent of the annual allocation Parliament makes to royals each year. In a 2002 interview, Henrik again stunned Danes by saying he felt he had been pushed aside in his own home, not only by his wife but also by his son. This followed the annual royal New Year's reception for foreign diplomats, where Frederik had been host because his mother was unavailable due to a broken rib. 'For many years I have been No. 2,' Henrik told Danish tabloid B.T. 'I have been satisfied with that role, but after so many years in Denmark I don't suddenly want to become number three and become some kind of wearisome attachment.' Teased for his French accent and unable to understand why protocol required him to remain in his wife's shadow, Henrik never really found his place in Denmark. 'A lot of people think I'm a loser until I prove them wrong,' he once said. It wasn't until 1997 that he stood in for his wife at a public engagement for the first time. 'People are just used to considering Prince Henrik as ... a little dog that follows behind and gets a sugar cube once in a while,' he said. In 2002, he made headlines when he fled to his chateau in southern France to 'reflect on life', complaining he didn't receive enough respect in Denmark after his son, Crown Prince Frederik, was chosen to represent the queen at a New Year's ceremony instead of him. He said he felt 'pushed aside, degraded and humiliated. 'My self-respect is destroyed'. Some politicians dubbed Henrik's behaviour 'tiresome', while media had a field day, one television show conferring on him the title of 'Whiner of the Year'. But it also marked a turning point, as Danes saw a more vulnerable side of Henrik and slowly started to warm to him. Over time, his contrarian streak and flamboyance helped earn him cult status among young people. In 2013, he collaborated with Danish pop group Michael Learns To Rock, playing the piano on a track recorded for the king of Thailand. Months later he was photographed strolling with friends in the self-governed Copenhagen hippie community of Christiania, known for its cannabis trade, and in June 2014 he dressed up in a panda costume at a charity event. In April 2015 he controversially cancelled his appearance at Margrethe's 75th birthday celebrations for ill health, only to resurface in a tourist-packed square in Venice less than two days later. The tabloids were outraged, but fans saw it as the kind of erratic behaviour they had come to love him for. On Twitter, a popular radio show host wrote: 'Words cannot describe how much I love Henrik!' Prince Henrik was transferred from hospital to the family's residence north of Copenhagen last week, 'where he wished to spend his last moments', the royal palace said. He was first admitted to hospital on January 28 while he was travelling in Egypt, when he was diagnosed with a lung infection. He was quickly transported back to Copenhagen, where tests revealed a benign tumour in his left lung. Prince Henrik had also been diagnosed with dementia in September last year. A previous statement from the palace reported: 'Following a longer course of investigation, and most recently, a series of examinations conducted during late summer, a team of specialists at Rigshospitalet has now concluded that His Royal Highness Prince Henrik suffers from dementia.' On Friday, the palace said Prince Henrik's eldest son, Crown Prince Frederik, an International Olympic Committee member, had left the Winter Games in Pyeongchang because his father's condition had 'seriously worsened'. Over recent days, Margrethe and members of the royal family including Crown Prince Frederik and Crown Princess Mary have together or individually visited the prince at Copenhagen's university hospital before he returned to Fredensborg Palace. Henrik lived part of the year with the queen at the palace. 'Here the prince can be surrounded by the family and stay in an environment that matters to him,' Lene Balleby, Head of Communication, told Danish media. The palace, 20 miles north of Copenhagen, was used by Margrethe and Henrik as one of their residences. Henrik walked his dogs in the adjacent public park and the castle has seen scores of royal wedding parties, banquets and state dinners. The complex of 28 buildings and annexes was inaugurated in 1722 by King Frederik IV and additional construction was made under the three following monarchs. The prince first moved to Denmark from France in 1967 ahead of his June wedding to the then-crown princess, changing his French name, Henri, to Henrik. Before his marriage, he served in the French Army in the Algerian War, and worked for the French Foreign Affairs ministry at the French Embassy in London. Among his interests, Henrik had an affinity for poetry, which he wrote in French. Several of his poems have been published in poetry collections. Prince Henrik is a prince consort, not a king, as is traditional for men married to female monarchs. He retired from public service in 2016. A new press release issued from the palace on Wednesday confirmed that there will be a 'presentation' on Tuesday 20 February in Copenhagen to celebrate Prince Henrik's life. The palace also said that there will be a period of mourning until Wednesday 14 March, with the Royal family not participating in any events or entertaining until at least that point. When will Princess Mary become queen? Speculation mounts that Margrethe will abdicate due to Prince Henrik's death - leaving the Tasmanian to ascend to the throne with husband Frederik Speculation has mounted since early last year that Prince Frederik's mother, Queen Margrethe II, will abdicate the throne. If she were to, Crown Prince Frederik, 49, is next in line - which would leave Crown Princess Mary, 46, as queen consort. However, the editor of the The Australian Women's Weekly and author of The Royals In Australia, Juliet Rieden said an abdication by Queen Margrethe would be very unlikely. 'I talked to a lot of people in Denmark about this and the consensus is that Queen Margrethe is very unlikely to abdicate,' she told FEMAIL. 'The only reason that she would abdicate is if she became infirm and incapable of being a queen. 'Prince Henrik hasn't been by her side for a little bit so she is already used to taking the reigns on her own and done so very easily and with a lot of confidence so I don't imagine she will step aside now.' She added: 'Obviously Princess Mary will become Queen consort one day next to Prince Frederik who will be King but I don't think it will be in the next 12 months. 'You can never tell and other European monarchs have stepped aside for younger heirs but Queen Margrethe has always been very devoted to the job and she is known for that. 'There is a long tradition in Denmark for the head of state to stay in office for as long as he or she lives. In fact, the last time a Danish King resigned before he died was in 1523 so I think for Queen Margrethe to break with that historic tradition would be a big deal for Denmark.' Queen Margrethe II is the ruling monarch of Denmark, and she has had the throne since 1972 following the death of her father, King Frederick IX. Prince Frederik and Princess Mary will become King and Queen of Denmark at the time of Queen Margrethe's abdication or death. 
963613383605018624	2018-02-14 03:18:28	https://t.co/U1lsRan31O	Drug which relieves symptoms of psychosis could be used for Alzheimers patients https://t.co/U1lsRan31O	 Thousands of dementia patients could be helped by a new drug which relieves the devastating symptoms, scientists claim. They have developed a new medication to treat the symptoms of psychosis, which include terrifying delusions or hallucinations. Currently, many patients are given controversial antipsychotics – dubbed chemical cosh - which sedate patients without easing their symptoms. These drugs also greatly increase the risk of falls, strokes and premature death and speed-up the decline of their memory. Researchers from Exeter University believe the new drug Pimavanserin could be offered to half of the 850,000 patients with dementia in the UK. Up to 850,000 people in the UK have dementia – although only two thirds have been diagnosed – and about half suffer from the symptoms of psychosis. It is partly common in patients with Alzheimer’s Disease but also occurs in patients with less common forms of dementia. There is currently no safe nor effective treatment available for psychosis and the symptoms are extremely distressing for patients and their families. An early trial of Pimavanserin published in the Lancet Neurology journal found that it significantly reduced patients’ symptoms without causing harm. Professor Clive Ballard, who specialises in Age-Related Diseases at the University of Exeter Medical School, who led the research, said: ‘Psychosis is a particularly terrifying symptom of Alzheimer’s disease. ‘People may experience paranoia, or see, hear or smell things that are not there. It’s distressing both for those experiencing the delusions and for their carers. ‘It’s particularly encouraging that most benefit was seen in those with the most severe psychotic symptom, as this group is most likely to be prescribed antipsychotics. We are talking about vulnerable elderly, frail people who are suffering terrifying symptoms, being sedated with current antipsychotics even though its well-known that they cause terrible health issues and even death in people with dementia, and have very little benefit. The trial involved 181 patients with Alzhiemer’s Disease of whom half were given Pimavanserin and half a placebo. The treatment will now undergo further tests as part of a much larger study in the US, to assess is safety and effectiveness in a wider group of patients. It works in a very different way to the currently-used antipsychotics and blocks a specific nerve ending in the brain, which is responsible for the symptoms. Dr Doug Brown, Chief Policy and Research Officer at Alzheimer’s Society, said: ‘Around 50 per cent of people with dementia experience symptoms of psychosis, which is frightening and distressing for them as well as their carers. ‘This study suggests Pimavanserin can reduce symptoms of psychosis in people with Alzheimer’s, and it seems to avoid the heavy sedation or worsening of other symptoms associated with other anti-psychotic drugs. ‘Further testing is needed to determine if it has other side-effects, as it’s vital that any treatment reduces psychosis symptoms, but without negatively impacting the person’s quality of life. This is important progress in an area where new treatments are desperately needed, and we look forward to seeing the results of the next phase of testing.’ 
963597888986206211	2018-02-14 02:16:54	https://t.co/32YTXR9F3w	Campaigners slam new material that could replace controversial vaginal mesh implants https://t.co/32YTXR9F3w	 Angry vaginal mesh campaigners have blasted the announcement of a new material that could replace the one used in the controversial implant. Sheffield University scientists today revealed the creation of polyurethane - which they claim is better for women suffering prolapse or incontinence. But outraged victims who have had the procedure, which is common following childbirth, and have been left crippled by the side effects, warn it is no different to polypropylene, the current plastic material used. Thousands of women have been left suicidal, unable to have sex or even walk from the current material, which has prompted legal action across the world. Sling The Mesh, a campaign group calling for a ban, has almost quadrupled in size since the scandal was unearthed last April. Its founder, Kath Sansom, has relentlessly fought for action, and her tireless fights have led to the announcement of an audit to track those affected. Commenting on the new material, she told MailOnline: 'Poly means plastic and it is this which is causing such devastation. Plastic can shrink. It is not inert. 'Plastic does not belong in the body never mind in a woman's vagina. Women in my group have had allergic reactions, burning and pain [from mesh].' Ms Sansom, 49, a journalist in Cambridgeshire, added: 'Everyone keeps saying how incontinence and prolapse are distressing conditions and, yes, they are. 'But they are not as distressing as women having their lives shattered as the big medical manufacturing giants rub their hands with glee. 'They have zero care for women's welfare and are just desperate to make a quick income from flogging dangerous implants with little proof of safety.' Researchers at Sheffield's Department of Material Science and Engineering created polyurethane - which they say has a likeness to human tissue. The new material was found to be softer and more elastic, which they said would be better suited for use in the pelvic floor, with delicate organs close. In a 'major breakthrough', they made the material release oestrogen into surrounding pelvic tissue, which they claim speeds up the healing process. The hormone stimulates cells to produce new tissue and form new blood vessels - regenerating the tissue. Their creation was published in the Journal of Neurology and Urodynamics with the hope of developing a material that poses less risk to women. It will need to go through rigorous clinical trials before it is approved. The material has only been tested on chicken membranes in the laboratory. Professor Sheila MacNeil, who led the trial, blasted the complication rate for vaginal mesh procedures as 'frankly unacceptable'. She said: 'Surgeons who are experts in this area have concluded that there is a need for a new synthetic material that is better suited for use in the pelvic floor. 'We started our research because it was clear that the polypropylene mesh was not fit for use in the pelvic floor.' Professor MacNeil claimed surgeons have been treating incontinence and prolapse using 'the only synthetic material they had to hand'. WHAT ARE VAGINAL MESH IMPLANTS? Vaginal mesh implants are devices used by surgeons to treat pelvic organ prolapse and urinary incontinence in women. Usually made from synthetic polypropylene, a type of plastic, the implants are intended to repair damaged or weakened tissue in the vagina wall. Other fabrics include polyester, human tissue and absorbable synthetic materials. Some women report severe and constant abdominal and vaginal pain after the surgery. In some, the pain is so severe they are unable to have sex. Infections, bleeding and even organ erosion has also been reported. WHAT ARE THE DIFFERENT TYPES OF MESH? Mini-sling: This implant is embedded with a metallic inserter. It sits close to the mid-section of a woman's urethra. The use of an inserter is thought to lower the risk of cutting during the procedure. TVT sling: Such a sling is held in place by the patient's body. It is inserted with a plastic tape by cutting the vagina and making two incisions in the abdomen. The mesh sits beneath the urethra. TVTO sling: Inserted through the groin and sits under the urethra. This sling was intended to prevent bladder perforation. TOT sling: Involves forming a 'hammock' of fibrous tissue in the urethra. Surgeons often claim this form of implant gives them the most control during implantation. Ventral mesh rectopexy: Releases the rectum from the back of the vagina or bladder. A mesh is then fitted to the back of the rectum to prevent prolapse. HOW MANY WOMEN SUFFER? According to the NHS and MHRA, the risk of vaginal mesh pain after an implant is between one and three per cent. But a study by Case Western Reserve University found that up to 42 per cent of patients experience complications. Of which, 77 per cent report severe pain and 30 per cent claim to have a lost or reduced sex life. Urinary infections have been reported in around 22 per cent of cases, while bladder perforation occurs in up to 31 per cent of incidences. Critics of the implants say trials confirming their supposed safety have been small or conducted in animals, who are unable to describe pain or a loss of sex life. Kath Samson, founder of the Sling The Mesh campaign, said surgeons often refuse to accept vaginal mesh implants are causing pain. She warned that they are not obligated to report such complications anyway, and as a result, less than 40 per cent of surgeons do. Nice, which advises the NHS, announced the controversial vaginal mesh surgery should only be banned for prolapse - when organs fall out of place, and not incontinence. It is believed of the women in Sling The Mesh who have been given the controversial implant, three quarters were fitted with the device to treat their incontinence. The Nice verdict came after the Government released its three-year investigation into the mesh scandal last September. It rejected calls for a ban at the time. It followed the landmark news from New Zealand that all forms of pelvic mesh would be banned - becoming the first major country to do so. Officials in the country declared in December they would remove the controversial implants from supply and limit the use of surgical mesh products. Tiresome fights by campaigners, backed by MailOnline, has also led to Australian health officials making a similar move for prolapse operations. Watchdogs in the country banned the use of vaginal mesh implants for prolapse earlier in the same month after a review found benefits 'do not outweigh the risks'. NHS England estimates 100,000 women have undergone the procedure since it was introduced for surgeons to treat incontinence and prolapse in the 1990s. Health officials last month announced they will launch an audit into vaginal mesh implants to determine how many women have been affected in England. The true rate of complications is unknown, and the Government has been accused of sweeping issues from vaginal mesh under the carpet. Chiefs have remained adamant that only three per cent of patients will experience complications of vaginal mesh, which can curl, twist and cut through tissue. However, an array of trials into mesh - made of brittle plastic - have revealed the true rate of serious side effects is likely to be nearer the 10 per cent figure. At least 4,800 women have suffered lacerations and nerve damage from the mesh in England, but only 1,000 have reported it to the MHRA. However, campaigners stress these are just the tip of the iceberg and that actually there are thousands more - but they have been kept silent. Despite the risks, which have been widely publicised in recent months, most women experience no problem and doctors are adamant the procedure is beneficial. Sling The Mesh blasted the Government's 'weak' decision back back in December to recommend a ban on vaginal mesh implants for one procedure. Nice, which advises the NHS, announced the surgery should only be banned for prolapse - when organs fall out of place, and not incontinence. It is believed of the women in Sling The Mesh who have been given the controversial implant, three quarters were fitted with the device to treat their incontinence. The Nice verdict came after the Government released its three-year investigation into the mesh scandal last September. It rejected calls for a ban at the time. It followed the landmark news from New Zealand that all forms of pelvic mesh would be banned - becoming the first major country to do so. Officials in the country declared in December they would remove the controversial implants from supply and limit the use of surgical mesh products. Tiresome fights by campaigners, backed by MailOnline, has also led to Australian health officials making a similar move for prolapse operations. Watchdogs in the country banned the use of vaginal mesh implants for prolapse earlier in the same month after a review found benefits 'do not outweigh the risks'. A 65-year-old grandfather slammed the controversial vaginal mesh procedure that destroyed the life of his beloved wife and left her contemplating suicide. John Sharman, from Reading, revealed Lynne's heartbreaking account of the scandal-hit surgery in December. The father-of-three said it left her in unbearable pain and unable to have sex, following the emergence of hundreds of similar stories. Speaking to MailOnline, he explained her painstaking ordeal from a man's point-of-view, often forgotten amid the scores of women who have spoken. Mr Sharman announced he has sometimes thought about leaving Mrs Sharman, who he has been married to for 43 years, due to the effect the mesh has had on their marriage. Mr Sharman, who met his wife at a chess club, told MailOnline: 'It does impact your relationship and now I'm more of her carer than I am her lover and a husband. 'She has been left in constant pain which has totally altered our sex life, social life and the way we operate and what we do.' Vaginal mesh has been subject of various legal proceedings across the world, with figures suggesting more than 100,000 are suing manufacturers of the devices. The scandal came to light last April, when the NHS tried to dodge media attention over the implants that left hundreds of women in agony. Senior doctors immediately called for a public inquiry into the controversial mesh, with some claiming the scandal could be akin to thalidomide. At the time, 800 women were suing the NHS and device manufacturers. However, it is unsure how many women are now looking to take action in Britain. Mesh, introduced 20 years ago and dubbed 'gold-standard', was promoted as a quick, cheap alternative to complex surgery for incontinence and prolapse. Because it did not require specialist training to implant, victims of the procedure have since begged for tougher regulations to conduct such surgery. Vaginal mesh has been considered a high-risk device for nearly a decade in the US, with bodies accepting up to 40 per cent of women may experience injury. Some studies, published in an array of scientific journals, have shown that pain, erosion and perforation from the surgery can strike up to 75 per cent of women. The alarming evidence prompted officials in three US states to suspend the practice and saw them call for an urgent review into its safety. Scottish officials asked for it to be suspended in Scotland in 2014 pending a similar review, but hundreds of women are still believed to be having the surgery. Leading mesh manufacturer Johnson & Johnson was forced to pay out $57 million (£41m) last September to a woman fitted with the implant. Ella Ebaugh, 51, from Philadelphia, was awarded the eight-figure sum after a jury found the company to be negligent and its product defective. A mother-of-three has revealed she was on the brink of suicide after suffering agonising pain from a vaginal mesh implant she had fitted. Janette Nelson, 43, from Newtownards, Northern Ireland, said the only think that kept her going was her children, but she still battles guilt every day as she depends on them to help her wash, dress and even catheterise after the procedure left her unable to control her bladder. The former hairdresser also blames her implant for the breakdown of her relationship as her boyfriend left her when the pain was too severe for her to have sex. Unable to work, her career has also been destroyed. 'My children lost their mummy' Ms Nelson had the most common type of mesh, known as TVT, fitted in March 2012 in an attempt to cure her urinary stress incontinence. She said: 'Immediately once my tape was fitted I woke up with excruciating pain in my groin; its indescribable.' Just one week later, Ms Nelson wet herself while out with her children and now relies on her eldest daughter to help her catheterise every day. Due to the excruciating pain of the mesh, Ms Nelson has been forced to rely on her mother and sister to help her raise her children. She said: 'My children lost their mummy. I've been on the brink of suicide. 'My kids kept me going. I was useless as a mum but I'm still their mum. It's all been about me for the past few years.' 'My boyfriend left me because of it' As well as affecting her as a parent, Ms Nelson also blames the implant for the loss of her love life and career. She said: 'I had a boyfriend when this started but the sex was excruciating, neither of us could cope with it. My boyfriend left me because of it. 'I used to work as a hairdresser; always on my feet, always very confident, but now I can hardly walk and I can't control my bladder so I can't work. It's really knocked my confidence.' 
963584011061878785	2018-02-14 01:21:45	https://t.co/kmC8CkHWZr	Could gene editing cure AIDS? Scientists poised to re-try the risky operation https://t.co/kmC8CkHWZr	 Experts say gene therapy could finally be used to treat HIV and AIDS - after a decade of trying to replicate the transplant that cured a patient in Germany. Although there is no definitive cure for the disease, there have been many advances in treatment that have made it possible for patients to live longer lives. Last year, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention declared that people who religiously take their HIV medication for six months can reach a point where their virus is not transmittable. However, experts say gene editing — which has been recently approved by the FDA to treat cancer and a rare form of childhood blindness — has been developed to such an extent that it could be viewed as the best answer for a cure. Gene therapy can make cells more resistant to HIV Matt Chappell, of San Francisco, California, has been taking the strongest AIDS drugs for more than a decade, but they weren't able to full control his HIV infection. He then participated in a gene therapy experiment in 2014 where scientists removed some of his blood cells, disabled a gene to help them resist HIV, and returned these 'edited' cells to him. So far, it has given Chappell the next best thing to a cure. 'I've been off medications for three and a half years,' he said. He even was able to keep the virus in check despite cancer treatments last year that taxed his immune system. Chappell was lucky, though. Only a few of the 100 others in those experiments were able to stay off HIV drugs for a couple years; the rest still need medicines to keep HIV suppressed. Now researchers think they can improve the treatment and are trying again to tackle HIV by doctoring DNA. New studies to test these tweaked approaches in people are getting underway. 'Gene therapy techniques have advanced greatly,' said Dr Otto Yang of the UCLA AIDS Institute, one place working on this. 'A lot of people are thinking it's the right time to go back.' They include Dr Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, which is funding some of the new studies. Although Dr Fauci doesn't think the technique will become common because millions of people do well on existing treatments, he says it could help those who can't easily control the virus, and should be pursued because it holds potential for a cure. 'They're very bold, innovative techniques, mostly to try and cure people,' he said. 'It's worth trying because the science is there.' More and more experts are turning to gene-editing to prevent HIV. A 2016 study published in the Scientific Report revealed researchers at Temple University developed a gene editing method that detects HIV DNA in people's T cell genome, the DNA set of a type of white blood cells. Once the DNA is edited out, the loose ends of the genome that were once attached to the HIV infection are reunited by the cell's own DNA repair system. Not only is the cell HIV-free, but it's also protected from a new infection. Timothy Brown's cure gave hope So far, Timothy Brown is the one of only two people in history to have been cured of HIV. He had a bone marrow transplant more than a decade ago to cure his leukemia, and the stem cells came from a donor with natural immunity to HIV. The donor lacked a common gene that makes an entryway HIV uses to infect T cells. This transplant, which replaces a sick person's immune system with stem cells from the bone marrow of a healthy person, gave Brown that protection, but procedures like that are too risky and impractical for wide use. In fact, attempts to replicate Brown's procedure has been deadly. A report published by the New England Journal of Medicine in 2014 described six attempts to treat HIV patients with a stem cell donation, but none lived longer than a year. Scientists have been trying to find a way to create similar immunity by altering some of a patient's own cells. They use a gene editing tool called zinc finger nucleases, which cut DNA at a precise spot to disable the HIV entryway gene. The California company that makes the editing tool, Sangamo Therapeutics, sponsored the initial studies. 'It worked, the T cells were edited,' said Sangamo's president, Dr. Sandy Macrae. But it didn't work quite well enough: the altered T cells were outnumbered by T cells that were not altered and could still be infected. Now, Dr John Zaia at City of Hope, a research center in Duarte, California, is trying the approach with a twist. He's using blood stem cells — parent cells that produce many others. Once a stem cell is altered the benefit should multiply and last longer, Zaia said. Researchers were able to get rid of dormant HIV-infected cells Gene editing is a type of genetic engineering where DNA is inserted, deleted or modified to treat - and perhaps some day prevent - diseases. The FDA approved the method to treat blood cancer and a rare form of childhood blindness. In 2014, scientists removed blood cells from Matt Chappell, a man who's HIV-positive, disabled a gene to help them resist HIV, and returned the edited cells to him. Chappell has been off medication for three and a half years since his genes have been edited. Last year, researchers at Oregon Health and Science University successfully modified human embryos that had a genetic mutation responsible for an often fatal hereditary heart condition. However, a 2017 study published in Molecular Therapy was able to remove the virus in animals. Scientists at the Lewis Katz School of Medicine at Temple University (LKSOM) and the University of Pittsburgh were able to remove HIV DNA from three different animal models, including a mouse that was transplanted with a 'humanized' immune system. 'We also show that the strategy is effective in two additional mouse models, one representing acute infection in mouse cells and the other representing chronic, or latent, infection in human cells.' said Dr Wenhui Hu, associate professor in the Center for Metabolic Disease Research and the Department of Pathology. The fact that researchers were able to get rid of dormant or latent forms of the virus is a breakthrough. The latent form of the HIV means cells that are infected with the virus have stopped producing new HIV cells. According to AIDS Info, HIV medicine — which prevents the virus from multiplying — has no effect on groups of infected cells that aren't actively producing HIV, or latent reservoirs. This makes it hard for people to completely get rid of the virus. According to experts at AIDS Info, targeting and destroying latent reservoirs is one of the major challenges facing HIV researchers. Experts say gene therapy could be a long-term solution for HIV University of Pennsylvania scientists are trying a two-part approach: besides knocking out the gene for the HIV entryway, they're adding a gene to help T cells recognize and kill HIV. This second part is called CAR-T therapy, a treatment approved last year for treating cancer. The new study's leader, scientist James Riley, is encouraged that some patients at Penn who were in the early studies kept HIV suppressed for nearly a year without drugs. 'You'd never know they were sick' even though the virus could still be detected, Riley said. 'At some point you're going to have confidence that it's not going to come back.' Chappell's doctor, Christopher Schiessl at One Medical, a health clinic in San Francisco, hopes that's the case for Chappell. Although he's doing well now, Chappell is showing signs that his immune system may be weakening, Schiessl said. Chappell is optimistic, and believes gene therapy ultimately will provide a long-term solution. 'If we're going to cure HIV,' he said, 'this is how it's going to happen.'
963568444741488640	2018-02-14 00:19:54	https://t.co/xQ72JXgaYi	Google's next version of Android may embrace the iPhone X-style notch https://t.co/xQ72JXgaYi	 Google may be planning to embrace the smartphone 'notch.' The next version of Google's mobile operating system, Android P, is expected to support newer phone designs, such as the notch used that's already used in Apple's iPhone X, Bloomberg reports, citing sources close to the situation. Newer smartphones are designed with notches that house cameras and other sensors, in order to accommodate for edge-to-edge screens that take up almost the entire front-facing display. Android P might also be able to support other new smartphone designs, such as models that have multiple screens and foldable displays, Bloomberg said. The new Android version will also include further integration with Google's voice-activated Assistant, while improving battery life for Android smartphones. By adding accommodations for the smartphone notch, Google may be trying to carve out a bigger share of the high-end device market, according to Bloomberg. Apple consumers have traditionally been more willing to shell out extra cash for the Cupertino, Calif.-based company's products, most recently the wallet-busting $999 (£999) iPhone X. Designing around the notch could also mean that more advanced features are coming to Android phones, such as facial recognition technology and sensors that power a wide variety of augmented reality applications. Not all Android phones are likely to have notches, however. Thousands of brands make smartphones that can run Android, so the operating system can be tweaked based on the device. It's possible that Google is planning to introduce a notch to its next generation Pixel phone, likely to be called the Pixel 3, PCWorld noted. Some Android devices already include a notch, such as an upcoming Huawei smartphone, the P20, which has a smaller notch. The Essential phone, which is made by former Android CEO Andy Rubin, also features a notch at the top of the screen. Samsung has also explored ways to advance their screen designs in upcoming smartphones to accommodate for advanced features like facial recognition technology and AR sensors. A patent filed last month showed off a prototype smartphone that has two holes drilled into the top of the screen, presumably to embed cameras and other sensors. The phone is almost entirely bezel-free, except for some very thin borders around the edges of the phone. The Korean tech giant recently filed a patent showing off a prototype smartphone design that features two holes drilled into the top of the screen. The holes are likely meant to house cameras and other sensors. The phone is almost entirely bezel-free, except for some very thin borders around the edges of the phone. The concept describes an 'electronic apparatus with a hole area' that would be able to include all those elements, plus an 'optical sensor,' seemingly referring to facial recognition technology of some kind. Users would be able to decide whether images take up the full width and length of the display, or to restrict images with a small bezel at the top and bottom of the front screen. In the filing, Samsung notes that smartphone screens have become larger, yet the size is 'restricted' by features like a speaker to receive phone calls, a camera and a home button. If Samsung's design works well enough, it's possible that Apple may introduce it to its own line of flagship smartphones, just like it adopted wireless charging after Samsung had that feature for several years. The patent doesn't indicate if or when Samsung may introduce a notch-less smartphone. The concept describes an 'electronic apparatus with a hole area' that would be able to include all those elements, plus an 'optical sensor,' seemingly referring to facial recognition technology of some kind. This might mean that more devices will include features like Apple's Animoji and Face ID. Some Samsung phone already have facial recognition technology. As Apple introduced these kinds of futuristic features in its next-generation iPhone X, it ended up receiving some criticism around the notch. Some consumers don't like the fact that the notch takes up so much space, while reviewers called the feature ugly. 
963552235463630848	2018-02-13 23:15:29	https://t.co/xpnp9kYwR8	The secret payload aboard SpaceX's orbiting Tesla Roadster https://t.co/xpnp9kYwR8	 New insight has emerged on the contents of Elon Musk's Falcon Heavy, which blasted off from Cape Canaveral earlier this month. The Tesla Roadster is carrying a small disc developed by researchers at the University of Southampton in England. The disc, which looks like a shrunken DVD, is storing information on human knowledge and was designed by a group aiming to preserve history called the Arch Mission Foundation. This includes Isaac Asimov's Foundation trilogy, a series of science fiction books. Scroll down for video A statement from the organization said: 'We believe that the purpose of life is to evolve and spread intelligence across the universe. 'Ancient civilizations accomplished this by preserving their data in stone, a very long lasting medium - for example, The Pyramids of Giza.' The Arch Mission Foundation said that the disc is among the 'longest-lasting storage objects ever created by humans' and that it will be 'stable' for 14 billion years. The technology, made of quartz silica glass, was created by Dr Peter Kazansky and was written by a laser. 'Data is encoded digitally using plasma disruptions from the laser pulses,' the foundation's statement explained. The organization's goal is to store human knowledge in different corners of the solar system. Its statement thanked Elon Musk for allowing the foundation to include one of its discs in his Tesla. 'Our goal at the Arch Mission Foundation is to permanently archive human knowledge for thousands to billions of years. 'We exist to preserve and disseminate humanity's knowledge across time and space for the benefit of future generations.' It claims that its libraries, such as the one sent into space via Musk's Tesla, are 'durable under the harsh environments of space and the surfaces of other planets'. The Arch Mission Foundation hopes to eventually expand and send libraries to the moon and Mars, and its statement requests donations to make this possible. The Foundation says that it hopes to send data sets into space to help humans develop a spacefaring civilization. Musk's cherry red sports car and its ‘driver,’ Starman have already settled into their new home. Now that the unconventional payload has reached orbit, NASA has officially designated it a celestial object. This means the Roadster and the ‘spacesuit-wearing mannequin’ have joined the ranks of all other objects being monitored in the solar system, from satellites to planets and asteroids. The latest addition to NASA's record was spotted by meteorologist and writer for Grist, Eric Holthaus. Musk’s Roadster can now be found through the online Horizons tool from NASA’s Jet Propulsion Lab. Where is the roadster going? Starman was meant to be on a 250-million-mile (400m km) journey to Mars' orbit, propelled by the main module, which separated from Falcon Heavy shortly after launch. But in a slight hiccup, Elon Musk admitted SpaceX overshot Falcon Heavy's third booster burn, sending Starman further into the solar system than was originally planned. The new orbit will sent the Roadster on a journey into the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter. What will happen to it? The main force that will tear the car apart over hundreds of millions of years in space is radiation. This will particularly affect the plastics and carbon-fibre frame. '[Those materials] are made up largely of carbon-carbon bonds and carbon-hydrogen bonds,' Dr William Carroll, a chemist at Indiana University told Live Science. On Earth we are protected by a powerful magnetic field and atmosphere that shields us from the worst of radiation from the sun and cosmic rays. Radiation in space causes those bonds to break which will eventually cause the car to fall to pieces. 'When you cut something with a knife, in the end, you're cutting some chemical bonds,' Dr Carroll said. 'All of the organics will be subjected to degradation by the various kinds of radiation that you will run into there,' he said. How long will it last? 'Those organics, in that environment, I wouldn't give them a year,' Dr Carroll said. The well-secured inorganic materials, such as the aluminium frame and internal metals, would last longer, meaning it could still be recognisable in at least a million years. However, it is unlikely it will avoid all collisions with micrometeorites and other space junk in the meantime. Before the launch Musk said there was a chance the car might hit Mars. Now on its new path it's not clear whether the car might run into some other space object. In a description of the new celestial object, NASA wrote: ‘Dummy payload from first launch of SpaceX Falcon Heavy launch vehicle consisting of a standard Tesla Roadster automobile and a space-suit wearing mannequin nicknamed Starman.’ And, it reveals some more details on what else is inside the vehicle. ‘Also includes a Hot Wheels toy model Roadster on the car’s dash with a mini-Starman inside,’ the description continues. 'A plaque on the attachment fitting between the Falcon Heavy upper stage and the Tesla is etched with the names of more than 6,000 SpaceX employees.’ While NASA says its trajectory has been determined based on GPS data, the space agency also indicates that things could change at any time. ‘Prediction errors could increase significantly over time due to unmodeled solar pressure, thermal radiation, or outgassing accelerations that are not characterized.’ Starman's 250-million-mile journey through space is set to be an unpredictable one, after already straying off the planned course to voyage past Mars. Many have begun to question what will happen to the Roadster and Starman as they drift further along. Experts say the outlook could be pretty grim; the Roadster will have to face tough conditions in outer space, namely thousands of micometeorites and dangerous cosmic radiation. 
963538498132369408	2018-02-13 22:20:54	https://t.co/g6goG3O884	NASA reveals the amazing moment Earth blocks out the ENTIRE face of the sun as 'eclipse season' begins https://t.co/g6goG3O884	 NASA's sun-observing spacecraft has captured colorful images of the moment the earth blocked its view of the sun. In a short animation posted on Tuesday, the Solar Dynamics Observatory's (SDO) view of a purple-colored sun is interrupted as Earth completely covers its surface. The sun isn't actually purple, but it looks that color because the images were taken in a wavelength of extreme ultraviolet light. This kind of ultraviolet light is a type that's usually invisible to the human eye, so NASA noted that it's been colorized in purple. Scroll down for video The event marks the beginning of the SDO's eclipse season, which is a three-week period that comes twice a year near the equinoxes. When this happens, the earth blocks the SDO's view of the sun for a short moment each day, NASA said. 'The eclipses are fairly short near the beginning and end of the season but ramp up to 72 minutes in the middle,' the agency explained. 'The SDO's orbit is designed to maximize the amount of data the spacecraft can send back to earth, but twice a year Earth gets in the way of the spacecraft's view,' they added. The Solar Dynamics Observatory keeps a constant eye on the sun, studying its atmosphere and effects on the near-Earth environment. The satellite has been monitoring the sun since 2010 and has captured some fascinating footage since then. In 2015, the SDO captured its 100 millionth image of the sun, according to CNET. NASA noted that the spring eclipse season began on February 10 with a partial eclipse and ends on March 5. The Solar Dynamics Observatory (SDO) is a Nasa mission that has been observing the sun since it launched on February 11, 2010. The goal of the SDO is to understand the influence of the sun on the Earth and near-Earth space. It does this by studying the solar atmosphere on small scales of space and time and in many wavelengths at the same time. The last time that humans were able to see a total solar eclipse was last August, in a historic event where we could see the shadow of a solar eclipse passing over our planet's surface. People who live in Chile or Argentina will be able to view a total solar eclipse in 2019, but the next time we'll be able to see one in North America won't be until 2024. The next total solar eclipse after that will place at August 12, 2026, and will be seen from the Arctic, Greenland, Iceland, Spain and Northeastern Portugal. On September 2nd, 2035, a large number of people in China, northern Japan and Korea will witness a total solar eclipse. Between 2023 and 2038, the greatest number of total solar eclipses will take place in Australia: There will be five solar eclipses visible from the continent between April 20th, 2023 and December 26th, 2038. A partial solar eclipse will be visible in Antarctica and some parts of South America on Thursday, but it's not as noticeable as a total solar eclipse. Solar eclipses could start to appear different in our lifetime if new research from the University of California, San Diego proves true. In a paper published last week, scientists believe they've pinpointed exactly when the next solar minimum could occur, saying the sun could become 'unusually cool' as soon as 2050. The scientists were able to track when the next solar minimum will arrive by analyzing the sun's 11-year cycle, where it experiences active and quiet periods known as the solar maximum and solar minimum. They're calling the next cold period a 'grand minimum,' during which conditions could echo those experienced in Europe in the mid-17th century. The sun may become much dimmer than is usually experienced during a solar minimum. In a solar minimum, the sun's magnetism diminishes, fewer sunspots form and less ultraviolet radiation makes it to the surface of the planet. As a result, the sun's surface is clearer and it becomes dimmer. When a solar minimum occurs, it doesn't mean that the sun will become dull, it just means its surface activity changes. 
963533268736987137	2018-02-13 22:00:07	https://t.co/ZLQWmcjGYj	Battered skulls of a Mesolithic group are found mounted on wooden stakes in 8,000-year-old underwater grave https://t.co/ZLQWmcjGYj	 A group of 8,000-year-old human skulls, some embedded on stakes, has been found in a mysterious underwater grave that has baffled archaeologists. One of the pierced skulls, found preserved in what was once a prehistoric lake in Sweden, was discovered with some of its brain tissue still intact. The gruesome discovery challenges our understanding of European Stone Age culture and how these early humans handled their dead, experts said. The finding, from researchers at Stockholm University and Sweden's Cultural Heritage Foundation (CHF), is the first evidence that Stone Age hunter-gatherers displayed heads on wooden spikes. 'Here, we have an example of a very complex ritual, which is very structured,' lead researcher Dr Fredrik Hallgren, from CHF, told Live Science. 'Even though we can't decipher the meaning of the ritual, we can still appreciate the complexity of it, of these prehistoric hunter-gatherers.' Uncovered at the Kanaljorden excavation site near Sweden's Motala Ström river, the skulls were found alongside the remains of at least 12 individuals, including an infant. Of the adults found, four were identified as male, and two as female. One of the men was in his fifties when he died, while two were younger, aged between 20 to 35. The infant skeleton is nearly complete, suggesting the child was either stillborn or died shortly after birth. Seven of the adults likely died in agony and had suffered serious trauma to their head before they died, which researchers suggest were the result of non-lethal, violent blows. These may have been the result of interpersonal violence, forced abduction, warfare and aids of socially-sanctioned violence between group members. The bodies were placed atop a densely packed layer of large stones in what would have been an elaborate underwater burial between 7,500 and 8,500 years ago. Only one of the bodies still had a jawbone when it was buried, which experts suggest were removed as part of the burial ritual. Interestingly, the group's head injuries were gender-specific, with males found with marks near the top of the head, above the so-called hat brim line, while the females had cracks near the back and right side of their skulls. Scientists said they don't know what sort of weapon was used to inflict the damage, and that the wounds were serious but could not be tied to the cause of death. 'Though the lesions were not lethal, they must have affected the individuals - induced pain, bleeding, and a risk of secondary infections,' study coauthor and Stockholm University archaeologist Dr Anna Kjellström told Gizmodo. 'Furthermore, even less severe head trauma may cause loss of consciousness, internal bleeding, or even permanent mental impairment.' Three of the skulls, including two with stakes driven through them, showed evidence of sharp force trauma after death. The stakes were forced upwards through the foramen magnum, the large oval opening at the bottom of the skull and reached through the top of the head. They were likely used to mount the skulls before they were buried in the lake. 'The fact that two crania were mounted suggests that they have been on display, in the lake or elsewhere,' Dr Kjellström said. Skulls whose jaws had been removed were chosen for the display. 'Since we did not find any sharp trauma showing active attempts to separate the lower jaw from the skulls, this indicates that the individuals much likely were buried in another place before the depositions... One interpretation could be that this is an alternative funeral act.' Experts uncovered 400 intact and fragmentary pieces of wooden stakes at the site, a number of which may have been used to mount objects that have since decayed. As well as human remains, the Stone Age site was littered with butchered animal bones, including several severed jaws, and tools carved from antler horn. Researchers say further research is needed to understand why the ancient group buried their dead in such an unusual fashion. Stone Age hunter-gatherers are not known to remove body parts as part of burials, with many grave site showing evidence of a respect for bodily integrity after death. Only until later in history did groups begin to display heads on stakes, such as European colonists mounting skulls of murdered indigenous peoples. The Stone Age burial was likely a group of key tribe members that were removed from where they were initially displayed and placed in the lake, researchers said. 'The people who were deposited like this in the lake, they weren't average people, but probably people who, after they died, had been selected to be included in this ritual because of who they were, because of things they experienced in life,' Dr Hallgren said. Dr Mark Golitko, an archaeologist at the University of Notre Dame, who was not involved in the study, told Live Science: 'There's clearly something ritual going on here. What all that means, I don't think we'll ever know.' The Mesolithic period, also called Middle Stone Age, is an ancient time period (8000 BC to AD 2700) that took place between the Paleolithic Period (Old Stone Age) with its chipped stone tools, and the Neolithic Period (New Stone Age) with its polished stone tools. The Mesolithic period's material culture is characterized by greater innovation than the Paleolithic. Among the new types of chipped stone tools were microliths: very small stone tools intended for mounting together on a shaft in order to produce a serrated edge. Polished stone was another innovation that arose in some Mesolithic groups. Northern European Mesolithic people (called Maglemosian's), who flourished at about 6000 BC, left behind traces of primitive huts with bark-covered floors and adzes for working wood. At Starr Carr in Yorkshire, there are signs that four or five huts existed there, with a population of around 25 people. There is evidence that these sites may only have been occupied on a seasonal basis. Aracheologists have also found smaller flint tools from this group. These were mounted as points or barbs for arrows and harpoons and were also used in other composite tools. They used adzes and chisels made of antler or bone, as well as needles and pins, fish-hooks, harpoons and fish spears with several prongs. Some larger tools made of ground stone, such as club heads, have also been found. Wooden structures have also been found and have remained well-preserved due to the preservative qualities of bogs. Some of the structures discovered include ax handles, paddles and a dugout canoe, and fishnets were made using bark fibre. Deer were hunted as well as fish and waterfowl, and some varieties of marsh plants may have been used.
963528292577042433	2018-02-13 21:40:21	https://t.co/wuAV5UYF5G	Going VEGAN can prevent overweight adults from falling victim to diabetes, ‘important’ study concludes https://t.co/wuAV5UYF5G	 Going vegan can prevent overweight adults from developing type 2 diabetes, an 'important' new study has concluded. Following a plant-based diet can boost insulin sensitivity - considered the driving factor of the potentially deadly condition, in fat people. And scientists also found being vegan, which is soaring in popularity, can improve beta-cell function - which store and release insulin. It is believed the benefits of the diet, consisting of fruits, vegetables and legumes, stems from tackling bulging waistlines and aiding weight loss. The study, led by researchers at the Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine, Washington DC, adds to the health benefits of a vegan diet. Dr Hana Kahleova, lead author of the trial conducted on patients without diabetes, said: 'The study has important implications for diabetes prevention. 'Fortunately, this study adds to the growing evidence that food really is medicine and that eating a healthful plant-based diet can go a long way in preventing diabetes.' Often thought of as harmless, type 2 diabetes is a hidden killer and can lead to heart failure, blindness, kidney disease and leg amputations. It is caused by having too much glucose in the blood because the body's way of turning it into energy is not working properly. As the condition progresses, sufferers often need to maintain a healthy diet, exercise and a combination of medications to manage it. Someone's life expectancy with type 2 diabetes is likely to be reduced as a result of the condition, by up to 10 years, it is believed. The condition strikes around 30 million Americans, while in the UK there are 3.8 million diabetes patients in the UK - with 90 per cent having type 2. Researchers assigned 75 participants - who were overweight and had no history of diabetes - into two groups. Half followed a low-fat vegan diet for 16 weeks, based on fruits, vegetables, whole grains and legumes. The others made no dietary changes. Neither group changed their exercise routines, according to the study published in the journal Nutrients. Using mathematical models, researchers calculated those on a vegan diet had an increase in insulin secretion after eating meals. They also had a better beta-cell glucose sensitivity - another marker of the condition - compared to those in the control group. Vegan participants also experienced a decrease in blood sugar levels while fasting and during meal tests. Such levels often spike in patients at-risk of diabetes. The researchers concluded that vegans experienced weight loss following the diet, which gave them the benefits noted. The new findings add to the existing portfolio of evidence that highlights the health benefits of adopting a vegan diet and cutting out meat. It has previously been found to improve cholesterol levels, lower blood pressure and slash the risk of the world's leading killer - heart disease. Diabetes is a serious life-long condition that occurs when the amount of sugar in the blood is too high because the body can't use it properly. Patients have to regular monitor their glucose levels to prevent them from developing any potentially fatal complications. Type 1 diabetes patients are often recommended to test their blood sugar at least four times a day. For type 2 patients, doctors advise to test twice a day. Blood glucose levels should be between the ranges of 3.5–5.5mmol/L before meals and less than 8mmol/L, two hours after meals. Hypoglycemia (when blood sugar drops below 4 mmol/L) can occasionally lead to patients falling into comas in severe cases. However, it most often can be treated through eating or drinking 15-20g of fast acting carbohydrate, such 200ml of Lucozade Energy Original. Sufferers can tell they are experiencing a hypo when they suddenly feel tired, have difficulty concentrating or feel dizzy. Type 1 diabetes patients are more likely to experience a hypo, because they rely of the medications they take, including insulin. Hyperglycemia (when blood sugar is above 11.0 mmol/L two hours after a meal) can also have life-threatening complications. It happens when the body either has too little insulin, seen in type 1, or it can't use its supply properly, most often in type 2. In the short-term, it can lead including ketoacidosis - which causes ketones to be released into the body. If left untreated, hyperglycemia can lead to long-term complications, such as impotence and amputations of limbs. Regular exercise can help to lower blood sugar levels over time, and following a healthy diet and proper meal planning can also avoid dangerous spikes. 
963523198401867776	2018-02-13 21:20:06	https://t.co/oiVWy3fVAg	Russian 'hacking genius' accused of 'dark web' fraud posed with tigers and crocodiles before FBI-ordered arrest https://t.co/oiVWy3fVAg	 A Russian 'hacking genius' accused of helping defraud $530 million out of Americans, enjoyed hiding out in Thailand and posing with exotic snakes, crocodiles and tigers before his arrest, DailyMail.com can exclusively reveal. Sergey Medvedev, 31, was arrested in Bangkok on February 2 by local authorities on an United States extradition demand. The hacking supremo is at the heart of $530 million suspected scam, where he allegedly ran a 'one-stop shop for cyber-criminals', including selling hardware to compromise cash machines in many countries. Medvedev is seen in photos with his Thai wife holding a python, and in another, posing with his pet Mexican Black King Snake, which he feeds live mice. The snake-lover also flaunted his toned body and described himself as a 'strongman wannabe', as the Russian showed all the signs of enjoying his luxury tropical lifestyle. Medvedev beams in a photo where he stands in front of a tank of crocodiles. He also calls himself a 'competitive eater and food lover'. The suspected cyber criminal king did not try to hide himself away in five years of regular visits to Thailand. His pictures from social media are a stark contrast to images showing him handcuffed in Bangkok, as the U.S. demands for his extradition to face trial. There are no clues in his picture collection about his alleged double life, except for one photo where Medvedev uses an ATM. Medvedev is accused of running a 'one-stop shop for cyber-criminals', including selling hardware to compromise cash machines in many countries, and faces extradition to the US in around one month, Thai authorities said. His operation caused astonishing half billion dollar losses for individuals and businesses who were compromised when their bank accounts, credit and debit cards were hacked, the US Justice Department said. Originally from the Ural Mountains, he is also suspected of involvement in selling drugs and weapons, Russian news agency Sputnik said. He possessed more than 100,000 bitcoins when he was detained on February 2, the Bangkok Post reported. His 'criminal group' used the motto 'In Fraud We Trust', it is alleged. The U.S. indictment described Medvedev as his criminal group's co-founder along with Svyatoslav Bondarenko, It is claimed he had operated a payment system for 11,000 members who gained access to business and private bank accounts and cards. It is not immediately clear if he is suspected of collusion with the Russian authorities but members of his cyber criminal network were forbidden from stealing from people in his motherland, it is alleged. Thai authorities said their U.S. colleagues had been tracking Medvedev and his associates for two years. Police Major Nuthapong Rattanamongkolsak said:'Before the operation could be ready, they had to recheck their targets in various countries.' He told journalists: 'Medvedev is the head of a criminal organisation which has affected the global economy and public in general. 'He concealed his identity in cyberspace and traded in illicit items using digital currency to avoid arrest.' Medvedev made repeated trips to Thailand using tourist visas, it is claimed. He had a hideout in a Bangkok condominium. He had been travelling to Thailand since 2012, yet found time to graduate from Ural Federal University in 2014, it is claimed. The US-led crackdown, called Operation Shadow Web, on the dark-web organisation occurred simultaneously in 14 countries last week. Accomplices were arrested in Australia, Britain, Italy, Ivory Coast, Kosovo and the US. 'It is one of the biggest crackdowns on international criminal syndicates by the Justice Ministry [Department} of the US,' a Thai police source said. Medvedev was one of the 36 individuals cited in an indictment for racketeering and their involvement with Infraud, which allegedly allowed its members to buy and sell credit card and other financial information. A police statement said officers were able to arrest Medvedev by performing stake-outs, behavioral analyses, and by investigating his online activity. His operations led to drug-selling, rare illegal weapons and involved stolen credit card PINs, protected wild animals and illegally obtained government documents. The Russian embassy in Bangkok has complained that they had not been informed officially about Medvedev's detention. Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova has accused Washington of 'hunting' for Russian nationals in third countries. Medvedev is now 'detained at Bangkok Remand Prison waiting for U.S. authorities to take him for prosecution in the U.S.,' Thai sources said.
963520939332907009	2018-02-13 21:11:07	https://t.co/TMFqtZ5GXu	Impressive footage shows two German kayakers plucking a terrified RABBIT to safety with their bare hands https://t.co/TMFqtZ5GXu	 Impressive footage shows two men in kayaks rescue a rabbit which became stranded in the middle of a flood. Footage shows the two men, from the Dogman Tierhilfe animal rescue service, rowing around the Rhine, which overflowed onto the banks after heavy rainfall. They had spotted the rabbit fighting for its life after being caught out in the difficult weather conditions in the town of Leichlingen in Germany. Speaking in German, the rescuers can be heard shouting instructions to each other as they desperately try to reach the frightened creature. It can be seen jumping across branches of a tree almost engulfed by water, trying to find a way to reach the bank. Filming on his GoPro, one of the kayakers can be seen approaching the little rabbit, but it scampers away as soon as he draws near. Seconds later, the same kayaker can be seen pulling the lifeless body of one rabbit from the water, laying it tenderly on a tree trunk stump. Then, clutching at the branches of the tree, he drags himself and his kayak to where the other rabbit was heading, holding a white net ready to act quickly. But suddenly the rabbit emerges from the water and he manages to grab it with his bare hands. He carefully places it in a plastic cage and rows to shore where his colleague is waiting. The rabbit is transferred to another box and taken away to be treated, before being released back into the wild. It is not clear exactly where on the river the two men performed their impressive rescue.
963518192831401984	2018-02-13 21:00:13	https://t.co/1ps30rpYJ5	Ancient footprints reveal how prehistoric children had far more responsibilities than kids today https://t.co/1ps30rpYJ5	 Western society has a rather specific view of what a good childhood should be like; protecting, sheltering and legislating to ensure compliance with it. However, perceptions of childhood vary greatly with geography, culture and time. What was it like to be a child in prehistoric times, for example – in the absence of toys, tablets and television? In our new paper, published in Scientific Reports, we outline the discovery of children’s footprints in Ethiopia which show how children spent their time 700,000 years ago. We first came across the question of what footprints can tell us about past childhood experiences a few years back while studying some astonishingly beautiful children’s footprints in Namibia, just south of Walvis Bay. In archaeological terms the tracks were young, dating only from around 1,500 years ago. They were made by a small group of children walking across a drying mud surface after a flock of sheep or goats. Some of these tracks were made by children as young as three-years-old in the company of slightly older children and perhaps young adolescents. The detail in these tracks, preserved beneath the shifting sands of the Namibian Sand Sea, is amazing, and the pattern of footfall – with the occasional skip, hop and jump – shows they were being playful. The site also showed that children were trusted with the family flock of animals from an early age and, one assumes, they learnt from that experience how to function as adults were expected to within that culture. But what about the childhood of our earlier ancestors – those that came before anatomically modern humans (Homo sapiens)? Children’s tracks by Homo antecessor (1.2m to 800,000 years ago) were found at Happisburgh in East Anglia, a site dating to a million years ago. Sadly though, these tracks leave no insight into what these children were doing. But the footprints described in our recent study – from a remarkable site in the Upper Awash Valley of Southern Ethiopia that was excavated by researchers from the Università di Roma “La Sapienza” – reveal a bit more. The children’s tracks were probably made by the extinct species Homo heidelbergensis(600,000 to 200,000 years ago), occurring next to adult prints and an abundance of animal tracks congregated around a small, muddy pool. Stone tools and the butchered remains of a hippo were also found at the site, called Melka Kunture. This assemblage of tracks is capped by an ash flow from a nearby volcano which has been dated to 700,000 years ago. The ash flow was deposited shortly after the tracks were left, although we don’t know precisely how soon after. The tracks are not as anatomically distinct as those from Namibia but they are smaller and may have been made by children as young as one or two, standing in the mud while their parents and older siblings got on with their activities. This included knapping the stone tools with which they butchered the carcass of the hippo. The findings create a unique and momentary insight into the world of a child long ago. They clearly were not left at home with a babysitter when the parents were hunting. In the harsh savannah plains of the East African Rift Valley, it was natural to bring your children to such daily tasks, perhaps so they could observe and learn. This is not surprising, when one considers the wealth of ethnographic evidence from modern, culturally distinct human societies. Babies and children are most often seen as the lowliest members of their social and family groups. They are often expected to contribute to activities that support the mother, and the wider family group, according to their abilities. In many societies, small boys tend to help with herding, while young girls are preferred as babysitters. Interestingly, adult tools – like axes, knives, machetes, even guns – are often freely available to children as a way of learning. So, if we picture the scene at Melka Kunture, the children observing the butchery were probably allowed to handle stone tools and practice their skills on discarded pieces of carcass while staying out of the way of the fully-occupied adults. This was their school room, and the curriculum was the acquisition of survival skills. There was little time or space to simply be a child, in the sense that we would recognise today. This was likely the case for a very long time. The Monte Hermoso Human Footprint Site in Argentina (roughly 7,000-years-old) contains predominantly small tracks (of children and women) preserved in coastal sediments and it has been suggested that the children may have played an important role in gathering seafood or coastal resources. Similarly, most of the tracks in the Tuc d'Audoubert Cave in France (15,000-years-old) are those of children and the art there is striking. 55 million years ago - First primitive primates evolve 15 million years ago - Hominidae (great apes) evolve from the ancestors of the gibbon 8 million years ago - First gorillas evolve. Later, chimp and human lineages diverge 5.5 million years ago - Ardipithecus, early 'proto-human' shares traits with chimps and gorillas 4 million years ago - Ape like early humans, the Australopithecines appeared. They had brains no larger than a chimpanzee's but other more human like features 3.9-2.9 million years ago - Australoipithecus afarensis lived in Africa. 2.7 million years ago - Paranthropus, lived in woods and had massive jaws for chewing 2.3 million years ago - Homo habalis first thought to have appeared in Africa 1.85 million years ago - First 'modern' hand emerges 1.8 million years ago - Homo ergaster begins to appear in fossil record 1.6 million years ago - Hand axes become the first major technological innovation 800,000 years ago - Early humans control fire and create hearths. Brain size increases rapidly 400,000 years ago - Neanderthals first begin to appear and spread across Europe and Asia 200,000 years ago - Homo sapiens - modern humans - appear in Africa 40,0000 years ago - Modern humans reach Europe Perhaps they were present when it was carved and painted? However, these observations contrasts to the story that emerged last year based on tracks from the older Homo Homo erectus (1.5m-year-old) at Ileret, located further south in the Rift Valley, just within the northern border of Kenya. Here the tracks have been interpreted as the product of adult hunting groups moving along a lake shore, rather than a domestic scene such as that at Melka Kunture. However, these scenes aren’t mutually exclusive and both show the power of footprints to provide a snapshot into past hominin behaviour. But it does seem like the overwhelming parenting lesson from the distant past is that children had more responsibilities, less adult supervision and certainly no indulgence from their parents. It is a picture of a childhood very different from our own, at least from the privileged perspective of life in Western society. 
963507666751508486	2018-02-13 20:18:23	https://t.co/UMSvwotirw	Google launches its Snapchat-like Stories format to provide mobile users with 'visually rich' news articles https://t.co/UMSvwotirw	 Google has launched a new platform for creating bite-sized 'visually rich' content for viewing on mobile devices. Amp Stories works in a similar way to rival Snapchat's Discover Stories, providing full-screen tap-through articles. From today, anyone can try out a developer preview of the service, which features swipeable slides of text, photos, graphics and videos. The project could lead to a new way of accessing news and entertainment, as well as major changes to the way Google search results appear in the future. Scroll down for video The move is part of Google's push to speed up the Internet for mobile users, the Accelerated Mobile Pages (Amp) project, first announced in 2015. Amp was originally conceived as way of improving performance and loading times of web pages on mobile devices, such as tablets and smartphones, independent of the model or operating system. In its early days, this was largely centred around text-based content, like news items and recipes. This then led to more complex multimedia stories from news sites, including MailOnline, appearing at the top of search results with the lightning Amp logo. Amp Stories steps up these efforts, in an attempt to deliver standalone content rich in visuals, video and animation. Anyone familiar with Snapchat, Instagram and Facebook is likely to have encountered similar Stories on these platforms. But with the power of Google as the search engine of choice for billions of people worldwide behind them, Amp Stories could offer serious competition to its rivals. Existing Amp stories can already be accessed via a trial section of Google's search results viewed on mobile platforms. This will rolled out as a permanent feature at some point in the future. In a written statement, Rudy Galfi, product manager for AMP, said: 'On mobile devices, users browse lots of articles, but engage with few in-depth. 'Images, videos and graphics help publishers to get their readers' attention as quickly as possible and keep them engaged through immersive and easily consumable visual information. 'The collective desire was that this format offer new, creative and visually rich ways of storytelling specifically designed for mobile.' Amp stories are built on the technical infrastructure of Google's Accelerated Mobile Pages. Just like any web page, a publisher hosts an AMP story HTML page on their site and can link to it from any other part of their site to drive traffic. The format comes with preset but flexible layout templates, standardised user interface controls, and components for sharing and adding follow-on content. Google hopes that this will make the process of creating and distributing content as painless as possible for publishers. Anyone interested in testing out the new feature can visit a tutorial page on Amp's website to get started. Alphabet, Google's parent company, is an American multinational conglomerate company headquartered in Mountain View, California. The company, incorporated on July 23, 2015, is a holding company. The company's segments include Google Inc. and its 'Other Bets', including Access, Calico, CapitalC, GV, Nest, Verily - a life sciences research organisation, self-driving car-hailing service Waymo, Nest products and services (a smart thermostat firm) and X, a 'moonshot' company aimed at launching technologies to 'make the world a radically better place.' On July 8, 2015, Google's stock prices were priced at $541.7. But in the lead up to the formation of Alphabet, stock prices surged to $699.62 on July 17, 2015 - an increase of 28.45%. From July 9, 2015 to January 30, 2018, Alphabet's stock prices rose by 116%. Alphabet's current stock price is $1,181.59, although the tech giant's shares slid 2.3% in after-hours trade on February 1, 2018 following Alphabet's reported loss of $3 billion (£2.1bn) for the fourth quarter of 2017, as it set aside $11 billion for taxes - an estimated $9.9 billion (£6.9bn) was for taxes on repatriated earnings. The vast majority of Alphabet's revenue continues to come from Google and its various business, most notably its advertising network - revenue from Google's ad business grew by 21 per cent from last year and accounts for 84 per cent of Alphabet's total revenue. However, the company's so-called Other Bets saw revenues rise from $262 million (£183m) last year to $409 million (£286m) in the last quarter. Source: MacroTrends.net 
963503094796640256	2018-02-13 20:00:13	https://t.co/oKSYG534Fs	Facebook launches new Lists feature in bid to get users sharing more personal content https://t.co/oKSYG534Fs	 Facebook wants users to post fewer viral videos and share more about themselves. That's the message it seems to be sending with a new feature called 'Lists' that's rolling out to some Facebook users starting on Tuesday. Like the name suggests, the tool lets users post numbered to-do lists, travel wishlists, how-to lists and bucket lists, among other things. Lists will now appear in users' news feeds as they scroll through Facebook. Scroll down for video The feature is meant to encourage users to post more personal status updates that may spark conversation from friends. Users can also pose questions to their friends as a way to give or receive helpful advice and tips. To try out the tool, users click in the status update box, then navigate to the option that prompts users to create a list. There, users can choose from a variety of colored, gradient backgrounds and select between a bulleted or numbered list. After adding a title, users can also add emojis to their lists. Facebook has been gradually overhauling status updates on the news feed over the past year or so. In 2016, the firm introduced colored backgrounds to status updates, as part of an effort to encourage text posts. Facebook on Tuesday introduced a 'Lists' tool that lets users post to-do lists, lists of their favorite songs, bucket lists and other topics. The feature is only available for some users right now, but it will become available for everyone soon. In the Lists tool, users can choose from a variety of gradient backgrounds and add emojis. They can also choose whether they want to post a numbered or bulleted list. To access the tool, click in the status update box on your news feed. From there, navigate to the option that prompts users to create a list. Users can also ask their friends questions and get advice. So far, some have posted how-to lists, cooking recipes, lists of the best places they've eaten and more. It was also testing a colored comment feature for some time, though it's unclear whether that will be ever be rolled out officially. A few savvy users had spotted that Facebook was testing a Lists feature last month, noting that it could be used to construct how-to lists like 'How to make a cup of boiling water.' On Tuesday, one Twitter user questioned whether the Lists feature would be used to generate more targeted ads for users. Adam Mosseri, head of Facebook's news feed product responded to the tweet, saying: 'We built lists because we saw lots of people creating lists as long as statuses and with pictures, and thought it would be good to make it easier for people to create lists first class.' Facebook's news feed has gradually become a place for users to post videos, memes and news alongside a plethora of ads. The firm has also seen a drop in the number of personal posts being shared by users, with those kinds of posts declining by about 21% between 2014 and 2015, according to the Information. But with lists, Facebook is hoping users will start sharing more personal content that can be shared or reposted by friends, which might make them want to come back to the site more often. It's not the only way that Facebook is trying to generate more reasons for users to return to Facebook. Facebook on Monday said it plans to add a news section to its Watch tab, where use can watching breaking news videos, Recode reports. Campbell Brown, Facebook's head of news partnerships and a former NBC News anchor, didn't say when the feature would be rolling out or which news organizations will be broadcasting. It's part of a broader effort by Facebook to re-shape what kinds of news content are shared and prioritized on the website. Facebook has begun emphasizing local news and, last month, started asking users to evaluate which news outlets they trusted the most. Facebook launched the Watch tab in August 2017, billing the platform as a place for users to watch professional-grade video content from outlets like millennial-focused news and entertainment creators Vox Media, BuzzFeed and ATTN. Since then, the firm has tried to add more live content and may be planning to feature more content from individual creators in a bid to compete directly with YouTube. 
963497776075198466	2018-02-13 19:39:05	https://t.co/QQmdmAu4Kq	Your sleeping position could be making you ill https://t.co/QQmdmAu4Kq	 A bad night's sleep isn't just unpleasant, it's dangerous. Existing problems like a bad back, period pains or even a cold can be worsened by sleeping poorly. The position you sleep in can have a lot to with this. The way you sleep affects the way blood moves around your body, as well as putting pressure on various parts of your body for many hours at a time, which may impair circulation. If you find your sleeping position uncomfortable, or wake from a troubled night not feeling rested: there are a few different positions you can try to manage your discomfort. Acid reflux Acid reflux is a burning feeling in the chest caused by stomach acid travelling up towards the throat, casually known as heartburn. Eating a large meal right before bed increases the chance of gettin heart burn. However, some people may be predisposed to it, or suffer from gastro-oesophageal reflux disease (GORD). If you are suffering from acid reflux, lie on your right side, with your arms out in front of you. Your knees should be bent and slightly pulled up towards your abdomen. Dr John de Caestecker, consultant gastroenterologist from University ­Hospitals Leicester, told the Mirror: ''The gullet joins the stomach on the left side so by lying on the right, food can move more effectively through the digestive tract. 'If you do have to eat late, research shows raising the head of the bed a few inches can alleviate symptoms. It's a much better option than adding more pillows, which you're likely to roll off and can crease you up in the middle and hinder digestion,' he said. Painful back A bad sleeping position can actually exacerbate problems with your back and spine. As before, lay your arms out in front of you. Lie on either side, bending your knees slightly and try to keep your hips in line with the rest of your body, as opposed to curling inward. Place a pillow between your knees that they rest about the width of your hips apart. This position may feel strange at first, but you should persist beyond the feeling. Nasal congestion You should not sleep on your back if you're suffering from a cold, or anything that stuffs the sinuses. Instead, you should lie on your side with extra pillows to elevate your head, to help the congestion to drain naturally. You may need to experiment with adjusting your arms and legs so that they are comfortable as well. PMS Unusually, you actually should lie on your back for period-related pain. Put a pillow underneath your knees to take pressure off your upper back (you can use two if you're still uncomfortable). Sleeping on your side would put pressure on the breasts, while sleeping face down puts pressure on the uterus, only making symptoms worse. Painful hips from running Once again, you should sleep on your back. This takes pressure off your hips, which can become swollen after too much running - a condition known as bursitis. Chartered physio Sammy Margo, author of The Good Sleep Guide says: 'Side-lying puts ­pressure on your hips. 'Dozing on your back gives your hips a break from the stress of walking and sitting all day. 'If it feels good, prop a pillow under your knees for added support.' Sore neck You should sleep on your back with your neck as straight as possible to prevent it from crinking. If you grind your teeth while you sleep Grinding your teeth at night is said to affect 8 per cent of adults and can, obviously, damage your teeth, as well as change the overall shape of your face. By lying on your back, your jaw muscles should naturally sag and stretch with gravity. Keep your arms relaxed but straight at either side, because we naturally tend to roll toward bent arms. Snoring Snoring can actually be resolved by lying on your front - but it's not necessarily advisable. When you lie on your front your throat muscles don't fall backwards, which causes snoring. However, for a lot of the above mentioned problems: lying on your front can make things worse. 'When lying on the front, too many or too few pillows will affect the neck position and put it out of alignment with the spine. 'This ups the likelihood of nerve compression, especially in older people,' says Sammy. 
963496059371708416	2018-02-13 19:32:16	https://t.co/AInPmVIb0Q	As well as 'accepting bribes for US visas from Hollywood producer and media magnate' https://t.co/AInPmVIb0Q	 Israel's prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu has vowed to remain in office and today insisted his government is 'stable' after police recommended he should be indicted on bribery and breach of trust charges. The recommendations came after Netanyahu allegedly accepted gifts from Hollywood mogul Arnon Milchan and Australian billionaire James Packer. There were also suspicions that he offered to give preferential treatment to a newspaper publisher in exchange for favourable coverage. And the fresh development will deal an embarrassing blow to the embattled prime minister and is likely to fuel calls for him to resign. Following the announcement late on Tuesday, Netanyahu angrily rejected the accusations, which included accepting nearly $300,000 dollars in gifts from the two billionaires. Mr Parker is one of several wealthy businessmen Israeli police questioned about expensive gifts allegedly given to Netanyahu and his family. These items included champagne, hotel rooms, meals and cigars. There is no suggestion of any wrongdoing by Mr Packer. Mr Packer struck up a close friendship with Netanyahu in 2014 after the pair were introduced by mutual friend, Arnon Milchan, a major Hollywood producer. The Australian billionaire later bought a waterfront home next door to the Israeli PM's private beachfront home in Caesarea and was a special guest at speeches delivered by Mr Netanyahu to the US Congress and UN General Assembly in New York in 2015. Netanyahu later accused police of being on a witch hunt and vowed to remain in office and even seek re-election. Netanyahu said: 'I will continue to lead the state of Israel responsibly and loyally as long as you, the citizens of Israel, choose me to lead you. 'I am sure that the truth will come to light. And I am sure that also in the next election that will take place on time I will win your trust again, with God's help.' The police recommendations now go to Attorney General Avihai Mendelblit, who will review the material before deciding whether to file charges. Netanyahu is allowed to remain in office during that process, which is expected to drag on for months. But with a cloud hanging over his head, he could soon find himself facing calls to step aside. During similar circumstances a decade ago, Netanyahu, as opposition leader, urged then-prime minister Ehud Olmert to resign during a police investigation, saying a leader 'sunk up to his neck in interrogations' could not govern properly. Olmert resigned from office after police recommended he be indicted for graft. He was freed from prison in July after being granted parole from a 27-month sentence. In the immediate aftermath of the police announcement, reactions quickly fell along partisan lines. Former prime minister Ehud Barak, a bitter rival of Netanyahu, called on him to suspend himself and for the coalition to appoint a replacement on Wednesday morning. He said: 'The depth of corruption is horrifying. This does not look like nothing. This looks like bribery.' But key members of Netanyahu's Likud Party rallied behind him. Cabinet minister Miri Regev said she was 'not excited' by the police recommendations and urged patience while the attorney general reviews the case. She said the biggest surprise was that Yair Lapid, leader of the opposition Yesh Atid party, had been a witness. David Amsalem, another Netanyahu confidant, called Lapid a 'snitch'. Lapid later issued a statement calling on Netanyahu to resign. He said: 'Someone with such serious accusations against them, many of which he does not even deny, cannot continue to serve as prime minister with responsibility for the security and well-being of Israel's citizens.' Netanyahu posted a response on Facebook late last Wednesday in which he lashed out at the police commissioner, calling suggestions that he sent private investigators on such a mission 'ridiculous'. His post said: 'It is shocking to discover that the commissioner has repeated the mistaken and ridiculous suggestion that Prime Minister Netanyahu sent private investigators after the police who are investigating him.' He also referred to claims that sexual harassment allegations against the head of the unit investigating Netanyahu were an attempt to smear him because of the graft probe. His post added: 'Any honest person would ask himself how people who say such delusional things about the prime minister can objectively investigate him and honestly give unbiased recommendations. 'A large shadow was cast tonight over the police investigations and their recommendations related to Prime Minister Netanyahu.' The investigation has raised the possibility that Netanyahu, prime minister for a total of nearly 12 years, will eventually be forced to resign. His wife allegedly received bottles of pink champagne. The gifts were reportedly worth some tens of thousands of dollars. They were also probing allegations that he sought a secret deal for favourable coverage with the publisher of top-selling newspaper Yediot Aharonot. POLICE PROBE James Packer is one of several wealthy businessmen Israeli police questioned about expensive gifts allegedly given to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his family, including champagne, hotel rooms, meals and cigars. Israeli police investigated whether Mr Netanyahu pushed certain projects and new laws to benefit Mr Packer and Israeli billionaire Arnon Milchan. There is no suggestion of any wrongdoing by Mr Packer. FRIENDSHIP FORMS Mr Packer struck up a close friendship with Mr Netanyahu in 2014 after the pair were introduced by mutual friend, Arnon Milchan, a major Hollywood producer. The Australian billionaire later bought a waterfront home next door to the Israeli PM's private beachfront home in Caesarea and was a special guest at speeches delivered by Mr Netanyahu to the US Congress and UN General Assembly in New York in 2015. GLITTERING GIFTS Israeli police believe Mr Packer gave gifts worth $US71,000 to Mr Netanyahu, his wife Sara and their son Yair. In 2016 Israeli TV network Channel 10 aired claims that Mrs Netanyhau received 10 tickets to see Mr Packer's then girlfriend Mariah Carey in concert. Mr Packer is also claimed to have allowed Yair to stay in his Tel Aviv apartment, lent him his private jet to go on holiday, and picked up his luxury hotel bills in New York and Aspen, Colorado. Mr Milchan, who produced hit movies including LA Confidential and 12 Years A Slave, and The Big Short, was questioned by police about $US214,000 worth of gifts, including cigars and champagne, he gave the Netanyahus. QUESTION TIME Mr Packer was interviewed by Australian Federal Police in Melbourne in December 2016 after requests from Israeli investigators. He reportedly described Mr Netanyahu as a friend and said the gifts were organised by Mr Milchan's assistant. Mr Netanyahu later reportedly told investigators he had 'now and again' asked Mr Packer to 'bring me something to Israel from abroad'. Israeli police do not allege any wrongdoing by Mr Packer. But in a statement they said they had concluded there was sufficient evidence against the prime minister regarding fraud and breach of trust in connection with Mr Packer, and accepting bribes, fraud and breach of trust regarding Mr Milchan. RESIDENCY BID Interior Minister Aryeh Deri in January 2017 confirmed Mr Packer's lawyer asked him about the possibility of obtaining citizenship or residency for the billionaire in Israel, despite the fact he is not Jewish. Mr Packer reportedly registered with Israel's tax office, a prerequisite to applying for residency, in 2016. 'NOT WORRIED AT ALL' Mr Netanyahu has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing. During his first state visit to Australia in February 2017 he insisted nothing would come of the police investigation into his ties with Mr Packer as there was 'nothing there, except friendship'. 'No I'm not worried at all. Not at all,' he told reporters. While Mr Netanyahu and his family have not denied accepting gifts, they have insisted they weren't bribes. NEXT STEPS Attorney-General Avihai Mendelblit will review the material gathered by police before deciding whether Mr Netanyahu should be charged, a process that could take several months. 
963495875984191494	2018-02-13 19:31:32	https://t.co/3corlpuh2T	Israeli police 'recommend Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu be charged with corruption'https://t.co/3corlpuh2T	 Israel's prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu has vowed to remain in office and today insisted his government is 'stable' after police recommended he should be indicted on bribery and breach of trust charges. The recommendations came after Netanyahu allegedly accepted gifts from Hollywood mogul Arnon Milchan and Australian billionaire James Packer. There were also suspicions that he offered to give preferential treatment to a newspaper publisher in exchange for favourable coverage. And the fresh development will deal an embarrassing blow to the embattled prime minister and is likely to fuel calls for him to resign. Following the announcement late on Tuesday, Netanyahu angrily rejected the accusations, which included accepting nearly $300,000 dollars in gifts from the two billionaires. Mr Parker is one of several wealthy businessmen Israeli police questioned about expensive gifts allegedly given to Netanyahu and his family. These items included champagne, hotel rooms, meals and cigars. There is no suggestion of any wrongdoing by Mr Packer. Mr Packer struck up a close friendship with Netanyahu in 2014 after the pair were introduced by mutual friend, Arnon Milchan, a major Hollywood producer. The Australian billionaire later bought a waterfront home next door to the Israeli PM's private beachfront home in Caesarea and was a special guest at speeches delivered by Mr Netanyahu to the US Congress and UN General Assembly in New York in 2015. Netanyahu later accused police of being on a witch hunt and vowed to remain in office and even seek re-election. Netanyahu said: 'I will continue to lead the state of Israel responsibly and loyally as long as you, the citizens of Israel, choose me to lead you. 'I am sure that the truth will come to light. And I am sure that also in the next election that will take place on time I will win your trust again, with God's help.' The police recommendations now go to Attorney General Avihai Mendelblit, who will review the material before deciding whether to file charges. Netanyahu is allowed to remain in office during that process, which is expected to drag on for months. But with a cloud hanging over his head, he could soon find himself facing calls to step aside. During similar circumstances a decade ago, Netanyahu, as opposition leader, urged then-prime minister Ehud Olmert to resign during a police investigation, saying a leader 'sunk up to his neck in interrogations' could not govern properly. Olmert resigned from office after police recommended he be indicted for graft. He was freed from prison in July after being granted parole from a 27-month sentence. In the immediate aftermath of the police announcement, reactions quickly fell along partisan lines. Former prime minister Ehud Barak, a bitter rival of Netanyahu, called on him to suspend himself and for the coalition to appoint a replacement on Wednesday morning. He said: 'The depth of corruption is horrifying. This does not look like nothing. This looks like bribery.' But key members of Netanyahu's Likud Party rallied behind him. Cabinet minister Miri Regev said she was 'not excited' by the police recommendations and urged patience while the attorney general reviews the case. She said the biggest surprise was that Yair Lapid, leader of the opposition Yesh Atid party, had been a witness. David Amsalem, another Netanyahu confidant, called Lapid a 'snitch'. Lapid later issued a statement calling on Netanyahu to resign. He said: 'Someone with such serious accusations against them, many of which he does not even deny, cannot continue to serve as prime minister with responsibility for the security and well-being of Israel's citizens.' Netanyahu posted a response on Facebook late last Wednesday in which he lashed out at the police commissioner, calling suggestions that he sent private investigators on such a mission 'ridiculous'. His post said: 'It is shocking to discover that the commissioner has repeated the mistaken and ridiculous suggestion that Prime Minister Netanyahu sent private investigators after the police who are investigating him.' He also referred to claims that sexual harassment allegations against the head of the unit investigating Netanyahu were an attempt to smear him because of the graft probe. His post added: 'Any honest person would ask himself how people who say such delusional things about the prime minister can objectively investigate him and honestly give unbiased recommendations. 'A large shadow was cast tonight over the police investigations and their recommendations related to Prime Minister Netanyahu.' The investigation has raised the possibility that Netanyahu, prime minister for a total of nearly 12 years, will eventually be forced to resign. His wife allegedly received bottles of pink champagne. The gifts were reportedly worth some tens of thousands of dollars. They were also probing allegations that he sought a secret deal for favourable coverage with the publisher of top-selling newspaper Yediot Aharonot. POLICE PROBE James Packer is one of several wealthy businessmen Israeli police questioned about expensive gifts allegedly given to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his family, including champagne, hotel rooms, meals and cigars. Israeli police investigated whether Mr Netanyahu pushed certain projects and new laws to benefit Mr Packer and Israeli billionaire Arnon Milchan. There is no suggestion of any wrongdoing by Mr Packer. FRIENDSHIP FORMS Mr Packer struck up a close friendship with Mr Netanyahu in 2014 after the pair were introduced by mutual friend, Arnon Milchan, a major Hollywood producer. The Australian billionaire later bought a waterfront home next door to the Israeli PM's private beachfront home in Caesarea and was a special guest at speeches delivered by Mr Netanyahu to the US Congress and UN General Assembly in New York in 2015. GLITTERING GIFTS Israeli police believe Mr Packer gave gifts worth $US71,000 to Mr Netanyahu, his wife Sara and their son Yair. In 2016 Israeli TV network Channel 10 aired claims that Mrs Netanyhau received 10 tickets to see Mr Packer's then girlfriend Mariah Carey in concert. Mr Packer is also claimed to have allowed Yair to stay in his Tel Aviv apartment, lent him his private jet to go on holiday, and picked up his luxury hotel bills in New York and Aspen, Colorado. Mr Milchan, who produced hit movies including LA Confidential and 12 Years A Slave, and The Big Short, was questioned by police about $US214,000 worth of gifts, including cigars and champagne, he gave the Netanyahus. QUESTION TIME Mr Packer was interviewed by Australian Federal Police in Melbourne in December 2016 after requests from Israeli investigators. He reportedly described Mr Netanyahu as a friend and said the gifts were organised by Mr Milchan's assistant. Mr Netanyahu later reportedly told investigators he had 'now and again' asked Mr Packer to 'bring me something to Israel from abroad'. Israeli police do not allege any wrongdoing by Mr Packer. But in a statement they said they had concluded there was sufficient evidence against the prime minister regarding fraud and breach of trust in connection with Mr Packer, and accepting bribes, fraud and breach of trust regarding Mr Milchan. RESIDENCY BID Interior Minister Aryeh Deri in January 2017 confirmed Mr Packer's lawyer asked him about the possibility of obtaining citizenship or residency for the billionaire in Israel, despite the fact he is not Jewish. Mr Packer reportedly registered with Israel's tax office, a prerequisite to applying for residency, in 2016. 'NOT WORRIED AT ALL' Mr Netanyahu has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing. During his first state visit to Australia in February 2017 he insisted nothing would come of the police investigation into his ties with Mr Packer as there was 'nothing there, except friendship'. 'No I'm not worried at all. Not at all,' he told reporters. While Mr Netanyahu and his family have not denied accepting gifts, they have insisted they weren't bribes. NEXT STEPS Attorney-General Avihai Mendelblit will review the material gathered by police before deciding whether Mr Netanyahu should be charged, a process that could take several months. 
963492997492027398	2018-02-13 19:20:06	https://t.co/lHu3cGH1Kv	‘Unprecedented’ life-sized camel sculptures dating back 2,000 years are discovered engraved in rock in Saudi desert https://t.co/lHu3cGH1Kv	 Life-sized camel sculptures dating back 2,000 years have been found at an inhospitable site in the Saudi desert. While artistic depictions of camels have existed in the region going back millennia, the latest discovery is described as 'unprecedented' in its scale. Located in the province of Al Jawf in north-west Saudi Arabia, Camel Site, as it is known, was explored by a Franco-Saudi research team. The sculptures, some incomplete, were carved into three rocky spurs, and the researchers were able to identify a dozen or so reliefs representing camels. However, why the artists chose to carve these animals in such a remote area remains a mystery. Scientists suggest the area may have once been a place of worship, or that the camels were used as boundary markers. The study was conducted by researchers based at the Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique (CNRS) in France and colleagues from the Saudi Commission for Tourism and National Heritage (SCTH), who explored the Camel Site in 2016 and 2017. Archaeologist Guillaume Charloux, a research engineer at CNRS in France, said: 'Though natural erosion has partly destroyed some of the works, as well as any traces of tools, we were able to identify a dozen or so reliefs of varying depths representing camelids and equids. 'The life-sized sculpted animals are depicted without harnessing in a natural setting. 'One scene in particular is unprecedented: it features a dromedary meeting a donkey, an animal rarely represented in rock art. 'Some of the works are thus thematically very distinct from the representations often found in this region. 'Technically, they also differ from those discovered at other Saudi sites - frequently simple engravings of dromedaries without relief - or the sculpted facades of Al Ḩijr. 'In addition, certain Camel Site sculptures on upper rock faces demonstrate indisputable technical skills. 'Camel Site can now be considered a major showcase of Saudi rock art in a region especially propitious for archaeological discovery.' According to the study, engraving and, less often, painting were the most commonly used techniques in Arabian rock art, whereas sunken reliefs and sculptures in high-and-low relief were reserved for architectural decoration. As such, Arabian rock art from the Neolithic period (10,000 BC) to modern times tends to be linear and two-dimensional. The most common themes in the Arabian peninsula are scenes of war, hunting, processions of animals (dromedaries, ibex, wild goats, cattle), enigmatic symbols and geometric, zoomorphic and anthropomorphic figures engraved among graffiti and monumental rock-cut inscriptions. The researchers wrote in their study that the 'relative scarcity of ancient Arabian rock reliefs has been a significant barrier to understanding the development, function and socio-cultural context of such art'. The researchers said that, though the site is hard to date, comparison with a relief at Petra in Jordan leads them to believe the sculptures were completed in the first centuries BC or AD. They said its desert setting and proximity to caravan routes suggest Camel Site - ill suited for permanent settlement - was a stopover where travelers could rest or a site of worship. Human presence in the Arabian Peninsula dates back one million years. Out of 4,000 registered archaeological sites in Saudi Arabia, 1,500 include rock art. The earliest examples date to around 12,000 years ago. These depictions show masked men and women dancing, and experts believe they could be mythological figures, although the meaning remains unclear. Between ten and eight thousand years ago people started herding animals and carrying out primitive agriculture. During this period, drawings increasingly show cattle and dogs. Experts believe these animals had been domesticated and were part of their everyday life. Some include images of rare antelope, aurochs, wild camels and African asses, previously not known to live in this area. Aurochs, the ancestors of modern domestic cattle, were also depicted in the drawings as well as wild camels and African wild asses. Archaeologists also uncovered drawings from this period depicting a hunter drawing his bow surrounded by a pack of 13 dogs, two of which appear to be tethered. The find is thought to be the oldest ever depiction of a dog, as well as such restraints being used to control them. Previously, the earliest evidence came from a wall painting in Egypt which is believed to date back around 5,500 years. All of the carvings show medium-sized creatures with pricked up ears, short snouts, and curled tails, suggesting they are domesticated rather than wild animals. Experts say they closely resemble the modern species of Canaan dog, found running wild in the deserts of the Middle East today. From five thousand years ago, circular stone structures and other archaeological remains suggest sedentary communities were starting to form. They had temples and sculpted images of deities on stones or rock faces. There are lots of similar depictions of goddesses with wide hips, raised hands and open fingers. Source: Bradshaw foundation 
963488222507618304	2018-02-13 19:01:07	https://t.co/fBMQbzqhyz	Cases of Measles tripled last year across Europe https://t.co/fBMQbzqhyz	 The number of measles cases in Europe tripled last year, new figures reveal. More than 14,400 cases of the infection occurred across 30 countries last year, compared with just 4,600 incidences in 2016, according to an update published by The European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC) last month. Poor vaccination rates are thought to responsible, which has led to epidemics in Romania, Italy, Greece and Germany. As of last month, there were 122 confirmed cases of measles across five regions in England, with West Yorkshire, West Midlands, and Liverpool and Cheshire being most affected. Since 2016, the ECDC has recorded 50 deaths due to the highly-contagious infection, with serious complications most commonly affecting those under five. To prevent a measles outbreak, it is recommended that 95 per cent of the population is immunised against the infection. In the UK, only 91.9 per cent of children were vaccinated against measles between 2015 and 2016 compared to 94.2 per cent in 2014 to 2015 and 94.3 per cent in 2013 to 2014, according to NHS immunisation statistics. The World Health Organization (WHO) claims people's fear of vaccines, along with complacency, means many, particularly young children, are unprotected. The decision by parents not to vaccinate their children could be attributed to disgraced gastroenterologist Andrew Wakefield's theory in 1995 that the measles, mumps and rubella (MMR) vaccine is linked to bowel disease and autism. His controversial views have since been widely discredited. The 'elimination' of measles has been achieved in the UK, global health leaders said in September. This can be verified once a country has sustained 'interruption of endemic transmission' for at least 36 months, according to the World Health Organization (WHO). The European Regional Verification Commission said the UK achieved elimination status for measles as of 2016. Dr Mary Ramsay, head of immunisation at Public Health England, said: 'We are delighted that the WHO has confirmed that the UK achieved measles elimination in 2016 and that rubella elimination continues to be sustained. 'In addition, national vaccine coverage of the first MMR dose in five year olds has hit the WHO's 95 per cent target. 'This is a huge achievement and a testament to all the hard work by our health professionals in the NHS to ensure that all children and adults are fully protected with two doses of the MMR vaccine. 'We need to ensure that this is sustained going forward by maintaining and improving coverage of the MMR vaccine in children and by catching up older children and young adults who missed out.' Low vaccination rates Dr Will Welfare, a consultant in health protection at Public Health England, told Manchester Evening News: 'Measles is a very infectious virus and can spread rapidly among communities, such as schools, if people have not been fully immunised. 'I would appeal to any parents who have not yet had their children vaccinated to get them protected as soon as possible through their GP.' Dr David Elliman, paediatrician at the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health, added: 'Although the uptake of the both doses of MMR vaccine is high in UK, because measles is so infectious, it is not yet high enough to stop [the] outbreaks we are seeing'. Epidemics in Europe Epidemics in Europe Earlier this year, the WHO warned measles was spreading across Europe in regions where vaccination rates are low, namely France, Germany, Italy, Poland, Romania, Switzerland and Ukraine. Data published in November last year by the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control in the Communicable Disease Threat Report show that from January 2016 to November 2017, more than 19,000 measles cases were reported in the European Union, including 46 deaths. The highest number of cases in 2017 were reported in Romania, where 7,759 people suffered, followed by Italy with 4,775 cases and Germany with 898 sufferers. Greece also experienced a measles outbreak, with at least 368 cases, and one death, since May 2017. These outbreaks occurred due to insufficient vaccination levels. Dr Mary Ramsay, head of immunisation at Public Health England, said: 'Due to ongoing measles outbreaks within Europe, we will continue to see imported measles cases in the UK in unimmunised individuals. 'This serves as an important reminder for parents to take up the offer of MMR vaccination for their children when offered at one year of age and as a pre-school booster at three years, four months of age.' Measles is a highly contagious viral infection that spreads easily from an injected person by coughing, sneezing or even just breathing. Symptoms develop between six and 19 days after infection, and include a runny nose, cough, sore eyes, a fever and a rash. The rash appears as red and blotchy marks on the hairline that travel down over several days, turning brown and eventually fading. Some children complain of disliking bright lights or develop white spots with red backgrounds on their tongue. In one in 15 cases, measles can cause life-threatening complications including pneumonia, convulsions and encephalitis. Dr Ava Easton, chief executive of the Encephalitis Society told MailOnline: 'Measles can be very serious. '[It] can cause encephalitis which is inflammation of the brain. 'Encephalitis can result in death or disability.' Treatment focuses on staying hydrated, resting and taking painkillers, if necessary. Measles can be prevented by receiving two vaccinations, the first at 13 months old and the second at three years and four months to five years old. Source: Great Ormond Street Hospital Is Andrew Wakefield's discredited research to blame for low vaccination rates? In 1995 the gastroenterologist Andrew Wakefield published a study in The Lancet showing children who had been vaccinated against MMR were more likely to have bowel disease and autism. He speculated that being injected with a 'dead' form of the measles virus via vaccination causes disruption to intestinal tissue, leading to both of the disorders. After a 1998 paper further confirmed this finding, Wakefield said: 'The risk of this particular syndrome [which he termed 'autistic enterocolitis'] developing is related to the combined vaccine, the MMR, rather than the single vaccines.' At the time, Wakefield had a patent for single measles, mumps and rubella vaccines, and was therefore accused of having a conflict of interest. Nonetheless, MMR vaccination rates in the US and the UK plummeted, until, in 2004 the then-editor of The Lancet Dr Richard Horton described Wakefield's research as 'fundamentally flawed', adding he was paid by attorneys seeking lawsuits against vaccine manufacturers. The Lancet formally retracted Wakefield's research paper in 2010. Three months later, the General Medical Council banned Wakefield from practicing medicine in Britain, stating his research had shown a 'callous disregard' for children's health. On January 6 2011, The British Medical Journal published a report showing that of the 12 children included in Wakefield's 1995 study, at most two had autistic symptoms post vaccination, rather than the eight he claimed. At least two of the children also had developmental delays before they were vaccinated, yet Wakefield's paper claimed they were all 'previously normal'. Further findings revealed none of the children had autism, non-specific colitis or symptoms within days of receiving the MMR vaccine, yet the study claimed six of the participants suffered all three. 
963483176365588480	2018-02-13 18:41:04	https://t.co/Gl0YdPK6iL	More people are visiting 'Penis Park' in South Korea thanks to the nearby Winter Olympics https://t.co/Gl0YdPK6iL	 An extraordinary park in South Korea where everything is shaped like a penis has been inundated with fascinated tourists visiting the nearby Winter Olympics. The port city of Sinnam is home to Haesindang Park, better known as 'Penis Park' - a monument to fertility born from a legend about a virgin and a fish. Even the town's quaint red lighthouse is crafted to look phallic. A normally obscure attraction, the park is drawing curious crowds of visitors from the nearby Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang just an hour away. The unusual site features penis totem poles, penis benches and penis wind chimes. There is even a penis-shaped cannon, with a warning to tourists that it should not be mounted. 'I've been all over the world and I've never seen anything like this,' said Keith Childs, a Londoner visiting the park with other people working at the Pyeongchang Olympics. The legend behind the park has been painstakingly chiselled into a row of stone penises. It tells of a virgin who died in a storm as her boyfriend collected seaweed from a rock in a nearby cove. According to one version of the legend, the village was unable to catch fish after she died until one fisherman urinated into the sea, somehow satisfying the virgin's spirit. The fishermen later erected a shrine and a phallus on the cliffs of the village in memory of the deceased. What may seem bemusing or downright odd in some people's eyes appears less peculiar to South Koreans, who live in a country with one of the lowest fertility rates in the world. The park has grown into a bona fide destination, where dozens of sculpted phalluses stand erect in defiance of an centuries-old folk curse. Among the 35-member club of mostly rich nations, the OECD, South Korea has the lowest rate. The country now has several 'penis parks', so many that Haesindang markets itself as the 'only one on the east coast'. Just 1.17 babies per woman are born each year in South Korea, according to the latest government data, for 2016. That is set to hit an historic low of 1.04 babies per woman this year, according to a government official. 'Young people face a harsh reality which includes high unemployment rates and an unstable job prospective so individuals choose not to have a child to sustain their own lives,' said Ryu Yang-ji, director at the Presidential Committee on Aging Society and Population Policy.
963478166693130240	2018-02-13 18:21:10	https://t.co/sNd4DdzspF	AI will be 'billions of times' smarter than humans and people must merge with it to survive, claims expert https://t.co/sNd4DdzspF	 Artificial intelligence could evolve to be 'billions of times smarter' than humans. That's according to Ipswich-based 'futurist' Ian Pearson who claims that people will need to merge with machines in order to survive. 'The fact is that AI can go further than humans, it could be billions of times smarter than humans at this point,' Pearson said. 'So we really do need to make sure that we have some means of keeping up.' Pearson, who works at Futurizon, made the comments during a panel hosted by CNBC at the World Government Summit in Dubai. He claims humans can protect against the rise of the machines by linking their brains with AI so that they have the same IQ. 'I don't actually think it's safe, just like Elon Musk… to develop these superhuman computers until we have a direct link to the human brain… and then don't get way ahead,' he said. Pearson's comments echo that of ex-Uber and Google engineer Anthony Levandowski who has formed the first church to follow an artificially intelligent being. The religion, known as 'Way of the Future', claims our species can better itself by following the instructions of a robot that is 'a billion times smarter than humans'. WOTF will eventually have a gospel called 'The Manual', as well as rituals and even a physical place of worship. Levandowski named himself as 'dean' of WOTF, giving him complete control until his death or resignation. It is an issue troubling some of the greatest minds in the world at the moment, from Professor Stephen Hawking to Bill Gates and Elon Musk. SpaceX and Tesla CEO Elon Musk described AI as our 'biggest existential threat' and likened its development as 'summoning the demon.' He believes super intelligent machines could use humans as pets. Professor Hawking has recently said it is a 'near certainty' that a major technological disaster will threaten humanity in the next 1,000 to 10,000 years. They could steal jobs More than 60 per cent of people fear that robots will lead to there being fewer jobs in the next ten years, according to a 2016 YouGov survey. And 27 per cent predict that it will decrease the number of jobs 'a lot' with previous research suggesting admin and service sector workers will be the hardest hit. As well as posing a threat to our jobs, other experts believe AI could 'go rogue' and become too complex for scientists to understand. A quarter of the respondents predicted robots will become part of everyday life in just 11 to 20 years, with 18 per cent predicting this will happen within the next decade. They could 'go rogue' Computer scientist Professor Michael Wooldridge said AI machines could become so intricate that engineers don't fully understand how they work. If experts don't understand how AI algorithms function, they won't be able to predict when they fail. This means driverless cars or intelligent robots could make unpredictable 'out of character' decisions during critical moments, which could put people in danger. For instance, the AI behind a driverless car could choose to swerve into pedestrians or crash into barriers instead of deciding to drive sensibly. They could wipe out humanity Some people believe AI will wipe out humans completely. 'Eventually, I think human extinction will probably occur, and technology will likely play a part in this,' DeepMind's Shane Legg said in a recent interview. He singled out artificial intelligence, or AI, as the 'number 1 risk for this century.' In August last year, Musk warned that AI poses more of a threat to humanity than North Korea. 'If you're not concerned about AI safety, you should be. Vastly more risk than North Korea,' the 46-year-old wrote on Twitter. 'Nobody likes being regulated, but everything (cars, planes, food, drugs, etc) that's a danger to the public is regulated. AI should be too.' Musk has consistently advocated for governments and private institutions to apply regulations on AI technology. He has argued that controls are necessary in order protect machines from advancing out of human control He said his robot god, which will be a 'billion times smarter than humans' will take charge of its subjects, who will relinquish power to a being of higher intelligence. The filed documents for WOTF give its purpose is to 'develop and promote the realisation of a Godhead based on Artificial Intelligence'. Workshops and educational programs have already begun in the San Francisco area. However, not everyone is as welcoming to AI technology as Levandowski. In August last year, Tesla founder Elon Musk warned that AI poses more of a threat to humanity than North Korea. 'If you're not concerned about AI safety, you should be. Vastly more risk than North Korea,' the 46-year-old wrote on Twitter. 'Nobody likes being regulated, but everything (cars, planes, food, drugs, etc) that's a danger to the public is regulated. AI should be too.' Musk has consistently advocated for governments and private institutions to apply regulations on AI technology. He has argued that controls are necessary in order protect machines from advancing out of human control 
963475628635848706	2018-02-13 18:11:05	https://t.co/Pm4ikjxIu5	Are you addicted to your smartphone? Here is an 8-step plan for a technology detox https://t.co/Pm4ikjxIu5	 If you've ever felt naked without your smartphone, you're not alone. Americans check their phones 80 times a day on average - or every 12 minutes, according to a study by technology insurance provider Asurion released in November. The average person was prepared to go a maximum of four hours without checking their phone, the study found. Research like this has contributed to an increasing amount of concern around the topic of smartphone addiction. Stanford University psychiatrist Dr Anna Lembke says while many users will not develop a problem, it's important to know the signs of problematic smartphone use. 'Technology addiction is a growing issue in my clinic and definitely a pressing concern for all of us right now,' she said. While there is not a large amount of research available on smartphone addiction, Dr Lembke says that data isn't the only thing that can indicate a problem. 'There's no way to actually tell how widespread an issue it is especially since smartphone technology is relatively new,' she said. 'With this topic you pretty much just have to open your eyes and look around you to notice that this is a growing problem.' When identifying addiction, clinicians look at three different components: control, compulsion, and continued use despite consequences. Dr Lembke emphasized that addiction is a spectrum and severity is based on a combination of each of the 'three C's'. 'There are absolutely mild, moderate and extreme forms,' she said. There are, however, a set of specific behaviors that are seen as indicators for potential smartphone addiction. Smartphone addiction red flags 1. Using the phone longer than you planned to In the case of smartphone addiction, Dr Lembke says, the element of control comes into play when a person puts a limit to the amount of time they'll be on their phone and consistently exceeds it. Examples of this include pressing snooze on your alarm in the morning because you've got one more social network to check or running late for a meeting because you got caught up checking emails. 2. Using it in inappropriate settings like while driving or going to the bathroom 'We've all seen people using phones while driving or in other situations that are just obviously unreasonable,' she said. 'Before there were physical barriers to where you used technology, but now these mobile devices are 24/7 in my bed, in my car, always just right there,' she said. Dr Lembke suggests that portability is a main reason that smartphones are more addictive than other technology. Just because you can bring your phone with you everywhere doesn't mean that you should. 3. Giving up other activities because you're on your phone Ditching the gym because you have to catch up with your Twitter timeline? Dr Lembke says when phone use begins to take over time allotted for other activities, it's considered a red flag for addiction. 'Our "work hard play hard" culture can make people feel as if they can't possibly be unplugged because they'll miss something important, and that's how they justify excessive use,' she said. 4. Feeling anxious when not on your phone A key component of the compulsion factor of addiction is feeling uncomfortable or anxious when not on one's phone. 'Some people get so they're worried they're missing something that they'll pull out the phone while in a meeting or even while having an emotional one-on-one conversation,' Dr Lembke said. 5. Negatively impacting your relationships Ever tried to have a conversation with someone who won't look up from their phone and make eye contact with you? Excessive phone usage can negatively impact personal relationships because it can make others feel as if they aren't as important as whatever is going on in their device. 'An example would be if your partner asks you to put down the phone and spend more time with them or with the kids but you ignore that request,' Dr Lembke said. 6. You use your phone as a security blanket in uncomfortable situations When in an awkward or tense social situation, it can often be enticing to turn to your phone as an escape from the discomfort. However, this kind of behavior is a common indicator that you may be a little too attached. Key ways to detox from your device Dr Lembke says there are many ways that people can combat smartphone addiction and be more mindful about their use. 1. Take a 'drug holiday' One of Dr Lembke's favorite methods is what she calls a 'drug holiday,' which involves blocking out a period of time every week without any smartphone use at all. 'Taking a break allows the brain to reset and gives you a chance to recognize that the world won't end just because you're not on your phone,' she said. She recommends a 24 hour break, but says that any considerable break is helpful when trying to detox. 2. Keep physical boundaries Creating rules for where phone use is acceptable is another simple way to combat obsessive behavior. Examples of places that are better as no-phone zones include at the dinner table and by the bed at night. 'One of the simplest ways to detox is just to remove yourself from the problem. It's similar to how alcoholics know that keeping alcohol out of the house is the simplest way to avoid drinking and learn moderation,' Dr Lembke said. 3. Use the grayscale phone setting A more unique method that Dr Lembke's patients have used is turning the smartphone screen to grayscale so it's less enticing. 'The colors have a surprising impact on the desire to be using the phone,' she said. Former Design Ethicist at Google Tristan Harris swears by the grayscale method to combat addiction, comparing the temptation behind the bright buttons to slot machines. Turning your screen to grayscale will make photo-centric apps like Snapchat and Instagram considerably less engaging and easier to close out of. On iOS, grayscale can be enabled by going to Settings -> General -> Accessibility -> Display Accommodations -> Color Filters and clicking 'Grayscale'. 4. Turn off notifications Another simple method is to turn off notifications that might tempt users to check their phones. According to Dr David Greenfield, a psychologist and founder of the Center for Internet and Technology Addiction, alerts and notifications play a key role in problematic smartphone use. Dr Greenfield, an assistant clinical professor of psychiatry at the University of Connecticut, says the compulsive need to be checking one's smartphone can be traced back to basic brain chemistry. Each time a phone pings or dings to alert that it's received a new message, the brain releases dopamine, a pleasure chemical related to getting a reward. 'That ping is telling us there is some type of reward there, waiting for us,' Greenfield told NPR. 'Smartphone notifications have turned us all into Pavlov's dogs.' He's referring to century-old research by Russian psychologist Ivan Pavlov, who used a bell to condition a group of dogs into expecting food when they heard the chime. After pairing the bell with the food enough times, the dogs associated the bell itself with getting fed and began salivating before receiving the food. When it comes to smartphones, when a notification sound is paired with a new text, tweet, Facebook post or other form of social communication, the bell itself triggers the dopamine before the message is even seen, adding to the addictive nature of smartphones. 5. Get over the FOMO FOMO, or fear of missing out, involves an irrational feeling that you're missing something when you're not at an event or in the case of smartphone addiction, not on your device. Harris suggests a simple fix for people who suffer from FOMO - or what he called FOMSI - fear of missing something important: put it into perspective. 'If we zoom into that fear, we’ll discover that it’s unbounded: we'll always miss something important at any point when we stop using something,' he writes on his website. 6. Replace the habit A common way to break a bad habit for a good one is to replace it with a new one. This same method can be applied to changing smartphone use patterns. Adam Alter, a professor of marketing at NYU and author of Irresistible: The Rise of Addictive Technology and the Business of Keeping Us Hooked, told The Week: 'What you want to do is you want to find a behavior that is a stand-in for the behavior that you don't want to be doing. 'You replace the bad thing that you shouldn't be doing with something good that you should be doing.' Examples of beneficial replacement behaviors reading a book or magazine, spending uninterrupted time with family and friends, going for a walk or picking up a new hobby like drawing or cooking. 7. Get rid of unnecessary apps Just because your phone has enough storage capacity for a large number of apps doesn't mean you have to use all of it. Combing through your applications and identifying the ones that are most distracting or least important can help cut down on the number of justifications you have to pick up your phone. Specific examples include apps like Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest that have a desktop function and are thus not essential to have on your phone. 8. Pinpoint apps that are taking up the most of your time Figuring out which apps you're using most can help identify which ones might be most beneficial to get rid of. On iOS, an easy way to check usage is by looking at the Battery subsection in Settings and seeing which ones are taking up most of your charge. Specific apps such as BreakFree and StayOnTask are also available that show you which apps you use most and let you put limits on the time you use them. 
963470361902841857	2018-02-13 17:50:09	https://t.co/6gWbUVM1Cf	Russian man 'shoots sex worker dead after inviting her to a party to celebrate the birth of his son' https://t.co/6gWbUVM1Cf	 A man shot dead a woman sex worker who he hired for a party to celebrate the birth of his son while his wife was in maternity hospital, say state prosecutors in Russia. Sportswear shop owner Konstantin Zaytsev, 31, had invited a number of his male friends and three 'prostitutes' to his flat in the Russian town of Minusinsk. At the time, his wife Elena Postnova, 23, was recovering at a local maternity hospital after giving birth to his son. During the party, Zaytsev got into an argument with one of the women, 22-year-old Snezhana Chepsorakova, over her demand for an additional payment for staying longer than previously agreed, it is alleged. According to police and prosecutors, he suddenly grabbed a hunting gun and shot her in the head. The woman, a single mother of one, died on the spot, they said. A spokesman for the state prosecutor's office in the Krasnoyarsk region of Siberia said: 'A man was celebrating at his home the birth of his child in the company of friends and women who provide intimate services for money. 'At night, there was a conflict between the owner of the apartment and one of the women over payment for services during which the man killed her with a shot to the head.' The Investigative Committee, in charge of probing serious criminal cases in Russia, said: 'Currently, the suspect is being questioned, and does not admit his guilt. 'He claims that the deceased shot herself. 'The investigation of the criminal case is continuing.' He is suspected of murdering Ms Chepsorakova, officials conformed. At least one of the other women had left the flat before the shooting incident, it was reported. The man's wife has not commented publicly on the incident on February 7. Relatives of Ms Chepsorakova are caring for her three-year-old daughter. 
963468096676737024	2018-02-13 17:41:09	https://t.co/P2JN4DK2Ua	Revealed: The 5 best supplements to boost sex drive https://t.co/P2JN4DK2Ua	 If you have a low libido, you're not alone. Research by the American Sexual Health Association shows between 30 to 50 per cent of people will lose their sex drive at some point in their lives. It can be caused by a variety of reasons, such as hormonal changes, low energy, stress, alcohol and even drugs. Writing for Healthista, nutritionist Rick Hay reveals his best supplements to counter these natural swings in swagger. Vitamin E If you're lacking interest in sex or desire, Vitamin E is important because it increases testosterone levels, which therefore increases stamina and also helps raise desire. For men, it also enhances sperm count and motility. Research published in the Archives of Andrology shows that study participants who took 400 mg of vitamin E in conjunction with 225 mcg of selenium showed improvements in sperm motility. Increased testosterone levels also help with blood flow and oxygenation of the body – essential if erectile dysfunction is an issue. Polyphenols If you want to increase sex drive you've got to be in the mood and a key group of supplements I recommend for this are polyphenols found in berries, dark red grapes and red wine and the substances that gives them their dark pigment. In fact, women who drank a glass of red daily reported higher levels of sexual desire and vaginal lubrication, compared with those who sipped any kind of alcohol only occasionally or those who didn't drink at all, according to a study in the Journal of Sexual Medicine. Glow Food contains a concentrated combination of berries that are rich in polyphenols that are going to help improve circulation and blood flow, thanks to their polyphenol content. These berries are high in antioxidants to help with immunity and, combined with the ability to raise serotonin and dopamine (neurotransmitters in the brain essential to good mood) levels, could help enhance mood. Because, let's face it, bad mood rarely equals good sex. B vitamins and Zinc B vitamins will help to nourish the nervous system and boost mood. Zinc can help raise testosterone levels which will also helps raise sexual desire – a study in the Journal of Human Reproductive Sciences found male rats taking zinc took longer to ejaculate compared to a control group. Aduna Super Cacao powder contains a chemical called phenylethylamine and this promotes a feel good factor like a happiness hormone. It also contains B vitamins and Zinc. Omega 3s Research has shown that Omega 3 fatty acids can help decrease anxiety and depression which in turn means that if these two are decreased your desire may be be increased. Omega 3 fatty acids can also help increase dopamine levels too. This can improve mood but also help to trigger arousal. Omega 3 can also help with the moisturisation of the skin and also help to moisturise mucus membranes which helps to reduce dryness and create lubrication needed during menopause and the years leading up to it. Omega-3 fatty acids are found in oily fish as well as flaxseeds and in concentrated levels in good quality supplements. If you're a vegetarian you may want to try BioCare Essential Fatty Acids supplement. It's a combination of linseed oil and borage oil. Both of these together help to balance hormones and is the veggy alternative to the Bio-Fish Oil. Ginkgo I've used Gingko Biloba, a popular ancient Chinese herbal remedy, for many years successfully with my clients for low sex drive. It aids blood circulation and it's crucial to have good blood circulation to the sexual organs to help with sexual function. Ginkgo also reduces platelet aggregations which means that it helps to clear blood vessels and promote vasodilation (widening of the blood vessels essential for for erectile function) this is thanks to components called terpenoids and ginkaloids that it contains. A very small study on men also found that taking 50mg ginkgo biloba twice a day could help men who had antidepressant induced low sex drive (SSRI antidepressants can cause low libido as a side effect). This article originally appeared on and has been reproduced with the permission of Healthista. 
963465571181514753	2018-02-13 17:31:07	https://t.co/GlGDKWOCLX	Woman RIPS OFF her own eyebrows when a DIY face mask to remove blackheads goes horribly wrong https://t.co/GlGDKWOCLX	 A woman whose eyebrows fell victim to an aggressive DIY face mask has released the hilarious footage. Genella Pabianes Carabbacan, 22, from Isabela in the Philippines, revealed she had been given two packets of a charcoal mixture for removing blackheads. However in her excitement Genella failed to read the instructions, which advises against covering hair and eyebrows. The dramatic video shows her struggling to remove the sticky mixture, before it rips out her eyebrows. Genella said: 'My friend gave me the face mask and said it will get rid of the dark spots on your face. I said "oh really?" and he gave it to me for free. 'I was so excited I didn't ask anything more. I didn't read the instructions, because I just really wanted to remove the blackheads on my face.' Genella applied the mask and let it dry on her face for around 15 minutes. But when she went to peel it away, it was stuck to the hairs on her eyebrows. Genella's brother Mark filmed her - struggling to contain his laughter - as she cried while desperately trying to peel off the mask. The siblings spent around three minutes gradually removing it - along with Genella's eyebrows. She was left with most of the hairs pulled out and was forced to shave off the remaining hair off because of the damage. The dramatic footage quickly went viral and several beauty clinics came forward to offer Genella microblading and threading to restore her look. Genella admitted she was left crying with horror, but also saw the funny side. 'I was just crying because I didn't have any eyebrows,' she admitted. 'I had to shave the rest of the hair for them to regrow properly together. 'It was funny, and emotional. But it was more down to my stupidity. I should have read the instructions,' she admitted before adding: 'The lesson is to always check and research cosmetics before using them.'
963460513714900993	2018-02-13 17:11:01	https://t.co/Kmu4emBc1t	Heart-stopping moment girl, 8, falls 15ft from the top of human pyramid https://t.co/Kmu4emBc1t	 This is the heart-stopping moment an eight-year-old girl fell 15ft from the top of a five person human pyramid before escaping unhurt. While taking part in Barcelona's annual celebrations for their co-patron saint, Eulalia, the performer was lifted towards a balcony while holding on to a black scarf. Her grip on the scarf loosened as she was hoisted up and she dramatically fell towards the ground as a scream went up from the crowd. A traditional element of the winter festival involves the troupe Castellers de Barcelona, who form 'castells', or human towers, which can be as high as eight people or more. Wearing white trousers and a black sash, members of a castell typically end their performance by climbing up to the front of the town hall. Participants on top of the pyramid (called 'enxanetas') are lifted on to the building's balcony. Although the girl fell a distance of around 15ft, the organisers were quick to point out that the young enxaneta was unhurt after the fall. Local news website Emporda reported that the girl only needed ice for a slight bruise as the other members of the human pyramid cushioned the girl's fall. The clip was widely shared on social media after local politician Alberto Fernandez uploaded the video to Twitter and wrote: 'We were all scared for a moment, but the girl is fine. 'The eight-year-old enxaneta was being hoisted on to the town hall's balcony during the festival and while she was climbing she fell. This video that I recorded shows the frightening moment.' 
963456858630520832	2018-02-13 16:56:29	https://t.co/ka9bggT0Pd	'Time-traveller' claiming to be from 2030 PASSES lie detector test after claiming that Trump will be re-elected https://t.co/ka9bggT0Pd	 A 'time-traveller' who says he is from the future has passed a lie detector test after claiming Donald Trump will be re-elected and Artificial Intelligence will take over. In a startling YouTube video posted by Apex TV the man, whose face and voice have been distorted to hide his identity, claims he has risked his life to travel back in time. Apex TV says it is 'one of the biggest voices of paranormal content on YouTube', with over 56 million views and 100,000 subscribers. His mission, he says, is to tell those alive now what the world has in store. Among his predictions is the claim that Google Glass-style robotics will spread across the globe. Technology will also have developed to the point where it will be able to independently run a home. Bitcoin will be increasingly popular but pennies and cents will still be in use. In 2030 he says the US president is a mysterious figure called Ilana Remikee. He also suggests global warming has caused temperatures in North America to increase while Europe has cooled. Humans will reach Mars in 2028 and, the same year, time travel will be discovered. He states that electric cars will be able to travel as fast as diesel and petrol ones (despite many already being able to do so) and many forms of cancer have been cured. In a previous interview with Paranormal Elite, Noah said he had anorexia and is in fact 50-years-old, but that he had taken an age rejuvenation drug which had transformed him into a 25-year-old. Of course, his claims have attracted scepticism. In response, he agreed to take a lie detector test on camera. In the footage from ApexTV the would-be oracle is seen sitting on a chair with what appears to be a polygraph lie detector wrapped around his bicep. He is asked to predict some of the future's major events - and confirm he really is who he says he is. The interview begins and Noah is asked a simple question: 'Are you an actual time traveller from the year 2030?' He responds with a yes and 'TRUE' appears in large green letters superimposed on the video. However, the results on the machine are not shown. Noah then claims he has 'hard evidence' to back up his predictions but isn't sure that he can say what that it because it might cause a paradox. Once again, the word 'TRUE' appears on screen again. In police investigations - and often when someone applies for a job when national security can be compromised - a suspect or applicant will be subjected to a lie detector or polygraph test. They are now routine for U.S. government jobs with the FBI or CIA. The goal of a lie detector is to see if the person is telling the truth or lying when answering certain questions. When a person takes a polygraph test, four to six sensors are attached to him. A polygraph is a machine in which the multiple ('poly') signals from the sensors are recorded on a single strip of moving paper ('graph). The sensors usually record a person's breathing rate, pulse, blood pressure and perspiration. They can also sometimes measure someone's arm and leg movements. When the polygraph test starts, the questioner asks three or four simple questions to establish what normal signals are for the person being investigated. Throughout questioning, all of the person's signals are recorded on the moving paper. Both during and after the test, a polygraph examiner can look at the graphs and can see whether the vital signs changed significantly on any of the questions. In general, a significant change - such as a faster heartrate, higher blood pressure or increased perspiration indicates that the person is lying. But critics say that it easy to beat lie detectors - simply by 'lying with your body as well as your words'. If a person substantially increases their respiratory rate, blood pressure and sweat level while answering standard questions, their answers to other questions (whether they are truths or falsehoods) will seem true. This was done in the film 'Ocean's Eleven', and is usually achieved by pressing down on a sharp object such as a drawing pin during routine questioning. This will cause more perspiration or a faster heart beat which in turn bamboozles the lie detector. But while this countermeasure (if properly applied) can be effective, polygraphers have developed counter-countermeasures for it - the simplest being to simply make the subject remove his shoes. While both sides are in competition like this, the debate over the reliability of lie detectors continues. That is especially the case when people who are mentally ill are subjected to polygraph tests - because they do not know or cannot express the truth, the argument goes, they will hardly likely to be exposed as liars. Sources: Howstuffworks.com and Livescience.com He then begins to list events he says will happen in the next 12 years, including the re-election of Donald Trump and the rise of AI. Again, the interviewer asks if he is telling the truth and, again, the machine apparently records that he is. But so-called Noah has received criticism from sceptics who claim the test was rigged. 'All Apex TV does is flash an answer on the screen with a ding noise, that doesn't truly validate the lie detector,' wrote one critic. 'You can see Noah fidgeting around with the monitors strapped around his fingers and I myself know from first hand experience that when you take a lie detector test you are supposed to sit back and remain completely still.' Another added: 'You need to show the name of the lie detector and go through the stages of setting up the test '2030 is not that far off so what was the name of the president he gave, [they] should be very much alive right now.' Lie detector tests do no say if things are objective true, only that the person who is making the claim believes that they are true.
963452980308660225	2018-02-13 16:41:05	https://t.co/Mdj2YQG73y	Incredible pictures show humpback whales and orcas feeding and playing off the coast of Norway https://t.co/Mdj2YQG73y	 From leaping out of the water to gorging on giant mouthfuls of herring, these sea mammals look as though they're truly having a whale of a time! Award-winning photographer Espen Bergersen, 37, first noticed dozens of orcas and humpbacks gathering close to the shore by his childhood home on the northern Norwegian island of Andøya, eight years ago. Since then, he has been ardently documenting the magnificent creatures during their migration, with his work helping scientists better understand their mysterious feeding, mating and communication behaviours. Bergersen told MailOnline Travel that it is unusual to see orcas and humpbacks swimming together but there is one thing uniting the two species: food. Hundreds of whales flock to northern Norway each year between October and January for the abundant herring stocks, with a mass feeding frenzy taking place. Scroll down to view a selection of Bergersen's awe-inspiring photos taken in the fjords outside Vesterålen and Troms, which will have you yearning to hop on a boat to Norway and witness these scenes of natural threatre for yourself...
963449889022758912	2018-02-13 16:28:48	https://t.co/gKmhbYuDl4	Putin DENIES they are in the country https://t.co/gKmhbYuDl4	 This is the moment a US fighter jet destroyed a Russian tank in Syria – after it emerged that hundreds of Russian mercenaries are secretly fighting in the country. The US jet destroyed a Russian-made T-72 tank during a bombing raid designed to protect rebel fighters in Syria on Saturday, reportedly killing hundreds of fighters, including a number of Russian mercenaries. If that proves true it would be the biggest clash between American and Russian forces since the end of the Cold War - and represent an escalation of tensions between the world's two most powerful armed forces who are engaged in a war by proxy in Syria. The tank was targeted near Al Tabiyeh in a bid to stop it firing towards a position held by American forces and their Syrian allies, a Pentagon spokesman said. It happened days after the US military said its anti-jihadist coalition had carried out strikes in 'self-defense' against forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in the same region, leaving an estimated more than 100 pro-regime personnel dead. It comes after reports that more than 200 private Russian military contractors were killed in a failed attack on a base held by U.S. and Kurdish forces last week, Bloomberg reports. In recent weeks, more than 600 Russian mercenaries have reportedly been killed in Syria, many of them in airstrikes carried out by the U.S.-led coalition. Russian President Vladimir Putin has been challenged to publicly admit to the mass deaths and accused of covering up his government's reliance of hired guns to minimise the extent of regular army casualties. Putin's spokesman Dmitry Peskov refrained from commenting on the reports about the deaths last week, saying on Tuesday that they need to be verified. Asked during a conference call with reporters if Putin raised the episode during Monday's phone conversation with President Donald Trump, Peskov said the situation in Syria wasn't discussed during the call. The Kremin said it had no information about Russian mercenaries being killed in Syria, saying it only knew about Russian nationals who have been deployed there as members of the armed forces. 'We don't have information about other Russians who might be in Syria,' Peskov told reporters on a conference call. The denial comes despite the leader of one of the private armies of mercenaries being photographed meeting Putin and attending a ceremony in the Kremlin. Opposition politician Grigory Yavlinsky, who is standing against Putin in next month's presidential election, has called on him to come clean on his use of mercenaries to prop up Syrian president Bashar-al-Assad - and to tell the Russian people the scale of the losses. Mr Yavlinsky claims mercenary forces 'are trained at Russian army facilities' and 'receive military awards in the Kremlin' in secret, he alleged. 'They are, in essence, special troops of the Russian army - despite the fact that mercenaries and private military companies are officially banned in Russia'. 'Officially denying deaths of armed Russian citizens that fight in Syria by the leadership of Russia is absolutely unacceptable,' he said. 'I call on Russian president Vladimir Putin to clarify this. If there were mass deaths of Russian citizens, then relevant officials including Commander-in-Chief of Russian Armed Forces (Putin), must announce it to the country and determine who is responsible.' The Kremlin has consistently refused to talk about the deployment of mercenaries - which is illegal in Russia - to Syria and rebel-held eastern Ukraine. According to Igor Strelkov, a former intelligence officer who was a commander of pro-Putin clandestine military operations in Ukraine, said the number of Russians killed in bloody clashes recently could be as high as 600. 'It is clear that there are hundreds of dead and injured, several hundreds,' he said. 'But the latest figure looks too extreme, it's allegedly over 600.' He claimed he was told by Russian private army sources in Syria that by Saturday, 644 had been killed, but he could not verify the figure. Pictures of a handful of the mercenaries who perished in Syria in the past week have emerged. One was Cossack fighter Vladimir Loginov, 51, from Kaliningrad, a father of two who formerly worked for the Russian Interior Ministry, who died in a U.S.-led coalition airstrike on February 7. He fell 'heroically defending our Motherland in its far reaches from crazy savages', according to the Baltic Cossack Union in Kaliningrad. Other mercenaries killed were Stanislav Matveyev, 38, and Igor Kosoturov, 45, from Asbest, Alexey Ladygin, 26, from Ryazan and Kirill Ananyev, 33, also with the same private military unit. Several of the mercenaries killed were reportedly employed by a shadowy private army called Wagner, which has close ties to the Russian defence ministry and whose leader has met Putin. Wagner - or Vagner - is the nickname of an ex-Russian special forces officer called Dmitry Utkin, who runs the private army. Utkin is reported to be the ex-commander of the famous Pskov special forces brigade and has been photographed with other Wagner army chiefs and Putin at a Kremlin ceremony. Other leaders of Wagner include decorated former senior Russian army personnel. Such 'deniable' forces enabled Russia to deploy in Crimea, other areas of Ukraine and Syria, while denying its soldiers were on the ground. The funding for the secret army is believed to come from Russia's military budget. A military analyst said: 'Russia is putting these mercenary forces in harm's way on the ground, while the regular army and Air Force are not at the frontline. Russian media said the Russian private contractors were part of pro-government forces that advanced on oil fields in the eastern Deir el-Zour province and were targeted by the United States. The reports cited activists who confirmed that at least four Russian citizens were killed in Syria last Wednesday. A US jet has destroyed a Russian-made T-72 tank during a bombing raid designed to protect rebel fighters in Syria, it has emerged. The tank was targeted near Al Tabiyeh on Saturday in a bid to stop it firing towards a position held by American forces and their Syrian allies, according to a Pentagon spokesman. The tank had been 'maneuvering with coordinated indirect fire' on a position held by Syrian Democratic Forces - a US backed rebel movement that has been battling ISIS. While America has been training and equipping SDF rebels during the brutal civil war in Syria, Russia has been backing forces loyal to dictator Bashar al-Assad operating nearby. The U.S. military said last week it launched air and artillery strikes on Syrian government-backed troops after some 300 attackers launched what appeared to be a coordinated assault on Syrian opposition forces accompanied by U.S. advisers in the province of Deir el-Zour. It said it was in regular communication with Russian counterparts before, during and after the attack, and Russian officials assured coalition officials they would not strike coalition forces. It said the U.S. strikes, which reportedly killed about 100 of the attackers, were in self-defense. The Russian Defense Ministry said 25 Syrian volunteers were wounded in the U.S. strike and insisted that its troops weren't involved in Wednesday's incident. It said that pro-government forces that advanced toward the area under control of the U.S.-supported forces had failed to coordinate their action with the Russian military in Syria. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis on Thursday dismissed any suggestion that Russia had any control over the attacking force, whose nationalities, motives and makeup he could not identify. The U.S. strike came as U.S.-backed Kurdish-led forces were vying for control of the oil-rich Deir el-Zour province with Russian-backed Syrian troops that are reinforced by Iranian-supported militias. The Russian and the U.S. militaries have maintained regular communications to avoid collisions on the chaotic Syrian battlefield. If the death of Russian private contractors is confirmed, it could further strain ties between the two countries that have plummeted to the lowest levels since the Cold War over the Ukrainian conflict, the war in Syria and the alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 US presidential election. Without mentioning the U.S. strike, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov noted on Tuesday that 'Americans have taken dangerous unilateral steps.' 'Those steps look increasingly as part of efforts to create a quasi-state on a large part of Syrian territory - from the eastern bank of the Euphrates River all the way to the border with Iraq,' he said. The state Tass news agency on Tuesday cited Natalya Krylova, a municipal lawmaker in the town of Asbestos in the Urals, as saying local residents Igor Kosoturov and Stanislav Matveyev were killed in Syria Wednesday. The Interfax news agency said that the Cossack group in the westernmost Kalningrad region said a member named Vladimir Loginov was killed in combat in the province of Deir el-Zour. It also quoted Alexander Averin, leader of extreme leftist group Another Russia, as saying that one of its activists, Kirill Ananyev, was killed by the U.S. strike near Khusham. Liberal politician Grigory Yavlinsky, who is running for president in Russia's March 18 presidential election, urged Putin to come into the open regarding the deaths of Russians in Syria, saying that official silence on the subject was 'unacceptable.' 'If many Russian citizens were killed, officials, including the commander-in-chief, must tell the nation about it and determine who is responsible for that,' he said. Russia has waged a military campaign in Syria since September 2015, helping Syrian President Bashar Assad's government seize large chunks of territory and turn the tide of war into its favor. Russian media have reported that in addition to Russian servicemen deployed to Syria, thousands of Russians also fought there as private contractors, allowing the Kremlin to keep the official death toll from its campaign in Syria low and avoid the negative public response. The Kremlin and the Russian Defense Ministry have refused to comment on media reports on Russian private contractors in Syria. 
963449778100203520	2018-02-13 16:28:21	https://t.co/rh74GuNi4r	Hundreds of Russian mercenaries are secretly fighting in Syria and scores have been killed by US forces https://t.co/rh74GuNi4r	 This is the moment a US fighter jet destroyed a Russian tank in Syria – after it emerged that hundreds of Russian mercenaries are secretly fighting in the country. The US jet destroyed a Russian-made T-72 tank during a bombing raid designed to protect rebel fighters in Syria on Saturday, reportedly killing hundreds of fighters, including a number of Russian mercenaries. If that proves true it would be the biggest clash between American and Russian forces since the end of the Cold War - and represent an escalation of tensions between the world's two most powerful armed forces who are engaged in a war by proxy in Syria. The tank was targeted near Al Tabiyeh in a bid to stop it firing towards a position held by American forces and their Syrian allies, a Pentagon spokesman said. It happened days after the US military said its anti-jihadist coalition had carried out strikes in 'self-defense' against forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in the same region, leaving an estimated more than 100 pro-regime personnel dead. It comes after reports that more than 200 private Russian military contractors were killed in a failed attack on a base held by U.S. and Kurdish forces last week, Bloomberg reports. In recent weeks, more than 600 Russian mercenaries have reportedly been killed in Syria, many of them in airstrikes carried out by the U.S.-led coalition. Russian President Vladimir Putin has been challenged to publicly admit to the mass deaths and accused of covering up his government's reliance of hired guns to minimise the extent of regular army casualties. Putin's spokesman Dmitry Peskov refrained from commenting on the reports about the deaths last week, saying on Tuesday that they need to be verified. Asked during a conference call with reporters if Putin raised the episode during Monday's phone conversation with President Donald Trump, Peskov said the situation in Syria wasn't discussed during the call. The Kremin said it had no information about Russian mercenaries being killed in Syria, saying it only knew about Russian nationals who have been deployed there as members of the armed forces. 'We don't have information about other Russians who might be in Syria,' Peskov told reporters on a conference call. The denial comes despite the leader of one of the private armies of mercenaries being photographed meeting Putin and attending a ceremony in the Kremlin. Opposition politician Grigory Yavlinsky, who is standing against Putin in next month's presidential election, has called on him to come clean on his use of mercenaries to prop up Syrian president Bashar-al-Assad - and to tell the Russian people the scale of the losses. Mr Yavlinsky claims mercenary forces 'are trained at Russian army facilities' and 'receive military awards in the Kremlin' in secret, he alleged. 'They are, in essence, special troops of the Russian army - despite the fact that mercenaries and private military companies are officially banned in Russia'. 'Officially denying deaths of armed Russian citizens that fight in Syria by the leadership of Russia is absolutely unacceptable,' he said. 'I call on Russian president Vladimir Putin to clarify this. If there were mass deaths of Russian citizens, then relevant officials including Commander-in-Chief of Russian Armed Forces (Putin), must announce it to the country and determine who is responsible.' The Kremlin has consistently refused to talk about the deployment of mercenaries - which is illegal in Russia - to Syria and rebel-held eastern Ukraine. According to Igor Strelkov, a former intelligence officer who was a commander of pro-Putin clandestine military operations in Ukraine, said the number of Russians killed in bloody clashes recently could be as high as 600. 'It is clear that there are hundreds of dead and injured, several hundreds,' he said. 'But the latest figure looks too extreme, it's allegedly over 600.' He claimed he was told by Russian private army sources in Syria that by Saturday, 644 had been killed, but he could not verify the figure. Pictures of a handful of the mercenaries who perished in Syria in the past week have emerged. One was Cossack fighter Vladimir Loginov, 51, from Kaliningrad, a father of two who formerly worked for the Russian Interior Ministry, who died in a U.S.-led coalition airstrike on February 7. He fell 'heroically defending our Motherland in its far reaches from crazy savages', according to the Baltic Cossack Union in Kaliningrad. Other mercenaries killed were Stanislav Matveyev, 38, and Igor Kosoturov, 45, from Asbest, Alexey Ladygin, 26, from Ryazan and Kirill Ananyev, 33, also with the same private military unit. Several of the mercenaries killed were reportedly employed by a shadowy private army called Wagner, which has close ties to the Russian defence ministry and whose leader has met Putin. Wagner - or Vagner - is the nickname of an ex-Russian special forces officer called Dmitry Utkin, who runs the private army. Utkin is reported to be the ex-commander of the famous Pskov special forces brigade and has been photographed with other Wagner army chiefs and Putin at a Kremlin ceremony. Other leaders of Wagner include decorated former senior Russian army personnel. Such 'deniable' forces enabled Russia to deploy in Crimea, other areas of Ukraine and Syria, while denying its soldiers were on the ground. The funding for the secret army is believed to come from Russia's military budget. A military analyst said: 'Russia is putting these mercenary forces in harm's way on the ground, while the regular army and Air Force are not at the frontline. Russian media said the Russian private contractors were part of pro-government forces that advanced on oil fields in the eastern Deir el-Zour province and were targeted by the United States. The reports cited activists who confirmed that at least four Russian citizens were killed in Syria last Wednesday. A US jet has destroyed a Russian-made T-72 tank during a bombing raid designed to protect rebel fighters in Syria, it has emerged. The tank was targeted near Al Tabiyeh on Saturday in a bid to stop it firing towards a position held by American forces and their Syrian allies, according to a Pentagon spokesman. The tank had been 'maneuvering with coordinated indirect fire' on a position held by Syrian Democratic Forces - a US backed rebel movement that has been battling ISIS. While America has been training and equipping SDF rebels during the brutal civil war in Syria, Russia has been backing forces loyal to dictator Bashar al-Assad operating nearby. The U.S. military said last week it launched air and artillery strikes on Syrian government-backed troops after some 300 attackers launched what appeared to be a coordinated assault on Syrian opposition forces accompanied by U.S. advisers in the province of Deir el-Zour. It said it was in regular communication with Russian counterparts before, during and after the attack, and Russian officials assured coalition officials they would not strike coalition forces. It said the U.S. strikes, which reportedly killed about 100 of the attackers, were in self-defense. The Russian Defense Ministry said 25 Syrian volunteers were wounded in the U.S. strike and insisted that its troops weren't involved in Wednesday's incident. It said that pro-government forces that advanced toward the area under control of the U.S.-supported forces had failed to coordinate their action with the Russian military in Syria. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis on Thursday dismissed any suggestion that Russia had any control over the attacking force, whose nationalities, motives and makeup he could not identify. The U.S. strike came as U.S.-backed Kurdish-led forces were vying for control of the oil-rich Deir el-Zour province with Russian-backed Syrian troops that are reinforced by Iranian-supported militias. The Russian and the U.S. militaries have maintained regular communications to avoid collisions on the chaotic Syrian battlefield. If the death of Russian private contractors is confirmed, it could further strain ties between the two countries that have plummeted to the lowest levels since the Cold War over the Ukrainian conflict, the war in Syria and the alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 US presidential election. Without mentioning the U.S. strike, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov noted on Tuesday that 'Americans have taken dangerous unilateral steps.' 'Those steps look increasingly as part of efforts to create a quasi-state on a large part of Syrian territory - from the eastern bank of the Euphrates River all the way to the border with Iraq,' he said. The state Tass news agency on Tuesday cited Natalya Krylova, a municipal lawmaker in the town of Asbestos in the Urals, as saying local residents Igor Kosoturov and Stanislav Matveyev were killed in Syria Wednesday. The Interfax news agency said that the Cossack group in the westernmost Kalningrad region said a member named Vladimir Loginov was killed in combat in the province of Deir el-Zour. It also quoted Alexander Averin, leader of extreme leftist group Another Russia, as saying that one of its activists, Kirill Ananyev, was killed by the U.S. strike near Khusham. Liberal politician Grigory Yavlinsky, who is running for president in Russia's March 18 presidential election, urged Putin to come into the open regarding the deaths of Russians in Syria, saying that official silence on the subject was 'unacceptable.' 'If many Russian citizens were killed, officials, including the commander-in-chief, must tell the nation about it and determine who is responsible for that,' he said. Russia has waged a military campaign in Syria since September 2015, helping Syrian President Bashar Assad's government seize large chunks of territory and turn the tide of war into its favor. Russian media have reported that in addition to Russian servicemen deployed to Syria, thousands of Russians also fought there as private contractors, allowing the Kremlin to keep the official death toll from its campaign in Syria low and avoid the negative public response. The Kremlin and the Russian Defense Ministry have refused to comment on media reports on Russian private contractors in Syria. 
963447941921951744	2018-02-13 16:21:04	https://t.co/DkMFcoJcH7	Devoted husband, 78, celebrates golden wedding anniversary with wife, 73, as she lies in a coma https://t.co/DkMFcoJcH7	 A devoted husband in China has expressed his love and dedication to his wife of 50 years - even though she was in a coma and couldn't hear it. The 78-year-old man, known by his surname Feng, put a golden ring on his wife's finger as he celebrated their golden wedding anniversary in her hospital ward in Haining, Zhejiang Province. His 73-year-old wife, known by her surname Wang, has been under intensive care for three years; and to help her recover, Mr Feng comes to the hospital every day to hold her hand and talk to her, according to a local report. The touching ceremony had been planned as a surprise by the medical staff, who treated the elderly couple as their own family. Mr Feng said he was deeply moved by the staff's kindness, and his wife's heart rate increased on the day. During the heart-warming event on February 7, Mr Feng not only gave his wife a new ring, but also cut a wedding cake. Hospital staff took pictures for the couple as Mr Feng stood by his wife's bed looking at her lovingly. Ms Wang was knocked into a coma in July, 2014, after suffering from a stroke. Apparently, it had always been a dream for Mr Feng and Ms Wang to be able to have a set of 'romantic' wedding pictures taken, reported state-run Qianjiang Evening News. The couple got married in 1960s and didn't have the luxury to do so at the time. Although unconventional, their new 'wedding photos' were full of love. Mr Feng believed his wife was happy when a nurse took the pictures for them. 'I feel she could feel it because she had big reactions. Her opened her eyes bigger than usual as if she wanted to see the moment and remember it,' Mr Feng told Qianjiang Evening News. Head nurse Zhou Juping said she and her staff felt Mr Feng and Ms Wang had become their family after three years. Nurse Zhou said: 'Normally there is really not much we could do, but as long as there is an opportunity we would help them as best as we can.' The nurse recalled how Mr Feng would come to the ward just to hold his wife's hand. The elderly man also loved talking about household stuff with his wife, hoping a familiar voice could help her regain consciousness. Earlier this month, hospital staff overheard the man saying the couple were welcoming their golden wedding anniversary and he hoped to have some pictures taken with his wife. Doctors and nurses decided to help him realise his wish by organising a special ceremony. Mr Feng and Ms Wang's wedding ceremony falls on February 20 - the fourth day of the Lunar New Year. The staff decided to hold the ceremony two weeks earlier to make sure they could buy the cake and decorations from shops. Head nurse Zhou even bought the couple a set of wedding rings with money out of her own pocket. Mr Feng burst into tear on the day: 'I thank them so much. I'm so touched.' Miraculously, Ms Wang's heart rate increased from around 70 to around 110 beats per minute during the ceremony, the report said. Head nurse Zhou told the reporter: 'We were strangers before, but Ms Wang's sickness has brought us together. She said it had been her pleasure to support and care for the elderly couple.
963447263338082305	2018-02-13 16:18:22	https://t.co/DxpoXOvqux	Toddler has a pair of scissors pierced into his skull through his cheek after falling onto the sharp object https://t.co/DxpoXOvqux	 A toddler had a pair of scissors lodged in his skull after falling onto the sharp object at his home in north-west China, according to Chinese media. The two-year-old, known by his nickname Pi Pi, found the scissors after his mother had used them to make dim sum and left them within his reach. Doctors from the Children's Hospital in Xi'an have removed the blades from Pi Pi's head, reported Kan Kan News. According to the hospital's neurosurgeon Shi Hangyu, a 6cm-long (2.3in-long) section of the scissors speared into Pi Pi's right cheek. One of the blade was lodged 3cm (1.2in) into the skull. Surgeon Shi said when Pi Pi was taken to the hospital, his condition was 'critical'. He said the scissors were stuck near major blood vessels and were inches from Pi Pi's right eye. Speaking to a reporter, Pi Pi's mother said she was aware of the fact that Pi Pi had taken the scissors. She said: 'I didn't get them back immediately. Unexpectedly a second later, he fell onto them.' The child is recovering in the hospital and is in stable condition, according to the report. 
963445438602006529	2018-02-13 16:11:07	https://t.co/1Sg7lNKpS6	'Living green walls' lined with trees and bushes could help reduce toxic pollution by absorbing carbon dioxide https://t.co/1Sg7lNKpS6	 'Living green walls' that absorb pollution could soon be built along major commuter routes around Birmingham. Structures in the city lined with trees, bushes and other greenery would deliver cleaner air at the roadside according to new plans. It is estimated that 900 deaths a year in Birmingham are linked to air pollution through conditions such as heart disease, lung disease and cancer. The plans, put forward by Birmingham Conservatives ahead of the May 3 UK local elections, suggest lining the city's 'urban canyons' with green structures. Urban canyons are confined areas of a city that are flanked by high walls of concrete or glass, such as busy roads. Because pollution cannot easily escape street canyons, lining them with green walls of grass, climbing ivy and other plants could filter out dangerous particles. One Birmingham Conservative councillor said the walls could remove 40 per cent of nitrogen oxides and 60 per cent of particulate matter from the surrounding air. Exposure to these pollutants has previously been linked with a higher chance of cancer and heart attacks in adults, as well as lung problems in children. Plans for green walls in Birmingham would dip into a £500 million ($700 million) pot of national funds to improve the city's green infrastructure. 'Green walls' are urban structures lined with trees, bushes and other greenery. They have been proposed as a way to tackle air pollution by absorbing major pollutants along busy commuter roads and city streets. 'Greening up' our streets with urban walls could reduce pollution in urban areas by as much as 30 per cent, according to a 2012 paper from the Universities of Birmingham and Lancaster. Researchers found that green walls could remove 40 per cent of nitrogen oxides and 60 per cent of particulate matter from the surrounding air. Exposure to these pollutants has been linked with a higher chance of lung cancer and heart attacks in adults, as well as breathing problems in children. The walls absorb pollution because plants naturally take in carbon dioxide and other pollutants and then expel fresh, clean oxygen. Green walls would be most effective alongside a city's 'urban canyons' - confined areas flanked by high walls of concrete or glass. Because pollution cannot easily escape street canyons, lining them with walls of grass, climbing ivy and other plants could filter out dangerous particles that would otherwise remain trapped at ground level. Sites in the UK with green walls include Centenary Square in Birmingham, as well as a number of locations in London including Edgware Road Underground Station, Westfield Shopping Centre and Park Lane. Birmingham Conservatives intend to line the Aston Expressway, a major commuter route out of the city, and other 'canyon locations' in the city with living walls. The city already has a green wall at Centenary Square in the city's centre, with London also sporting a number of the living structures at sites including Edgware Road Underground Station, Westfield Shopping Centre and Park Lane. 'Greening up' our streets with urban walls could reduce pollution in urban areas by as much as 30 per cent, according to a 2012 paper from the Universities of Birmingham and Lancaster. Councillor Robert Alden, Leader of the Conservative Group in Birmingham, said: 'Our vision means that we not only deliver clean air, but in doing that transform our City to being a global leading Green City. 'The plans Birmingham Conservatives are setting out will transform Birmingham with green infrastructure like living green walls being installed on city canyon locations like parts of the Aston Expressway to help clean the air around our roads. 'Research shows that they can remove up to 40 per cent of NOx and 60 per cent of particulate matter from the surrounding air. 'A Conservative Council would create a green infrastructure network across Birmingham, it would include living green walls, urban forests, micro parks and use of new technology like 'City Trees' which are 13-foot frames of moss covering that has the cleaning power of 275 tress.' The plans have brought criticism from some members of the public, with locals taking to social media to voice their concerns. Commenting on the proposed plans for the notoriously busy route, Clair Roberts said: 'No way! How did they get rid of the cars?' Chris Milne wrote: 'Given it is THE WAY in or out of Birmingham for anything other than the South West, I wonder why they don't prioritise the M6 North & South thoroughfares instead of worrying about what the view is while you're stuck in traffic on it. I suspect the pollution will drop if the cars weren't sat there unnecessarily.' Lynda Spence wrote: 'Why waste money? It's been like this for years. Give it to the NHS instead.' Joe Eveson commented: 'I just can't imagine it with green walls - it would be like a totally different world.' The walls are not the first radical environmental change set for Britain's polluted roads. Large 'tunnels' covering stretches of motorway to protect locals from dangerous levels of pollution are being considered by Highways England. The agency said in its August 2017 air quality strategy that it is exploring the possibility of building physical canopies around main roads to soak up car fumes. It is working on trials using a material that can absorb nitrogen dioxide (NO2), which can cause lung disease and is produced by diesel engines. In its report, Highways England said it is 'investigating if we can reduce the costs to construct a canopy, which is a tunnel-like structure designed to prevent vehicle emissions reaching our neighbours'.
963440390690017280	2018-02-13 15:51:03	https://t.co/uKAXEIQ8ob	Kim Jong-un's sister beams and clutches his arm after 'successful' trip to the South https://t.co/uKAXEIQ8ob	 Kim Jong-un has been pictured linking arms with his beaming sister as they posed with members of an Olympic delegation following its 'successful' trip to South Korea. The North Korean dictator is shown in a relaxed photo flanked by younger sister Kim Yo-jong and one of his closest aides, head of state Kim Yong-nam. Yo-jong and Yong-nam have returned from Pyoenchang where they were part of a delegation from the secretive state visiting the South for the Winter Olympics. Today, Kim said he wanted to boost the 'warm climate of reconciliation and dialogue' with South Korea following their return - as his foes reiterated the need to keep up maximum pressure and sanctions. Kim Jong Un gave instructions for measures aimed at more inter-Korean engagement after his younger sister Kim Yo Jong led a three-day visit to the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics, North Korea's state media reported on Tuesday. It did not specify what those instructions were. The United States has appeared to endorse deeper post-Olympics engagement between the two Koreas that could lead to talks between Pyongyang and Washington. South's President Moon Jae-in said on Tuesday the United States is open to talking with North Korea, Moon's spokesman told a briefing. 'The United States sees inter-Korean dialogue in a positive light and has expressed its openness for talks with the North,' Moon told Latvian President Raimonds Vejonis, according to the spokesman. U.S. officials also want tough international sanctions to be ramped up to push North Korea to give up its nuclear programme. That sentiment was repeated by Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Tuesday, who said Moon had agreed it was necessary to keep up maximum pressure on North Korea. Last year, North Korea conducted dozens of missile launches and its sixth and largest nuclear test in defiance of U.N. resolutions as it pursues its goal of developing a nuclear-armed missile capable of reaching the United States. Japanese officials took pains to stress there was no daylight between Japan, the United States and South Korea on their approach to dealing with North Korea. The United States' 'fundamental policy' aimed at denuclearisation of the Korean peninsula has not changed, said a senior Japanese diplomat in a briefing to lawmakers. 'The goal is denuclearisation and the process is dialogue for dialogue, action for action, so if North Korea does not show actions, the United States and Japan will not change their policies,' he said. A senior military official stationed at the border between North and South Korea told Reuters North Korea has lowered the volume of its border propaganda broadcasts since the Olympics' opening ceremony on Feb. 9. 'I still hear it, but it is much less than before,' said the official who is stationed on the southern side of the border and spoke on condition of anonymity. Moon, who was offered a meeting with Kim Jong Un in Pyongyang via his sister, has been pushing for a diplomatic solution to the standoff over North Korea's nuclear and missile programmes. Seoul is planning to push ahead with its plans for reunions of family members separated by the 1950-53 Korean War in order to sustain the dialogue prompted by the North Korean delegation's visit. Meanwhile, Trump urged Russia to do more in urging North Korea to scrap its nuclear programme, the White House said on Monday, aimed at intensifying the pressure campaign on Pyongyang. Talk of an inter-Korean summit, which would be the first since 2007 if it happened, come after months of tension between Pyongyang, Seoul and Washington. As with North Korean media over the weekend, the KCNA report again made no mention of the summit offer made to Moon. Rather, Kim Jong Un gave his gratitude to Seoul for their 'sincere efforts' to prioritise the delegation's visit, which were 'very impressive', KCNA said. Moon and his administration hosted several meetings and meals for the delegation during their stay at the presidential Blue House and luxury five-star hotels while Moon personally accompanied Kim Yo Jong for events at the Olympics as well as an orchestra concert. In addition to the high-level delegation, hundreds of North Koreans including an orchestra and cheer squad have visited South Korea for the Winter Olympics. The cheerleading team will be attendance at the united women's ice hockey team's final game in the Olympics on Wednesday, facing old rival Japan to conclude preliminary round play.
963437885092442113	2018-02-13 15:41:06	https://t.co/BmHeKvAtGy	French nun, 79, can now walk without morphine and leg brace after she was 'cured by miracle at Lourdes' https://t.co/BmHeKvAtGy	 A nun whose recovery from decades of spinal problems was declared a miracle insists that she is 'not a star' but just a 'little sister' glad to be able to walk freely again. Sister Bernadette Moriau, 79, visited the holy spring of Lourdes, southwest France, in 2008, seeking a cure to her chronic sciatica or pinched spinal nerve. Sister Bernadette's problem disappeared after her pilgrimage, an event which has now been recognised as the 70th miracle at France's fabled shrine of Lourdes. Speaking during a press conference on Tuesday, Sister Bernadette claimed she gave up morphine and her leg brace after visiting the shrine. 'I am here to bear witness, but I am not here to make you believe me.' Sister Bernadette, who was first diagnosed with her condition aged 27, had undergone four operations on her spinal column between 1968 and 1975 and was declared a full invalid in 1980. One foot was permanently twisted, requiring her to wear a brace and use a wheelchair. She took what she said were significant doses of morphine for pain. 'She experienced an unusual feeling of relaxation and heat in the whole of her body (and) heard a voice telling her to take off her equipment, the corset and the leg brace,' said a statement from her Catholic parish in Beauvais in the north of France. After further examinations by doctors and three meetings of church figures in Lourdes, the medical committee in the town confirmed that Moriau's recovery could not be explained scientifically, the statement said. 'Sister Bernadette Moriau now has a perfectly normal life,' the committee's president Alessandro de Franciscis told AFP. 'She is in very good health and herself visits the sick on a regular basis.' Lourdes is one of the most revered sites for the world's 1.2 billion Catholics because the town is said to be where the Virgin Mary appeared to a peasant girl in a grotto. The water from a spring in the Grotto of Massabielle is believed to have curative powers that attract pilgrims from around the world. A press conference will be held Tuesday in Beauvais featuring Sister Bernadette, De Franciscis and the bishop of the local diocese, Jacques Benoit-Gonnin. 
963432840691150848	2018-02-13 15:21:03	https://t.co/SON63I9xoH	Scientists claim the IQ of those we spend time with at age 11 influences our intelligence as adults https://t.co/SON63I9xoH	 The intelligence of our childhood best friends may have a lasting impact on how smart we are as adults, according to new research. Experts found that spending time with intelligent children at age 11 improves our IQ later in life, possibly because we absorb their superior knowledge and skills. The study shows that the influence of our childhood peers is important to our early development, scientists said. 'Overall, our results provide support for the hypothesis that having more intelligent friends is associated with higher future levels of intelligence.,' the researchers, led by Dr Ryan Meldrum of Florida International University in Miami, wrote in their paper. 'Our findings add … another layer of evidence for the important and pervasive influence of peers on a host of traits during adolescence.' The team used data collected from hundreds of families from 10 US cities between 1991 and 2007 as part research run by the National Institute of Child and Human Development. They used intelligence test results from 715 participating children completed when they were aged 10 and then again at 15. 'Target children' from the study were linked with the intelligence test scores of their individual best friends, who took part in the study aged 11-12. Most best friends were the same sex as each target child, and were no more than two years older or younger. The researchers found that the IQ of target children at age 15 was strongly linked to the intelligence of their best friend at age 11. The more intelligent target children's best friend was at 11 years old, the more intelligent the target child was likely to be as an adolescent. This was true even after factoring out the target child's own IQ score at age 10-11, as well as a range of more than nine other variables, including their mothers' IQ and education level and the opportunities they had to 'enrich' their learning at home. An experiment, the results of which were published in June, revealed most children surpass the intelligence levels of chimpanzees before they reach four years old. The study, conducted by researchers at the University of Queensland's School of Psychology, tested for foresight, which is said to distinguish humans from animals. The experiment saw researchers drop a grape through the top of a vertical plastic Y-tube. The researchers then monitored the reactions of a child and chimpanzee in their efforts to grab the grape at the other end, before it hit the floor. Because there were two possible ways the grape could exit the pipe, researchers looked at the strategies the children and chimpanzees used to predict where the grape would go. The apes and the two-year-olds only covered a single hole with their hands when tested. But by four years of age, the children had to develop to a level where they knew how to forecast the outcome, and they covered the holes with both hands, catching whatever was dropped through every time. Researchers said this shows children had not merely chosen best friends with a similar IQ to their own, but were directly influenced by the smarts of their peers. Experts suggested a high-achieving childhood best friend may improve our intelligence by motivating us to study harder, giving a lasting positive impact on IQ. We are also likely to absorb the knowledge and skills of our peers, meaning the brainier they are, the better our own intelligence. The research was published to the pre-print journal PsyArXiv and so has not yet been peer-reviewed. 
963429603112046592	2018-02-13 15:08:11	https://t.co/LCFKww2GeD	Pilots blamed for frozen speedometer that may have caused Russian passenger jet to crash killing all 71 on board https://t.co/LCFKww2GeD	 The pilots of a Russian passenger jet that crashed killing all 71 on board failed to turn on heating for key equipment resulting in flawed speed data, it has emerged. The AN-148 aircraft nosedived and exploded on the ground just minutes after leaving from Moscow's Domodedovo airport to Orsk on Sunday. Investigators say the disaster could have been caused by instruments showing incorrect speed after sensors had iced over due to a heating unit not being activated by pilots. It comes as it emerged that flight deck crew, Captain Valery Gubanov, 51, and co-pilot Sergey Gambaryan, 44, reported having technical problems before taxiing onto the runway. By this morning, some 1,489 fragments of bodies and 498 aircraft wreckage pieces were found in macabre searches by investigators, said an official from the Russian Emergencies Ministry. Scroll down for video The Interstate Aviation Committee said after studying the plane's flight data recorder that Sunday's crash occurred after the pilots saw varying data on the two air speed indicators. The flawed indication came because the pilots failed to turn on the heating unit for pressure measurement equipment before take-off. Pilots put the An-148 on autopilot after taking off from Domodedovo Airport but took manual controls back when they saw clashing speed data. The plane plummeted into a snowy field six minutes later. The pilots performed a series of manoeuvres and eventually took the plane into a dive at 30-35 degrees before the crash. The committee said it is continuing to study the data, but noted that 'erroneous data on the pilots' speed indicators may have been a factor that triggered the special flight situation'. It emphasised that the flawed speed data resulted from the 'icing of pressure measurement instruments that had their heating systems turned off'. Earlier reports indicated that the plane's captain had chosen not to have the plane undergo a de-icing treatment before take-off. The pilots of the stricken AN-148 plane which crashed killing all 71 on board reported technical problems moments before takeoff. Here are some of the key exchanges: Crew: 'To the right 1200, pressure 998.' Control Tower: '703, the Domodedovo-circle. Good afternoon. Take the flight level 60' Crew: 'We choose the flight level 60, the parameter of systems 03.' Crew: 'In a couple of minutes. We contact the technical team, we have problems. Literally in a minute we'll tell you, whether we taxi to the stand, or we taxi out.' Control Tower: '551, Domodedovo-circle, hello. Left positions are given, the course 'Delta Kilo for the interval, initially take 800 metres, ahead in passing and above.' Crew: 'To the left on Delta-Kilo we take 800 metres.' Control Tower: 'To the right on Delta-Kilo, take 800. Did you understand correctly ... 551?' Crew: 'With the right turn to the Delta-Kilo, take 800 metres. We are taking the flight level 130, 134, .... Thank you, bye.' The crew decides whether to have the plane sprayed by de-icing liquid, depending on weather conditions and the state of the plane. Meanwhile, a leak purporting to show exchanges with air traffic control appears to show that the crew called the Saratov Airlines technical team over an unspecified issue at the last minute. The glitch was serious enough for the captain to contemplate refusing his takeoff slot, although in the end he did not do so. One of the pilots warned as he was being given takeoff instructions from the control tower: 'In a couple of minutes. We contact the technical team, we have problems. 'Literally in a minute we'll tell you, whether we taxi to the stand, or we taxi out.' The wording implies the plane had already pushed back from the stand when this exchange took place. Air traffic control did not appear to acknowledge their warning, and later exchanges - all in Russian - show the pilots proceeding to takeoff as if they had resolved their concerns. The final words from the flight deck were: 'Thank you, bye.' The exchanges appear at odds with earlier assurances from the airline that there was nothing amiss in the plane's preparations for takeoff. The Investigative Committee, in charge of the a criminal probe into the crash, also denied that the pilots had reported problems to the control tower. Independent technical expert Yuri Antipov was quoted by Komsomolskaya Pravda newspaper as saying: 'This is the pilot who is talking about technical problems. 'The same person then reports that they will decide whether to taxi or not. 'So, there were technical problems in the plane right before take-off.' He added: 'It was before taxiing onto the runway, when the crew checks - according to the established regulations - the operability of all systems. 'By the way, it is known that one of the passengers sent a text message to a relative: 'We are standing for a long time, we do not take off'. 'This also indicates that problems were found on the ground. 'But after some time the pilots thought that they had solved this problem, that's why they went to takeoff.' - Feb. 11, 2017: An Antonov-148 regional jet operated by Saratov Airlines crashes shortly after take-off from Moscow's Domodedovo Airport with 71 passengers and crew aboard. No survivors are reported. - Dec. 25, 2016: A Tupolev-154 operated by the Russian Defense Ministry en route to Syria crashes into the Black Sea minutes after takeoff from Sochi. All 92 people on board are believed dead and the cause of the crash isn't immediately known. - Oct. 31, 2015: An onboard bomb destroys a Metrojet airliner soon after its takeoff from Egypt's Sharm al-Sheikh resort. All 224 people on board die. - Nov. 17, 2013: All 50 people aboard a Tatarstan Airlines Boeing 737 are killed when the crew sends the plane into a steep dive while trying to land in Kazan. - May 10, 2012: A Sukhoi Superjet on a demonstration flight for potential buyers smashes into a volcano in Indonesia while carrying 45 people. There are no survivors. - April 2, 2012: A UTAir ATR-72 crashes shortly after takeoff from Tyumen; 33 are killed, 10 survive. Poor de-icing of the plane is blamed. - Sept. 7, 2011: A Yakovev-42 carrying the Yaroslavl Lokomotiv hockey team crashes soon after takeoff from Yaroslavl, killing all 44 aboard. - June 20, 2011: Forty-seven people die when a Tu-134 crashes on a highway in heavy fog while trying to land in Petrozavodsk. - Sept. 14, 2008: 88 people are killed when a Boeing 737 flying from Moscow crashes as it prepares to land in Perm. - Aug. 22, 2006: A Tu-154 of Russia's Pulkovo Airlines crashes in Ukraine. All 170 people on board are killed. - July 9, 2006: An A310 belonging to Russian company S7 skids off the runway after landing in Irkutsk and bursts into flames. All 125 aboard killed. - April 24, 2004: 90 people are killed when female suicide bombers blow up two Russian airliners after takeoff from Domodedovo. Chechen rebels claim responsibility. 
963427818850963456	2018-02-13 15:01:06	https://t.co/7sevd4WGJy	Drug discovered in soil kills the MRSA 'superbug' https://t.co/7sevd4WGJy	 For the first time in 30 years, a new type of antibiotic has been unearthed, buried in dirt. Experiments suggest the antibiotic family, known as malacidins, can kill several 'superbugs', including the notoriously difficult-to-treat methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). The antibiotics' unique approach to killing pathogens targets bacteria's cell walls, which did not cause drug resistance in the laboratory, a US study found. When tested on MRSA skin infections in rats, the rodents experienced no side effects, giving the researchers hope they may have discovered a non-toxic alternative to current antibiotics. Experts have previously warned antibiotic resistance poses 'as big a risk as terrorism' and could revert modern society back to 19th century conditions where a simple infection or operation may be life-threatening. A lack of new drugs combined with overprescribing is thought to have driven antibiotic resistance, which, according to the World Health Organization (WHO), 'has the potential to affect anyone, of any age, in any country.' Antibiotics have been doled out unnecessarily by GPs and hospital staff for decades, fueling once harmless bacteria to become superbugs. The World Health Organization has previously warned if nothing is done the world was headed for a 'post-antibiotic' era. It claimed common infections, such as chlamydia, will become killers without immediate answers to the growing crisis. Bacteria can become drug resistant when people take incorrect doses of antibiotics, or they are given out unnecessarily. Chief medical officer Dame Sally Davies claimed in 2016 that the threat of antibiotic resistance is as severe as terrorism. Figures estimate that superbugs will kill ten million people each year by 2050, with patients succumbing to once harmless bugs. Around 700,000 people already die yearly due to drug-resistant infections including tuberculosis (TB), HIV and malaria across the world. Concerns have repeatedly been raised that medicine will be taken back to the 'dark ages' if antibiotics are rendered ineffective in the coming years. In addition to existing drugs becoming less effective, there have only been one or two new antibiotics developed in the last 30 years. In September, the World Health Organisation warned antibiotics are 'running out' as a report found a 'serious lack' of new drugs in the development pipeline. Without antibiotics, caesarean sections, cancer treatments and hip replacements would also become incredibly 'risky', it was said at the time. No antibiotic resistance Study author Professor Sean Brady from The Rockefeller University in New York, said: 'Topical administration was successful in sterilising MRSA-infected wounds in a rat model. 'At 24 and 72-hours post infection, malacidin treatment resulted in no observed bacterial burdens in the wounds. 'Likewise, the malacidins showed no significant toxicity against mammalian cells at the highest concentrations tested. 'Even after 20 days of exposure to sub-lethal levels we did not detect any malacidin-resistant S. aureus.' The researchers are investigating malacidin's potential at treating human infections. How the research was carried out The scientists analysed more than a thousand soil samples taken from across the US. Antibiotics found in these samples killed a variety of multi drug-resistant, disease causing bacteria. The findings were published in the journal Nature Microbiology. How serious is the antibiotic resistance crisis? Professor Brady added: 'Despite the wide availability of antibiotics, infectious diseases remain a leading cause of death worldwide. 'In the absence of new therapies, mortality rates due to untreatable infections are predicted to rise more than tenfold by 2050.' The WHO has also classified antimicrobial resistance as a 'serious threat' to every region of the world. Penicillin, the first and most famous antibiotic, was discovered by the Scottish microbiologist Alexander Fleming in 1928 and also came from soil bacteria. Soil is thought to be a good source of antibiotics as its low-nutrient content forces different bacteria species to fight against each other for survival, making them 'stronger'. Fleming's discovery allowed doctors to treat and cure infected patients, saving millions of lives. Yet, less than a century after Fleming's discovery there are precious few antibiotics left and many superbugs are already resistant to all of them. 
963424799967064066	2018-02-13 14:49:06	https://t.co/fXpNFHHmns	Devoted husband, 78, celebrates golden wedding anniversary with wife, 73, as she lies in a coma https://t.co/fXpNFHHmns	 A devoted husband in China has expressed his love and dedication to his wife of 50 years - even though she was in a coma and couldn't hear it. The 78-year-old man, known by his surname Feng, put a golden ring on his wife's finger as he celebrated their golden wedding anniversary in her hospital ward in Haining, Zhejiang Province. His 73-year-old wife, known by her surname Wang, has been under intensive care for three years; and to help her recover, Mr Feng comes to the hospital every day to hold her hand and talk to her, according to a local report. The touching ceremony had been planned as a surprise by the medical staff, who treated the elderly couple as their own family. Mr Feng said he was deeply moved by the staff's kindness, and his wife's heart rate increased on the day. During the heart-warming event on February 7, Mr Feng not only gave his wife a new ring, but also cut a wedding cake. Hospital staff took pictures for the couple as Mr Feng stood by his wife's bed looking at her lovingly. Ms Wang was knocked into a coma in July, 2014, after suffering from a stroke. Apparently, it had always been a dream for Mr Feng and Ms Wang to be able to have a set of 'romantic' wedding pictures taken, reported state-run Qianjiang Evening News. The couple got married in 1960s and didn't have the luxury to do so at the time. Although unconventional, their new 'wedding photos' were full of love. Mr Feng believed his wife was happy when a nurse took the pictures for them. 'I feel she could feel it because she had big reactions. Her opened her eyes bigger than usual as if she wanted to see the moment and remember it,' Mr Feng told Qianjiang Evening News. Head nurse Zhou Juping said she and her staff felt Mr Feng and Ms Wang had become their family after three years. Nurse Zhou said: 'Normally there is really not much we could do, but as long as there is an opportunity we would help them as best as we can.' The nurse recalled how Mr Feng would come to the ward just to hold his wife's hand. The elderly man also loved talking about household stuff with his wife, hoping a familiar voice could help her regain consciousness. Earlier this month, hospital staff overheard the man saying the couple were welcoming their golden wedding anniversary and he hoped to have some pictures taken with his wife. Doctors and nurses decided to help him realise his wish by organising a special ceremony. Mr Feng and Ms Wang's wedding ceremony falls on February 20 - the fourth day of the Lunar New Year. The staff decided to hold the ceremony two weeks earlier to make sure they could buy the cake and decorations from shops. Head nurse Zhou even bought the couple a set of wedding rings with money out of her own pocket. Mr Feng burst into tear on the day: 'I thank them so much. I'm so touched.' Miraculously, Ms Wang's heart rate increased from around 70 to around 110 beats per minute during the ceremony, the report said. Head nurse Zhou told the reporter: 'We were strangers before, but Ms Wang's sickness has brought us together. She said it had been her pleasure to support and care for the elderly couple.
963418970580836352	2018-02-13 14:25:56	https://t.co/UjiqczppFg	Macron brings back national service two decades after it was scrapped in bid to heal deep divisions in the country https://t.co/UjiqczppFg	 French President Emmanuel Macron is re-introducing compulsory national military service for young people in France, the government said today. By bringing back national service two decades after it was scrapped, Macron is fulfilling one of his campaign pledges. During his presidential campaign, Macron promised to make all young people spend a month getting 'a direct experience of military life with its know-how and demands'. He billed it as a way to build social cohesion and patriotism in a country battling deep divisions, by bringing young people from different backgrounds together in a barracks. But the proposal raised hackles in the army, which is already stretched thin by anti-terrorism operations in the Middle East and West Africa as well as patrols against jihadists at home. Opposition parties and experts also warned of the costs involved in training up 600,000 and 800,000 youngsters a year. Last week, Defence Minister Florence Parly appeared to cast doubt on the scope of the plan, saying it would 'probably not be obligatory'. But government spokesman Benjamin Griveaux on Tuesday insisted that Macron would not beat a retreat on the proposal. 'It will be universal... and it will be obligatory,' he told Radio Classique, adding that a taskforce would come up with suggestions on how to implement it by the end of April. But in a sign not all young people may be forced to don uniform he said that the service 'could also be a civic engagement', being about 'how you give your time usefully to the nation'. France's last conscripts were demobilised in 2001, ending nearly a century of military service which saw millions of men put through their paces. While some French men look back fondly on their stint in the army, many middle-class youths called in well-placed contacts - or feigned mental health problems - to duck out of it. In January, Macron - the first French president not to have been called up to serve, having come of age after it ended - insisted he was not trying to resurrect the tradition which was ended by ex-president Jacques Chirac. He said his aim was to give young men and women alike 'causes to defend and battles to fight in the social, environmental and cultural domains.' The government plans to trial the programme in 2019. 
963414719863410689	2018-02-13 14:09:03	https://t.co/qPTCosAtPC	Medical marijuana eases pain in MORE THAN 90% of elderly patients, study finds https://t.co/qPTCosAtPC	 Medical marijuana eases pain in more than 90 per cent of elderly patients, new research suggests. Among those over 65 suffering from discomfort, 93.7 per cent report an improvement after taking cannabis for six months, an Israeli study found. Out of a pain scale of 10, taking the class-C drug for half a year reduces older people's scores from an average of eight to four, the research adds. Cannabis also causes 18.1 per cent of opioid users to stop taking the painkiller or reduce their dose, the study found. Washington, Oregon, California, Alaska and Colorado have legalised marijuana for medical or recreational use. Opioids, which often lead to addicts experimenting with illegal substances such as heroin, have caused more deaths by accidental overdose than any other drug in US history, leading to a national public health emergency being declared in October last year. Earlier this month, experts in the UK announced patients prescribed powerful painkillers, such as opioids, should be monitored by hospital units rather than GPs to curb the addiction crisis. Going from being an occasional marijuana user to indulging every day increases the risk of psychosis by up to 159 percent, research revealed in July 2017. Marijuana is thought to cause psychosis-like experiences by increasing a user's risk of depression, a study found. The two mental health conditions have previously been linked. Frequently abusing the substance also significantly reduces a user's ability to resist socially unacceptable behavior when provoked, the research adds. Study author Josiane Bourque from the University of Montreal, said: 'Our findings confirm that becoming a more regular marijuana user during adolescence is, indeed, associated with a risk of psychotic symptoms. '[Psychosis symptoms] may be infrequent and thus not problematic for the adolescent, when these experiences are reported continuously, year after year, then there's an increased risk of a first psychotic episode or another psychiatric condition.' The researchers, from the University of Montreal, analyzed around 4,000 13-year-olds from 31 high schools in the surrounding area. Every year for four years, the study's participants completed questionnaires about any substance abuse and psychotic experiences. Psychotic symptoms included perceptual aberration - for example feeling that something external is part of their body - and thinking they have been unjustly badly treated. The participants also completed cognitive tasks that allowed the researchers to assess their IQ, memory and stimuli response. 'Cannabis is safe and efficacious in the elderly population' The researchers wrote: 'The therapeutic use of cannabis is safe and efficacious in the elderly population. 'Cannabis use may decrease the use of other prescription medicines, including opioids'. In terms of side effects, the results further reveal some 9.7 per cent of elderly people taking cannabis experience dizziness, while 7.1 per cent complain of dry mouth. The findings were published in the European Journal of Internal Medicine. How the research was carried out The researchers, from Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, analysed 2,736 people aged over 65 who received medical cannabis between January 2015 and October 2017 in specialised marijuana clinics. The study's participants completed a questionnaire about their pain intensity and quality of life after six months of marijuana use. Some 66.6 per cent of the participants were taking marijuana for pain, while 60.8 per cent took the class-C drug for cancer. Alcohol damages the brain more than cannabis This comes after research released earlier this month suggests alcohol damages the brain more than cannabis. Unlike booze, marijuana does not affect the size or integrity of white or grey matter in the brain, even after years of exposure, a study found. Grey matter enables the brain to function, while white controls communication between nerve clusters. Study author Professor Kent Hutchison from the University of Colorado Boulder, said: 'While marijuana may also have some negative consequences, it definitely is nowhere near the negative consequences of alcohol.' The scientists add, however, research into cannabis' mental effects are still very limited. Lead author Rachel Thayer said: 'Particularly with marijuana use, there is still so much that we don't know about how it impacts the brain.' Patients given powerful painkillers should be managed by hospitals In the UK, experts have called for strict rules that mean anyone given analgesics higher than a certain dose would be referred to specialist pain units. The team, led by academics at University College London, said this would help ensure patients are not left on the drugs for months without review. This comes off the back of a study published in the British Journal of General Practice. Lead author Dr Luke Mordecai said anyone given a drug with an equivalent strength of 120mg of morphine a day should be referred. He added: 'They need to be monitored in specialist care as happens with other conditions. 'If you had bad asthma, for example, you would not be looked after by your GP – you would be sent to a hospital team. 'If you are being given high doses of powerful pain relief, you should be referred to hospital.'
963414209898872832	2018-02-13 14:07:01	https://t.co/VkPcaLayj9	Drugs mule caught with a fake bottom stuffed with cocaine in his swim shorts in Portugal https://t.co/VkPcaLayj9	 A Brazilian man was caught trying to smuggle 2.2lbs of cocaine into Portugal, buy giving himself a very pert, fake bottom. The cocaine was packaged as two buttocks and hidden in the lining of a pair of swimming trunks. The man arrived at Lisbon International airport on a flight from the city of Belém do Pará, in northern Brazil. Lisbon police arrested the man and were later able to located a second suspect at a train station, believed to be the intended recipient. The two men have made their first appearance in court and are being held without bail. The pair, aged 32 and 40, are facing drugs trafficking charges, Lisbon police said. This comes just a few weeks after Portuguese and Spanish police were able to bust a Colombian drug ring trying to smuggle cocaine in pineapples. A cocaine bust in Spain in November had led police to an import company shipping fruit from Panama to Portugal and to a search of ships at the port of Lisbon. The searches uncovered wax-covered cylinders hidden inside pineapples and containing more than 300kg (660 pounds) of cocaine in all. Also seized was 400,000 euros ($489,000) in cash. The Iberian Peninsula is a major entry point for cocaine and other drugs to Europe, either directly from Latin America or via North and West Africa
963412935677763584	2018-02-13 14:01:57	https://t.co/wllnlcy3Bf	EXCLUSIVE: Boko Haram jihadists 'set to infiltrate Europe through Libya' https://t.co/wllnlcy3Bf	 When Ibrahim was nine years old, Boko Haram militants chopped off his friend's hand and dipped the stump in boiling oil. Much of his family had been butchered by the group; when he was 11, he saw a jihadi shooting his father dead. 'When I think about Boko Haram I have no emotion,' he told MailOnline in Bikari camp in Maiduguri, the wartorn capital of Borno state in northeastern Nigeria. 'I don't think I feel anything any more.' Ibrahim, 13, is just one of millions of Nigerians displaced by the savage nine-year insurgency, which has claimed over 20,000 lives, triggered malnutrition and disease, and forced entire communities to flee their homes. Now there is a growing fear that the African terror organisation – parts of which are affiliated to ISIS – is threatening to spill into Europe along migrant routes. MailOnline visited the city of Maiduguri, the war-torn capital of northeastern Borno state, to see first-hand the scale of the disaster. We travelled with the British charity Street Child, one of a small number of NGOs that helps children caught up in the conflict. Nigeria was the third biggest source of illegal migration into Europe last year with 37,000 new arrivals, behind only Syria and Afghanistan and ahead of Iraq by 10,000. Last month, a hardened Boko Haram fighter who had admitted slaughtering schoolchildren, burning down churches and taking girls hostage, was arrested by German police in Munich. So far, most Nigerian migrants have come from parts of the country free from the terrorist threat. But if the terror group is not suppressed, experts believe that a new surge in migration to Europe may be on the way – with more terrorists hiding in its ranks. Fatima Akilu, a former NHS psychologist who leads Nigeria's de-radicalisation programme, told MailOnline: 'As Boko Haram gets squeezed in Nigeria by the military, what is the next stage? Embed themselves in other countries far from their homeland? That could be the plan.' Maiduguri's population has doubled to two million with an influx of people fleeing the group, which seeks to establish a caliphate in the northeast, as well as parts of neighbouring Cameroon, Chad and Niger. In the city's largest camp, Dalori, we captured drone footage to illustrate the magnitude of the staggering humanitarian emergency. More than 50,000 traumatised refugees in the camp's two sections could be seen living in fear and deprivation beside open sewers. The camp is poorly defended and close to jihadi areas, making it a prime target for terrorists. Attacks take place with gruesome regularity. Two weeks ago, a suicide bomber infiltrated the camp and killed five people, including a 60-year-old man and his nine-year-old son. 'The refugees are living here in fear, like hunted animals,' said head of security Baba Shehu, 51, who ferried the dead and wounded to hospital in a wheelbarrow in the aftermath of the atrocity. Standing at the scene of the blast, Mr Shehu described how the horror unfolded. 'A car pulled up at the gates and two women got out,' he said. 'When the security guards questioned them, they began to run.' The first woman stumbled, he said, causing her bomb to detonate. It killed her but nobody else was hurt. The second attacker ran towards the camp. 'We saw in the light of the explosion that she was climbing a pile of refuse, trying to get in,' he said. 'She jumped over the wall, rushed to a group of people and fell inside them. The bomb went off and her head flew upwards into a tree. There were bodies and screaming people everywhere.' More than 626,000 displaced people live in 180 squalid camps like Dalori, with over 6,700 new arrivals in a week. Many of the younger generation have now begun to dream of a new life in Europe. 'Of course the youth wants to leave here and go to the EU,' said Abdul Hamid, a social worker in the Bakasi camp. 'The only thing that stops them is the money.' Last week, a village less than half a mile from the camp was razed to the ground by militants, leaving at least three dead and seven injured, as well as the loss of 57 homes. This is business as usual in Maiduguri, which saw the highest concentration of fatalities in the country last year. In January, 12 people were killed and 48 injured in a double suicide bombing at the market downtown. The streets are dotted with armoured cars which train their guns on thousands of yellow 'KK' tuk-tuks. Motorcycles, the terror group's favoured method of transportation, have been banned and a defensive trench has been dug at the city's edge. The push factors are obvious. Children and young people, who are more likely to journey to Europe, have been particularly affected by the crisis. Boko Haram – which achieved international notoriety in 2014 when it kidnapped 276 Chibok girls – has been known to use those as young as five to carry out its brutal suicide attacks. It is also known for its child soldiers. Youngsters who have escaped the group comprise some of the the most traumatised refugees in the camps. Several former child jihadis in Bakasi camp gave a harrowing account of life inside the terror organisation, describing an Islamist cult of brainwashing, torture and beheadings. Ibrahim, 13, was seized from his family at the age of nine and forced to read the Koran day after day for months while a boy of his own age beat him with the butt of an AK-47. Eventually, he was given a gun of his own and welcomed into the terror group. Ironically, he was appointed jailer, replacing the boy who had beaten him so brutally before. 'My mother was crying and crying when they took me,' he said. 'I never felt 100 per cent Boko Haram. Every night we went to sleep hungry and we pounded leaves to eat.' He was rescued during a gunfight with a group of traditional hunters who have been fighting the jihadis. 'They forced me to put down my AK,' he said. 'Then a man took my hand and I realised it was my father fighting for me and I was safe.' Tragically, however, his relief was shortlived. 'The shooting started again and my father was hit in the head,' he said. 'The bullet went into one temple and came out the other side. I saw him die.' Ibrahim is part of a group of former Boko Haram members who are often shunned by society when they return, and are dreaming of a life in the West. There are about 300 such children and teenagers in the Bakasi camp, which has an overall population of 21,000. Hassan, 15, had 21 siblings before the insurgency. Only five of them are alive today. His entire family was forcibly recruited by Boko Haram and after a period of brainwashing, he too became infatuated with the terror group. 'I saw a lot of people getting killed but I was never selected for an operation,' he said. 'I wanted to be selected. It would give me pride, I loved it. 'I liked the Amirs (leaders), I saw them as good people. I wanted them to like me so I would be selected for an operation.' After two years, his father confided that he wanted to run away. Hassan decided to go with him, together with his brother, mother and aunt. The rest of the family refused. They were pursued, however, by his 13-year-old cousin who caught them up on a bicycle. He shot the women dead, while the men – who were further up the road – managed to escape. Experts fear that if these traumatised children find their way to Europe as migrants, they would be in serious danger of re-radicalisation. 'This is absolutely a risk,' said Fatima Akilu. 'In Nigeria I run a comprehensive de-radicalisation programme that covers ideology, livelihood and education. But we don't have the resources to reach many of the children in the camps, and they certainly wouldn't get it in Europe.' A major Nigerian military offensive codenamed Deep Punch pushed the terror group out of urban areas last year and won territorial gains. In response, Boko Haram has ghosted into more remote locations and is focusing on soft targets, with an increased use of suicide bombs in Maiduguri. Yet with an eye on the upcoming elections, the country's president, Muhammadu Buhari, bizarrely declared that the terrorists had been 'defeated'. His words rang hollow on Wednesday, when Boko Haram released a 10-minute video of their leader, Abubakar Shekau, taunting the army and calling himself 'invincible'. He also claimed to be holding wives of policemen as hostages. Analysts agree that Boko Haram has indeed lost some ground. But contrary to Mr Buhari's claims, BBC research shows that the number of people slaughtered by the jihadi organisation actually increased last year. 'Every time the Nigerian government declares victory, it loses credibility,' Grant T Harris, formerly President Obama's senior adviser on Africa, told MailOnline. 'Any claim that Boko Haram has been defeated is incredulous. The war will become all the more political in the run-up to the Nigerian election. In turn, Boko Haram will try to prove it is a salient and capable force by mounting fresh attacks.' Mr Harris, now CEO of Harris Africa Partners, added: 'I don't see any quick resolution. We have a long way to go to truly cut off Boko Haram's resources and stifle its recruitment. This can only be done with a humanitarian programme to encourage development alongside the military response.' Some children displaced by Boko Haram have found their way into Islamic madrassas in the city, which teach them the Koran and send them out into the streets to beg. Known as 'Almajiri' children – meaning 'itinerant youngsters under Koranic instruction' – they constitute the largest group of out-of-school children in Nigeria. At the Goni Habeb Sangaya school in downtown Maiduguri, MailOnline visited a dirty, squalid and windowless room measuring about 15 sq ft which served as a bedroom for 20 child beggars. 'Our children study the Koran for one-and-a-half hours, then we send them begging for two-and-a-half hours,' said the head imam, Goni Usman, 50. 'They have to pay for their tuition somehow. We used to have them farm during the rainy season to generate money for the school, but we have not been able to do this for seven years because of the conflict.' Boko Haram has killed more than 2,295 teachers and displaced 19,000 since the insurgency began in 2009. When the new term began last September, more than 57 per cent of schools in Borno state remained closed. According to the UN, over three million Nigerian children are in need of emergency education support. Street Child currently provides learning facilities for 23,000, in the hope that foreign aid efforts may help to some extent to alleviate the crisis. The luckier children can be seen every day on the streets of Maiduguri in colourful school uniforms, and a few NGOs like Street Child are helping to provide an education to the most deprived children, including the Almajiri. At the Jajeri Bayan Texaco school set up by the charity, hundreds of orphans and children who lost their parents as a result of the insurgency are provided with a Western-style education. The school lies a short distance from the ruins of a house that belonged to the Boko Haram leader, Abubakar Shekau, who was using it to plan an attack when it was destroyed by the army. Other initiatives are also in force, such as a seed finance programme that provides a small sum of money to female heads of families so that they can set up their own small businesses. As things stand, however, both military and humanitarian resources are insufficient to remedy the huge crisis – which may soon arrive on Europe's doorstep. Last April, Nigeria's chief humanitarian coordinator, Ayoade Alakija, warned: 'The world could see a mass exodus from a country of 180million people if support is not given, and fast.' Fatima Akilu agreed. 'This is a strong possibility,' she said. 'At the moment, people still trust that the Government will resolve the problem. But if they lose all hope of returning to their homes, they may very well be triggered to leave.' She added: 'As Boko Haram comes under military pressure, it will no longer see itself as attached to Nigeria, but more connected to other parts of the world through ISIS. 'We already know that Boko Haram cooperates with other groups and fights with ISIS in a variety of countries. Europe could be the logical next step.' Street Child's latest appeal, Right to Learn, will support 10,000 children across Nigeria, Sierra Leone and Liberia to go to school and learn. Through UK Aid Match, the UK government are matching all donations, pound for pound, until 15th February. To donate, visit: street-child.co.uk 'It is very clear that the insecurity is here to stay for several years. In this context, it is not OK to sit back and say, we will wait for the situation to stabilise before focusing on matters of education. 'We need to find ways of focusing on education now as well, or whole generations will miss out. They will not have the skills to be productive. Then what? 'The vast majority of Boko Haram's recruits are uneducated young men short on other options. Will they try to make the journey to Europe? 'Either way, if we want to see a stable and safe northeastern Nigeria in five, 10 or more years time, it has to involve getting serious about education now, even during the conflict. 'Street Child is doing a lot. We need to be able to do more, as does everyone from the UN and Nigerian government down. Otherwise, I just don't see how it is possible to imagine peace and prosperity taking root.' 
963411766683275264	2018-02-13 13:57:19	https://t.co/MTwBIML5dL	Failed Uzbek asylum seeker pleads guilty to ramming a stolen truck into a crowd in Stockholm https://t.co/MTwBIML5dL	 The failed Uzbek asylum seeker who has confessed to ramming a stolen truck into a crowd in Stockholm last year killing five and injuring 14 has gone on trial. Rakhmat Akilov appeared before the Stockholm District Court on Tuesday where he is charged with terror-related murder and attempted murder. The prosecution has requested that he gets a life sentence and is extradited from Sweden. Akilov has said he wanted to punish Sweden for participating in the international coalition against the Islamic State group in Iraq and Syria. Akilov wore handcuffs as he entered the high-security courtroom where he was flanked by his defense lawyers. Prosecutor Hans Ihrman described how Akilov, 39, drove a stolen beer truck into a crowd of shoppers on a busy shopping street outside an upscale department store in Stockholm's city center on Apr. 7, 2017. Akilov was arrested hours later. 'Yes, it was Akilov who drove the truck that day,' his defense lawyer, Johan Eriksson, told the court. Five people were killed - a British man, a Belgian woman and three Swedes, including an 11-year-old girl. Briton Chris Bevington, 41, was working as a director with music streaming service Spotify and was based in Stockholm with his family when he died. 'The case is about 40 seconds that changed forever the lives of those who were on Drottninggatan' that day, prosecutor Hans Ihrman said. Three interpreters were at hand during the trial, expected to end May 9. A verdict is expected before the summer. In a room adjacent to the 90-seat court room, relatives listened quietly, some in each other's arms. Inside the main court room, Akilov stared at a screen where footage from the attack - including those he made while driving the truck - were shown. He looked at papers calmly as the prosecutor gave details about how Akilov used 53 SIM cards and social media including Whatsapp, Telegram, Viber, Facebook and Zello to communicate with others about his activities. Akilov had said he offered to the Islamic State group to carry out an attack in Stockholm on behalf of the group. It was not clear whether the group had accepted his offer. Investigators have found internet chat logs with unknown people in which Akilov discussed becoming a martyr and swore allegiance to IS between Jan. 12, 2017, and the attack on Apr. 7. They also found a memory card with 'material that can be connected to IS,' including execution videos and thousands of photos, including one of IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. The files were from 2014. Akilov, who turns 40 Wednesday, was born in Uzbekistan where he worked as a construction worker. He traveled to Sweden in 2014 where he had applied for asylum, claiming he had been persecuted at home. His application was rejected and he was ordered to leave Sweden in December 2016. Instead, he went underground, eluding authorities' attempts to track him down. Sweden's domestic intelligence agency has said it had nothing indicating he was planning an attack. The attack had shocked Swedes who pride themselves on their open-door policies toward migrants and refugees, and many expressed fears that something had gone badly wrong. In 2015, a record 163,000 asylum-seekers arrived in the country - the highest per capita rate in Europe. The government responded by tightening border controls and curtailing some immigrant rights. Officials have acknowledged the difficulty of keeping tabs on asylum-seekers who have been ordered to leave the country after their applications were turned down. 
963408893614358528	2018-02-13 13:45:54	https://t.co/SnLwIqPCLC	Woman climbs into X-ray machine during security checks as she fears her handbag might be stolen https://t.co/SnLwIqPCLC	 Have you ever worried your belongings might be stolen when you go through security checks? This passenger in China certainly did. A woman insisted that she climb into an X-ray machine with her handbag at a train station because she feared it might be stolen otherwise. Security staff were shocked to see the silhouette of a woman as they monitored the X-ray screens. The bizarre incident occurred on February 11 at a train station in Dongguan, southern China's Guangdong Province, according to Pear Video. Extraordinary images show the female passenger, still wearing her high-heeled shoes, kneeling down on the conveyor belt behind her belongings as they went through the check. Pear Video's footage also shows the woman climbing down from the X-ray machine afterwards. She then checked her handbag and a suitcase before leaving the checkpoint. The incident happened as millions of Chinese people pack their bags to go home for the upcoming Lunar New Year, which falls on February 16. The Lunar New Year travel rush, dubbed the largest annual human migration, began on February 1 across China. Around the nation, some 390 million people are expected to travel by train in a 40-day period. A total of 2.98 billion trips would be made by the 1.4 billion Chinese citizens by train, bus and air during the epic holiday season, according to China Central Television Station. 
963404655622541312	2018-02-13 13:29:03	https://t.co/1RZ18ziDHb	Baby girl is raped, tortured and murdered after being snatched from her parents' hotel room in Colombia https://t.co/1RZ18ziDHb	 A man raped, tortured and murdered a 13-month-old baby girl he snatched from her parent's hotel room before dumping her lifeless body in a water tank. The parents of the unnamed child woke to find their daughter missing from their hotel room in the city of Florencia in the southern Colombian department of Caqueta. They launched a desperate search for the baby and her tiny body was found shoved inside one of the hotel's water tanks. A man has been arrested by local police who refused to release his identity. Police believe she was kidnapped, raped and killed by another guest staying at the El Bostezo hotel. Hotel owner Jose Hernandez admitted the security guard in charge of the area had fallen asleep on duty. Nelly Tique, the baby's grandmother, is demanding justice for the family. Police have sent the baby's body for an autopsy and Javier Navarro, head of police in Caqueta, said an arrest had been made but the investigation was still ongoing. Officers needed more time to investigate and collect evidence, he said. Police are withholding the name of the suspect, as well as that of the little girl and her parents - who are now receiving counselling. Psychologist Karen Abudinen said: 'It is a harrowing situation that the young mother is going through, that is why we are not going to leave her for a single moment while she tries to come to terms with it.' The girl's family were stopping at the hotel on their way from the neighbouring department of Huila to the city of San Vicente del Caugan in Caqueta.
963400892576755712	2018-02-13 13:14:06	https://t.co/H09QcShC7D	Boko Haram jihadists 'set to infiltrate Europe through Libya' https://t.co/H09QcShC7D	 When Ibrahim was nine years old, Boko Haram militants chopped off his friend's hand and dipped the stump in boiling oil. Much of his family had been butchered by the group; when he was 11, he saw a jihadi shooting his father dead. 'When I think about Boko Haram I have no emotion,' he told MailOnline in Bikari camp in Maiduguri, the wartorn capital of Borno state in northeastern Nigeria. 'I don't think I feel anything any more.' Ibrahim, 13, is just one of millions of Nigerians displaced by the savage nine-year insurgency, which has claimed over 20,000 lives, triggered malnutrition and disease, and forced entire communities to flee their homes. Now there is a growing fear that the African terror organisation – parts of which are affiliated to ISIS – is threatening to spill into Europe along migrant routes. MailOnline visited the city of Maiduguri, the war-torn capital of northeastern Borno state, to see first-hand the scale of the disaster. We travelled with the British charity Street Child, one of a small number of NGOs that helps children caught up in the conflict. Nigeria was the third biggest source of illegal migration into Europe last year with 37,000 new arrivals, behind only Syria and Afghanistan and ahead of Iraq by 10,000. Last month, a hardened Boko Haram fighter who had admitted slaughtering schoolchildren, burning down churches and taking girls hostage, was arrested by German police in Munich. So far, most Nigerian migrants have come from parts of the country free from the terrorist threat. But if the terror group is not suppressed, experts believe that a new surge in migration to Europe may be on the way – with more terrorists hiding in its ranks. Fatima Akilu, a former NHS psychologist who leads Nigeria's de-radicalisation programme, told MailOnline: 'As Boko Haram gets squeezed in Nigeria by the military, what is the next stage? Embed themselves in other countries far from their homeland? That could be the plan.' Maiduguri's population has doubled to two million with an influx of people fleeing the group, which seeks to establish a caliphate in the northeast, as well as parts of neighbouring Cameroon, Chad and Niger. In the city's largest camp, Dalori, we captured drone footage to illustrate the magnitude of the staggering humanitarian emergency. More than 50,000 traumatised refugees in the camp's two sections could be seen living in fear and deprivation beside open sewers. The camp is poorly defended and close to jihadi areas, making it a prime target for terrorists. Attacks take place with gruesome regularity. Two weeks ago, a suicide bomber infiltrated the camp and killed five people, including a 60-year-old man and his nine-year-old son. 'The refugees are living here in fear, like hunted animals,' said head of security Baba Shehu, 51, who ferried the dead and wounded to hospital in a wheelbarrow in the aftermath of the atrocity. Standing at the scene of the blast, Mr Shehu described how the horror unfolded. 'A car pulled up at the gates and two women got out,' he said. 'When the security guards questioned them, they began to run.' The first woman stumbled, he said, causing her bomb to detonate. It killed her but nobody else was hurt. The second attacker ran towards the camp. 'We saw in the light of the explosion that she was climbing a pile of refuse, trying to get in,' he said. 'She jumped over the wall, rushed to a group of people and fell inside them. The bomb went off and her head flew upwards into a tree. There were bodies and screaming people everywhere.' More than 626,000 displaced people live in 180 squalid camps like Dalori, with over 6,700 new arrivals in a week. Many of the younger generation have now begun to dream of a new life in Europe. 'Of course the youth wants to leave here and go to the EU,' said Abdul Hamid, a social worker in the Bakasi camp. 'The only thing that stops them is the money.' Last week, a village less than half a mile from the camp was razed to the ground by militants, leaving at least three dead and seven injured, as well as the loss of 57 homes. This is business as usual in Maiduguri, which saw the highest concentration of fatalities in the country last year. In January, 12 people were killed and 48 injured in a double suicide bombing at the market downtown. The streets are dotted with armoured cars which train their guns on thousands of yellow 'KK' tuk-tuks. Motorcycles, the terror group's favoured method of transportation, have been banned and a defensive trench has been dug at the city's edge. The push factors are obvious. Children and young people, who are more likely to journey to Europe, have been particularly affected by the crisis. Boko Haram – which achieved international notoriety in 2014 when it kidnapped 276 Chibok girls – has been known to use those as young as five to carry out its brutal suicide attacks. It is also known for its child soldiers. Youngsters who have escaped the group comprise some of the the most traumatised refugees in the camps. Several former child jihadis in Bakasi camp gave a harrowing account of life inside the terror organisation, describing an Islamist cult of brainwashing, torture and beheadings. Ibrahim, 13, was seized from his family at the age of nine and forced to read the Koran day after day for months while a boy of his own age beat him with the butt of an AK-47. Eventually, he was given a gun of his own and welcomed into the terror group. Ironically, he was appointed jailer, replacing the boy who had beaten him so brutally before. 'My mother was crying and crying when they took me,' he said. 'I never felt 100 per cent Boko Haram. Every night we went to sleep hungry and we pounded leaves to eat.' He was rescued during a gunfight with a group of traditional hunters who have been fighting the jihadis. 'They forced me to put down my AK,' he said. 'Then a man took my hand and I realised it was my father fighting for me and I was safe.' Tragically, however, his relief was shortlived. 'The shooting started again and my father was hit in the head,' he said. 'The bullet went into one temple and came out the other side. I saw him die.' Ibrahim is part of a group of former Boko Haram members who are often shunned by society when they return, and are dreaming of a life in the West. There are about 300 such children and teenagers in the Bakasi camp, which has an overall population of 21,000. Hassan, 15, had 21 siblings before the insurgency. Only five of them are alive today. His entire family was forcibly recruited by Boko Haram and after a period of brainwashing, he too became infatuated with the terror group. 'I saw a lot of people getting killed but I was never selected for an operation,' he said. 'I wanted to be selected. It would give me pride, I loved it. 'I liked the Amirs (leaders), I saw them as good people. I wanted them to like me so I would be selected for an operation.' After two years, his father confided that he wanted to run away. Hassan decided to go with him, together with his brother, mother and aunt. The rest of the family refused. They were pursued, however, by his 13-year-old cousin who caught them up on a bicycle. He shot the women dead, while the men – who were further up the road – managed to escape. Experts fear that if these traumatised children find their way to Europe as migrants, they would be in serious danger of re-radicalisation. 'This is absolutely a risk,' said Fatima Akilu. 'In Nigeria I run a comprehensive de-radicalisation programme that covers ideology, livelihood and education. But we don't have the resources to reach many of the children in the camps, and they certainly wouldn't get it in Europe.' A major Nigerian military offensive codenamed Deep Punch pushed the terror group out of urban areas last year and won territorial gains. In response, Boko Haram has ghosted into more remote locations and is focusing on soft targets, with an increased use of suicide bombs in Maiduguri. Yet with an eye on the upcoming elections, the country's president, Muhammadu Buhari, bizarrely declared that the terrorists had been 'defeated'. His words rang hollow on Wednesday, when Boko Haram released a 10-minute video of their leader, Abubakar Shekau, taunting the army and calling himself 'invincible'. He also claimed to be holding wives of policemen as hostages. Analysts agree that Boko Haram has indeed lost some ground. But contrary to Mr Buhari's claims, BBC research shows that the number of people slaughtered by the jihadi organisation actually increased last year. 'Every time the Nigerian government declares victory, it loses credibility,' Grant T Harris, formerly President Obama's senior adviser on Africa, told MailOnline. 'Any claim that Boko Haram has been defeated is incredulous. The war will become all the more political in the run-up to the Nigerian election. In turn, Boko Haram will try to prove it is a salient and capable force by mounting fresh attacks.' Mr Harris, now CEO of Harris Africa Partners, added: 'I don't see any quick resolution. We have a long way to go to truly cut off Boko Haram's resources and stifle its recruitment. This can only be done with a humanitarian programme to encourage development alongside the military response.' Some children displaced by Boko Haram have found their way into Islamic madrassas in the city, which teach them the Koran and send them out into the streets to beg. Known as 'Almajiri' children – meaning 'itinerant youngsters under Koranic instruction' – they constitute the largest group of out-of-school children in Nigeria. At the Goni Habeb Sangaya school in downtown Maiduguri, MailOnline visited a dirty, squalid and windowless room measuring about 15 sq ft which served as a bedroom for 20 child beggars. 'Our children study the Koran for one-and-a-half hours, then we send them begging for two-and-a-half hours,' said the head imam, Goni Usman, 50. 'They have to pay for their tuition somehow. We used to have them farm during the rainy season to generate money for the school, but we have not been able to do this for seven years because of the conflict.' Boko Haram has killed more than 2,295 teachers and displaced 19,000 since the insurgency began in 2009. When the new term began last September, more than 57 per cent of schools in Borno state remained closed. According to the UN, over three million Nigerian children are in need of emergency education support. Street Child currently provides learning facilities for 23,000, in the hope that foreign aid efforts may help to some extent to alleviate the crisis. The luckier children can be seen every day on the streets of Maiduguri in colourful school uniforms, and a few NGOs like Street Child are helping to provide an education to the most deprived children, including the Almajiri. At the Jajeri Bayan Texaco school set up by the charity, hundreds of orphans and children who lost their parents as a result of the insurgency are provided with a Western-style education. The school lies a short distance from the ruins of a house that belonged to the Boko Haram leader, Abubakar Shekau, who was using it to plan an attack when it was destroyed by the army. Other initiatives are also in force, such as a seed finance programme that provides a small sum of money to female heads of families so that they can set up their own small businesses. As things stand, however, both military and humanitarian resources are insufficient to remedy the huge crisis – which may soon arrive on Europe's doorstep. Last April, Nigeria's chief humanitarian coordinator, Ayoade Alakija, warned: 'The world could see a mass exodus from a country of 180million people if support is not given, and fast.' Fatima Akilu agreed. 'This is a strong possibility,' she said. 'At the moment, people still trust that the Government will resolve the problem. But if they lose all hope of returning to their homes, they may very well be triggered to leave.' She added: 'As Boko Haram comes under military pressure, it will no longer see itself as attached to Nigeria, but more connected to other parts of the world through ISIS. 'We already know that Boko Haram cooperates with other groups and fights with ISIS in a variety of countries. Europe could be the logical next step.' Street Child's latest appeal, Right to Learn, will support 10,000 children across Nigeria, Sierra Leone and Liberia to go to school and learn. Through UK Aid Match, the UK government are matching all donations, pound for pound, until 15th February. To donate, visit: street-child.co.uk 'It is very clear that the insecurity is here to stay for several years. In this context, it is not OK to sit back and say, we will wait for the situation to stabilise before focusing on matters of education. 'We need to find ways of focusing on education now as well, or whole generations will miss out. They will not have the skills to be productive. Then what? 'The vast majority of Boko Haram's recruits are uneducated young men short on other options. Will they try to make the journey to Europe? 'Either way, if we want to see a stable and safe northeastern Nigeria in five, 10 or more years time, it has to involve getting serious about education now, even during the conflict. 'Street Child is doing a lot. We need to be able to do more, as does everyone from the UN and Nigerian government down. Otherwise, I just don't see how it is possible to imagine peace and prosperity taking root.' 
963399309113937923	2018-02-13 13:07:49	https://t.co/zoGFoyZIWX	Fears an underwater supervolcano could erupt WITHOUT warning and kill 100 million people https://t.co/zoGFoyZIWX	 A submerged volcano off the coast of Japan that erupted 7,300 years ago could be preparing to make a comeback. Scientists have discovered evidence of a giant dome of lava in the Kikai volcano's collapsed magma chamber. They believe it contains about 32 cubic km (7.68 cubic miles) of magma, and distortions on its surface suggest the dome is growing. Currently the dome is around 6.2 miles (10 kilometers) wide and 1,968 feet (600 meters) tall. Scientists say an eruption could take place without warning, and if it does, it could kill as many as 100 million people and trigger a 'volcanic winter'. The study, conducted by researchers with the Kobe Ocean-Bottom Exploration Center (KOBEC) at Kobe University, confirmed that the giant lava dome was created after a caldera-forming supereruption 7,300 years ago. That eruption is thought to have wiped out the prehistoric Jomon civilisation in southern Japan. If the new lava dome erupts, it could eject huge amounts of debris into the atmosphere, potentially blocking out the sun for some areas to trigger a 'volcanic winter'. It could also cause tsunami that would hit southern Japan and the coasts of Taiwan and China, before striking the coasts of North and South America. The paper says such supereruptions are 'rare but extremely hazardous events, and also have severe global impacts such as 'volcanic winter'. 'Many of these super-volcanoes repeat super-eruptions in their multi-million year histories', the report said, adding that the scientists hope to be able to use their research in 'preparation for the next super-eruption'. The lava dome is in a caldera - a cauldron-like depression that forms following the collapse of a volcano into itself, forming a crater. These collapses are usually triggered when a magma reservoir beneath a volcano is emptied as the result of a volcanic eruption. Since KOBEC was established in 2015, the Center has carried out three survey voyages. The lava dome rises to 600 metres (1,968.5 feet) above the seabed and is now only 30.5 metres (100 feet) beneath the surface. According to the study, the outer and inner caldera rim may overlap on Satsuma Iōjima and Takeshima Islands, which belong to the southerly Ōsumi Islands Archipelago off southern coast of Japan. Six samples collected so far from this dome are rhyolites, a type of igneous rock that forms through the cooling of magma or lava, suggesting that the dome could contain lava. The researchers discovered several intrusions on the surface of the dome, leading them to believe that lava is building up underneath the dome. They also spotted active gas bubbling, as well as super-heated water columns, near the caldera. Professor Yoshiyuki Tastsumi, head of KOBEC and a magma specialist, as well as the first author of the study, told The Mainichi newspaper that 'Although the probability of a gigantic caldera eruption hitting the Japanese archipelago is 1 percent in the next 100 years, it is estimated that the death toll could rise to approximately 100 million in the worst case scenario'. Researchers equipped training ship Fukae Maru, part of the Kobe University Graduate School of Maritime Sciences, with the latest observation equipment to survey the Kikai Caldera. During the three voyages, KOBEC carried out detailed underwater geological surveys, seismic reflection (estimating the properties of the Earth's subsurface from reflected seismic waves), observations by underwater robots, samples and analysis of rocks, and observations using underwater seismographs and electromagnetometers. In their upcoming March 2018 voyage, the researchers plan to use seismic reflection and underwater robots to clarify the formation process of the caldera revealed in previous surveys and the mechanism that causes a giant caldera eruption. They will also use seismic and electromagentic methods to determine the existence of a giant magma build-up, and in collaboration with the Japan Agency for Marine-Earth Science and Technology will carry out a large-scale underground survey, attempting to capture high-resolution visualizations of the magma system within the Earth's crust. Based on results from these surveys, the team plans to continue monitoring and aims to pioneer a method for predicting giant caldera-forming eruptions. Japan sits atop four different tectonic plates, making it one of Earth's most seismically active regions. Japan and its islands lie within the Pacific 'Ring of Fire' - a horseshoe-shaped geological zone that is a hot bed for tectonic and volcanic activity. Earth's so-called 'Ring of Fire' is a horseshoe-shaped geological disaster zone that is a hot bed for tectonic and volcanic activity. Roughly 90 per cent of the world's earthquakes occur in the belt, which is also home to more than 450 volcanoes. The seismic region stretches along the Pacific Ocean coastlines, where the Pacific Plate grinds against other plates that form the Earth's crust. It loops from New Zealand to Chile, passing through the coasts of Asia and the Americas on the way. In total, the loop makes up a 25,000-mile (40,000-kilometre) -long zone prone to frequent earthquakes and eruptions. The region is susceptible to disasters because it is home to a vast number of 'subduction zones', areas where tectonic plates overlap. Earthquakes are triggered when these plates scrape or slide underneath one another, and when that happens at sea it can spawn tsunamis. 
963395356791894016	2018-02-13 12:52:06	https://t.co/ylMa72ee8Z	Kim Jong-un's sister beams and clutches his arm as they pose for a relaxed photo with Olympics delegation https://t.co/ylMa72ee8Z	 Kim Jong-un has been pictured linking arms with his beaming sister as they posed with members of an Olympic delegation following its 'successful' trip to South Korea. The North Korean dictator is shown in a relaxed photo flanked by younger sister Kim Yo-jong and one of his closest aides, head of state Kim Yong-nam. Yo-jong and Yong-nam have returned from Pyoenchang where they were part of a delegation from the secretive state visiting the South for the Winter Olympics. Today, Kim said he wanted to boost the 'warm climate of reconciliation and dialogue' with South Korea following their return - as his foes reiterated the need to keep up maximum pressure and sanctions. Kim Jong Un gave instructions for measures aimed at more inter-Korean engagement after his younger sister Kim Yo Jong led a three-day visit to the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics, North Korea's state media reported on Tuesday. It did not specify what those instructions were. The United States has appeared to endorse deeper post-Olympics engagement between the two Koreas that could lead to talks between Pyongyang and Washington. South's President Moon Jae-in said on Tuesday the United States is open to talking with North Korea, Moon's spokesman told a briefing. 'The United States sees inter-Korean dialogue in a positive light and has expressed its openness for talks with the North,' Moon told Latvian President Raimonds Vejonis, according to the spokesman. U.S. officials also want tough international sanctions to be ramped up to push North Korea to give up its nuclear programme. That sentiment was repeated by Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Tuesday, who said Moon had agreed it was necessary to keep up maximum pressure on North Korea. Last year, North Korea conducted dozens of missile launches and its sixth and largest nuclear test in defiance of U.N. resolutions as it pursues its goal of developing a nuclear-armed missile capable of reaching the United States. Japanese officials took pains to stress there was no daylight between Japan, the United States and South Korea on their approach to dealing with North Korea. The United States' 'fundamental policy' aimed at denuclearisation of the Korean peninsula has not changed, said a senior Japanese diplomat in a briefing to lawmakers. 'The goal is denuclearisation and the process is dialogue for dialogue, action for action, so if North Korea does not show actions, the United States and Japan will not change their policies,' he said. A senior military official stationed at the border between North and South Korea told Reuters North Korea has lowered the volume of its border propaganda broadcasts since the Olympics' opening ceremony on Feb. 9. 'I still hear it, but it is much less than before,' said the official who is stationed on the southern side of the border and spoke on condition of anonymity. Moon, who was offered a meeting with Kim Jong Un in Pyongyang via his sister, has been pushing for a diplomatic solution to the standoff over North Korea's nuclear and missile programmes. Seoul is planning to push ahead with its plans for reunions of family members separated by the 1950-53 Korean War in order to sustain the dialogue prompted by the North Korean delegation's visit. Meanwhile, Trump urged Russia to do more in urging North Korea to scrap its nuclear programme, the White House said on Monday, aimed at intensifying the pressure campaign on Pyongyang. Talk of an inter-Korean summit, which would be the first since 2007 if it happened, come after months of tension between Pyongyang, Seoul and Washington. As with North Korean media over the weekend, the KCNA report again made no mention of the summit offer made to Moon. Rather, Kim Jong Un gave his gratitude to Seoul for their 'sincere efforts' to prioritise the delegation's visit, which were 'very impressive', KCNA said. Moon and his administration hosted several meetings and meals for the delegation during their stay at the presidential Blue House and luxury five-star hotels while Moon personally accompanied Kim Yo Jong for events at the Olympics as well as an orchestra concert. In addition to the high-level delegation, hundreds of North Koreans including an orchestra and cheer squad have visited South Korea for the Winter Olympics. The cheerleading team will be attendance at the united women's ice hockey team's final game in the Olympics on Wednesday, facing old rival Japan to conclude preliminary round play.
963394590551236608	2018-02-13 12:49:04	https://t.co/y04EZ7qs89	Snake handler narrowly avoids 'kiss of death' after grabbing venomous black mamba with his bare hands https://t.co/y04EZ7qs89	 A morning jog along a beautiful beach as the sun rises over the horizon sounds like the perfect start to a holiday. But for one teenage boy in South Africa, his early morning run almost turned deadly when he nearly tripped over one of the world's deadliest snakes. Video footage from Scottburgh, South Africa, shows a brave snake handler dragging the 9ft snake along the empty sands with two sticks shortly after the boy raised the alarm. Once he is in a safe position, he grabs the deadly black mamba snake by the head with his bare hands to ensure its jaws can't clamp down on him before placing the snake into a box. The black mamba (Dendroaspis polylepis) is the most dangerous snake in Africa, where its bite is known as the 'kiss of death'. It was later taken to the Crocworld Conservation Centre before being released into a safe habitat away from humans. The serpent was spotted on a stretch of beach outside the town's Cutty Sark Hotel. Hotel manager Martin Rodrigues said: 'Snakes are in our vicinity most of the time but human encounters with snakes are few and far between. 'It is important not to panic if you encounter a snake. Be vigilant and observant of your surroundings. 'Although the black mamba is Africa's most feared snake, it is a vital apex predator, at the top of the food chain.' He said it was possible that the snake was cooling down due to hot weather or 'having a drink of salty water', and he added: 'It may have been tired or caught up in the waves. 'When I tried to catch the snake, I noticed a lot of water coming out of its mouth so it may have swallowed quite a bit of sea water.' Mr Rodrigues said people often get bitten when they try to catch or kill snakes, and advised them to keep a safe distance of about five metres (16.4ft) and to contact an expert if they see one. Black mamba's are also one of the world's fastest snakes but attacks on humans are rare as they try to avoid confrontation. 
963392991414153222	2018-02-13 12:42:42	https://t.co/8LFmQ5BsGh	Revealed: 5 supplements to revive a flagging libido, outside of dubious 'sexual enhancement' treatments https://t.co/8LFmQ5BsGh	 If you have a low libido, you're not alone. Research by the American Sexual Health Association shows between 30 to 50 per cent of people will lose their sex drive at some point in their lives. It can be caused by a variety of reasons, such as hormonal changes, low energy, stress, alcohol and even drugs. Writing for Healthista, nutritionist Rick Hay reveals his best supplements to counter these natural swings in swagger. Vitamin E If you're lacking interest in sex or desire, Vitamin E is important because it increases testosterone levels, which therefore increases stamina and also helps raise desire. For men, it also enhances sperm count and motility. Research published in the Archives of Andrology shows that study participants who took 400 mg of vitamin E in conjunction with 225 mcg of selenium showed improvements in sperm motility. Increased testosterone levels also help with blood flow and oxygenation of the body – essential if erectile dysfunction is an issue. Polyphenols If you want to increase sex drive you've got to be in the mood and a key group of supplements I recommend for this are polyphenols found in berries, dark red grapes and red wine and the substances that gives them their dark pigment. In fact, women who drank a glass of red daily reported higher levels of sexual desire and vaginal lubrication, compared with those who sipped any kind of alcohol only occasionally or those who didn't drink at all, according to a study in the Journal of Sexual Medicine. Glow Food contains a concentrated combination of berries that are rich in polyphenols that are going to help improve circulation and blood flow, thanks to their polyphenol content. These berries are high in antioxidants to help with immunity and, combined with the ability to raise serotonin and dopamine (neurotransmitters in the brain essential to good mood) levels, could help enhance mood. Because, let's face it, bad mood rarely equals good sex. B vitamins and Zinc B vitamins will help to nourish the nervous system and boost mood. Zinc can help raise testosterone levels which will also helps raise sexual desire – a study in the Journal of Human Reproductive Sciences found male rats taking zinc took longer to ejaculate compared to a control group. Aduna Super Cacao powder contains a chemical called phenylethylamine and this promotes a feel good factor like a happiness hormone. It also contains B vitamins and Zinc. Omega 3s Research has shown that Omega 3 fatty acids can help decrease anxiety and depression which in turn means that if these two are decreased your desire may be be increased. Omega 3 fatty acids can also help increase dopamine levels too. This can improve mood but also help to trigger arousal. Omega 3 can also help with the moisturisation of the skin and also help to moisturise mucus membranes which helps to reduce dryness and create lubrication needed during menopause and the years leading up to it. Omega-3 fatty acids are found in oily fish as well as flaxseeds and in concentrated levels in good quality supplements. If you're a vegetarian you may want to try BioCare Essential Fatty Acids supplement. It's a combination of linseed oil and borage oil. Both of these together help to balance hormones and is the veggy alternative to the Bio-Fish Oil. Ginkgo I've used Gingko Biloba, a popular ancient Chinese herbal remedy, for many years successfully with my clients for low sex drive. It aids blood circulation and it's crucial to have good blood circulation to the sexual organs to help with sexual function. Ginkgo also reduces platelet aggregations which means that it helps to clear blood vessels and promote vasodilation (widening of the blood vessels essential for for erectile function) this is thanks to components called terpenoids and ginkaloids that it contains. A very small study on men also found that taking 50mg ginkgo biloba twice a day could help men who had antidepressant induced low sex drive (SSRI antidepressants can cause low libido as a side effect). This article originally appeared on and has been reproduced with the permission of Healthista. 
963392086346207235	2018-02-13 12:39:07	https://t.co/PHK86xtDKu	Damascus warns Israel it faces 'more surprises' if it tries to attack Syria again https://t.co/PHK86xtDKu	 Damascus has warned that Israel can expect 'further surprises' if it launches more attacks Syrian soil after one of its jets was shot down on Saturday. Assistant foreign minister Ayman Sussan warned that his country is more than capable of 'confronting attacks' despite being wracked by civil war. Sussan spoke after Syrian anti-aircraft fire downed an Israeli F16 as it returned from a bombing raid on Iran-backed positions in Syria early on Saturday. He said: 'Have full confidence the aggressor will be greatly surprised because it thought this war - this war of attrition Syria has been exposed to for years - had made it incapable of confronting attacks. 'God willing they will see more surprises whenever they try to attack Syria.' Israel accused Iranian forces in Syria - which are backing the government of Bashar al-Assad - of flying a drone into their territory early on Saturday. As a result they launched airstrikes against Iranian positions deep inside Syria, which resulted in one of their jets being shot down as it returned to Israel. In retaliation, Israel lauched more strikes in Syria, saying it destroyed 12 targets including four Iranian bases. On Sunday Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu hailed the success of the strikes, but made no mention of future operations. 'We inflicted on Saturday a heavy blow to Iranian and Syrian forces,' he said. 'We made clear to everyone that our rules of engagement will not change in any way. 'We will continue to harm anyone who tries to harm us. This was our policy and this will remain our policy.' Iran´s involvement in Syria, including the deployment of Iran-backed forces near the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights, has alarmed Israel, which has said it would counter any threat and has mounted regular attacks into Syria. Israel also has accused Iran of planning to build precision-guided missile factories in Lebanon, which is home to the powerful Hezbollah movement, one of the groups fighting in support of Assad in Syria.
963389549027250176	2018-02-13 12:29:02	https://t.co/O2lBPBCkR1	A psychologist explains how animals reduce stress and even make us feel less physical pain https://t.co/O2lBPBCkR1	 We've known that pets can provide an important part of healthcare since the ninth century. The 'human-animal' bond has been used for hundreds of years to help people recover from many different types of illness. In fact, new research published in BMC Psychiatry today found unequivocally that pets boost mental health. A team of researchers from three British universities (Manchester, Liverpool and Southampton) has carried out a review of studies on pets. The analysis of 17 international papers looked at the quality of a pet's impact on human beings, and how much they affect us - for better or worse. Each paper emphasized the intense relationship between owner and pet - without exception. All pet owners assessed in each of the 17 studies found their pet helped them deal with everyday life emotionally, especially in a crisis. These findings have informed healthcare, leading to a surge of therapies that involve animals. Pet therapy, also called animal assisted interventions or therapy, has been used for people with physical illness and those with mental health conditions. But pet therapy is also good for people without health problems as a way to increase activity and manage stress. A wide variety of animals have been used in pet therapy programs, most often dogs but also cats, kittens, birds and horses (known as equine-facilitated psychotherapy or hippotherapy). These therapies are overseen by trained and qualified therapists in healthcare settings such as hospitals, clinics and care homes. Pets reduce our stress Interacting, or even simply being in the presence of animals can have a calming effect. This is because we as humans are naturally drawn to other living things for our survival. By focusing on the other types of animals in our surroundings we would have been able to better understand our environment. We then used animals to help us, for instance domesticating dogs for hunting and training horses for transport. In the modern day, animals can open-up avenues for personal growth, offer the experience of unconditional love and the opportunity to care for another living creature. Studies have shown that tangible measures of stress such as heart rate and skin temperature can be affected by pet therapy. Also, subjective feelings of stress are often lessened following time spent with pets. Pets can help us to control pain Pain can be debilitating for many people, especially those who have had orthopedic problems. To see whether pet therapy could help these patients, researchers looked at seventy-two people who had hip and knee surgery either received standard physiotherapy or physiotherapy with pet therapy as part of their post-operative rehabilitation. In this study, the same dog was used for all the patients – he was a 5-year-old curly-coated retriever called Holden who was certified therapy dog. Patients in the pet therapy group were visited by Holden and his handler for 15 minutes in the days after surgery. Both those in the physiotherapy group and pet therapy group were discharged three days after their operations. The patients who interacted with Holden reported less pain and were more satisfied with their stay in hospital after their surgical procedures. This shows that even a brief time with pets can have a substantial impact on health and well-being. Pets help our mental health Spending time with animals and caring for them can make us feel good. But pet therapy can also help people with acute psychiatric conditions such as anxiety and eating disorders, psychosis and mood disorders. A study with 230 patients who were in hospital with mental health disorders found that just a single pet therapy session reduced anxiety. Only patients with mood disorders saw improvements in anxiety levels with standard care, whereas all groups of diagnoses benefited from the single session of pet therapy. In children and adolescents with mental health conditions, pet therapy improved young people's day-to-day functioning and also helped them get back into school. Pets help children in hospital Spending time in hospital as a child can be really tough, for both the children and their families. So it's important that some semblance of normality is included in hospital life, and this can be achieved with both play and pet therapy. Researchers have looked at children with chronic disorders such as cancer, cystic fibrosis, diabetes, and organ transplant. These children were visited within hospital once a week by dogs. Seeing the animals not only boosted the kids' mood at the time of the visit, but the boys and girls also experienced feel-good anticipation to see their 'pet pals'. This pet therapy helped the children to focus less on being ill, offering some relief from life in hospital. Pets help older people Isolation is a growing and serious problem for older people. As we live longer and rarely in inter-generational homes with other relatives, loneliness and depression has become a significant issue for older people and also for as a society as a whole. Pet therapy has been studied in residents of nursing homes and been found to improve mood, boost social interaction and reduce feelings of apathy in residents. The human-dog interaction in this research was also an effective way to prevent social isolation. An Italian study looked at people with Alzheimer's disease over a six-month period. Twenty patients received a structured pet therapy program that aimed to help attention, language and also spatial orientation – all of which are known to become progressively impaired in Alzheimer's disease. In this program, the patients were asked to play games with their therapy dog such as fetch and 'hide the ball'. These games use cognitive skills and require attention to the task. Also, the patients had to care for the dog which again takes cognitive ability. Compared with people who didn't receive the pet therapy, those who interacting with a dog were less depressed and had better cognitive function. Their improvements were even superior to people who had a specialist rehabilitative therapy. Spending time with animals may help people with terminal illness A small study looking at fifteen people with terminal illness found that animals helped patients in the final stages of life. Volunteers brought kittens, cats, puppies, and dogs to a specialist nursing care center. The patients in this center had stopped receiving medical treatment for cancer. After two visits, the patients said that they felt less anxious and their level of despair also decreased. The animals also seemed to help these patients move through the stages of death by allowing them to let go of past relationships. The patients who already showed more warmth, humour, creativity, openness to enjoyment, and empathy gained the most from having pets visit in the nursing centre. Therefore, for some people with a terminal illness, offering time with animals may be an important part of their end of life care. FINAL WORD There has been much bad press about pets recently – for instance the fear that we can catch flu from domestic dogs and dog attacks. These cases are rare and it's very unlikely that dog flu can be transmitted to humans. We can gain much in terms of health and well-being by spending time with our animal friends. But it must be kept in mind that pets are a big responsibility. So, think carefully before taking one into your home. There are ways to gain the benefits of having a pet without the long-term commitment such as BorrowMyDoggy which matches dog owners with 'borrowers' in their local area. For cat lovers, Borrow Pets asks people within local communities to care for pets while owners are away or at work. Other types of pets such as rodents and reptiles are posted on this site, but less often. The animal charity Blue Cross also has a pet fostering program. Pet foster carers look after animals until they can be rehomed. Sometimes these animals will be recovering from operations, may be too young to be permanently rehomed or find the pet center environment too difficult. Blue Cross train their foster carers and provide any equipment or medication that the pets need. The charity give advice to foster carers if there are any difficulties during the foster placement.
963389297247358976	2018-02-13 12:28:02	https://t.co/OStFR3djzT	South African President Jacob Zuma vows to stay for up to SIX MONTHS https://t.co/OStFR3djzT	 Jacob Zuma has vowed to stay as South African President for up to six months after being given 48 hours to resign by the country's ruling ANC party over corruption. The veteran leader had been given a two-day ultimatum by the African National Congress but immediately made it clear he was going nowhere, a source revealed. ANC officials have now revealed that Zuma has proposed to resign with a notice period of three to six months - a condition the party committee rejected. Secretary-general Ace Magashule admitted in a press conference today that no firm deadline had been set for a resignation. He said the decision to recall Zuma - party-speak for 'remove from office' - was taken after 'exhaustive discussions'. If Zuma refuses his party's instruction, the matter could go to parliament for a vote on a motion of no confidence. Magashule said 'it's obvious' that the party wants Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa to succeed Zuma. Zuma has faced increasing calls to end his scandal-plagued second term - due to run out in mid-2019 - ever since Ramaphosa was elected party leader in December. But there has been increasing speculation that the man dubbed the 'Teflon President' might yet refuse to step aside and may hold out for concessions in exchange for his resignation. The decision by the ANC national executive followed 13 hours of tense deliberations and one, short face-to-face exchange between Zuma and his presumed successor, deputy president Cyril Ramaphosa. Zuma, a polygamous Zulu traditionalist with no formal education, has been living on borrowed time since Ramaphosa, a union leader and lawyer once tipped as Mandela's pick to take over the reins, was elected as head of the 106-year-old ANC in December. Ramaphosa narrowly defeated Zuma's ex-wife and preferred successor, Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, in the leadership vote, forcing him to tread carefully in handling Zuma for fear of deepening rifts in the party a year ahead of an election. Despite the damning decision to order Zuma's 'recall' - ANC-speak for 'remove from office' - domestic media say the 75-year-old might yet defy the party's wishes, forcing it into the indignity of having to unseat him in parliament. He is one of South Africa's richest businessmen and has faced claims of being a 'silent deputy' during Jacob Zuma's scandal-hit administration. Cyril Ramaphosa has now replaced the veteran president after the 75-year-old finally resigned. A veteran of the struggle to end apartheid, the 65-year-old has promoted himself as a reformer - but is not free from controversy himself. Many South Africans remember that Mr Ramaphosa was a board member of the Lonmin mining group at the time of the Marikana killings in 2012, when police shot dead 34 striking mine workers. In 2017, he was accused of having affairs with several young women, which he denied. Elected to lead the ruling African National Congress (ANC) in December, Ramaphosa was also the party's candidate for president in the 2019 run off. He held off competition from Zuma's ex wife and former cabinet minister Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma in a bitter political campaign which threatened to tear the party apart. Ramaphosa's long and eventful career has taken him from trade union activist to multi-millionaire and now to within touching distance of the South African presidency. After South Africa dismantled apartheid, Ramaphosa saw his hopes for the country's top job dashed. True to his pragmatic character, he opted instead for life in business - a move that brought him spectacular wealth. But his election last year as head of the ruling African National Congress (ANC) brings him to the brink of realising his dream. It was after Ramaphosa failed to clinch the ANC nomination to succeed president Nelson Mandela in 1999 that he swapped politics for a foray into business that made him one of the wealthiest people in Africa. Mandela once described Ramaphosa as one of the most gifted leaders of the 'new generation' - the young campaigners who rose in the 1970s, filling the void left by their jailed elders. During his business career, Ramaphosa held stakes in McDonald's and Coca-Cola and made millions in deals that required investors to partner with non-white shareholders. He became one of the richest men on the continent - reaching number 42 on Forbes list of Africa's wealthiest people in 2015 with a net worth of $450 million (383 million euros). Out of politics for a decade, Ramaphosa returned to frontline politics in 2012 when he was elected to the ANC's number-two post. He became deputy president of the nation in 2014, but had to tread a careful line. He had to both serve Zuma - tarred by accusations of corruption and incompetence - and also deliver occasional, cautious criticism of his political master. His ambivalence has led to criticism. Mmusi Maimane, leader of the main opposition Democratic Alliance party, accused Ramaphosa of being 'at best a silent deputy president, and at worst a complicit one'. Born on November 17, 1952 in Soweto township west of Johannesburg - a centre of the anti-apartheid struggle - Ramaphosa became involved with student activism while studying law in the 1970s. He was arrested in 1974 and spent 11 months in solitary confinement. After studying, he turned to trade unionism - one of the few legal ways of protesting the white-minority regime. He founded the National Union of Mineworkers (NUM) in 1982 which grew to 300,000 members and led massive mine strikes in 1987 that shook the foundations of white rule. When Mandela was released in 1990 after 27 years in prison for opposing apartheid, Ramaphosa was a key part of the taskforce that led the transition to democracy. Ramaphosa won global prominence as the ANC's lead negotiator, with his contribution seen as one factor in the success of the talks and the resulting peaceful democratic handover. He then led the group that drew up the country's world-renowned new constitution. Ramaphosa - who is relaxed and low-key at public appearances - has managed to steer clear of major corruption scandals but his return to politics has not been free from controversy. His popularity was badly shaken in 2012 when 34 striking mine workers were killed by police at the Marikana platinum mine, operated by London-listed Lonmin, where he was then a non-executive director. Shortly before the massacre - the worst police killing since the end of apartheid - Ramaphosa had called for a crackdown on the strikers, whom he accused of 'dastardly criminal' behaviour. Ramaphosa has four children with his second wife Tshepo Motsepe, a doctor. In 2017, he was accused of having affairs with several young women, which he denied. Ramaphosa did admit to an extramarital affair but told local media that he had since disclosed the relationship to his wife. Some saw the sudden revelations as a smear campaign by associates of President Zuma determined to ensure that Dlamini-Zuma takes the ANC top job. The impact of the scandal was short-lived, and Ramaphosa based his campaign on his pledge to rebuild the country's economy, boost growth and create much-needed jobs. Shortly before midnight, the SABC state broadcaster said Zuma had been told in person by Ramaphosa that he had 48 hours to resign. A senior party source later told Reuters Zuma had made clear he was going nowhere. 'Cyril went to speak with him,' the source said, adding that the discussions were 'tense and difficult' when Ramaphosa returned to the ANC meeting in a hotel near Pretoria. 'We decided to recall Zuma,' the source said. Another party source said ANC Secretary-General and Zuma loyalist Ace Magashule had gone to see Zuma on Tuesday morning to tell him formally of the party's decision. The ANC is due to hold a media briefing in the afternoon to reveal its version of events. One domestic report said Zuma had asked for three months to resign, a request that was denied. Another report said Zuma simply told Ramaphosa: 'Do what you want to do'. Zuma's spokesman did not answer his mobile phone. His son, Edward, said he would not comment until after the ANC had made its formal pronouncement. On Friday, one of his wives, Tobeka Madiba-Zuma, posted comments on Instagram suggesting Zuma, who has challenged and defied multiple attempts by the ANC and courts to rein him in, was prepared to go down fighting. The post even suggested Zuma believed he was the victim of a Western conspiracy. 'He will finish what he started because he does not take orders beyond the Atlantic Ocean,' she said. South Africa's economy, the most sophisticated on the continent, has stagnated during Zuma's nine-year tenure, with banks and mining companies reluctant to invest because of policy uncertainty and rampant corruption. However, since mid-November when Ramaphosa emerged as a real ANC leadership prospect, economic confidence has started to pick up, while the rand - a telling barometer of Zuma's fortunes - has gained more than 15 percent against the dollar. The ANC's decisive overnight move against Zuma after nearly two weeks of deliberations mirrors the fate that he himself meted out to then-President Thabo Mbeki in 2008 after being elected to the helm of the party. The removal of Zuma, an anti-apartheid activist who spent 10 years alongside Mandela in the notorious Robben Island prison camp, also echoes generational changes in the anti-colonial liberation movements in charge of southern Africa. Pressure is mounting on South Africa's scandal-tarred president, Jacob Zuma, to leave office ahead of elections next year. Here are the ways by which he could leave office early: In August, Jose Eduardo dos Santos stepped down after 38 years as president of oil-rich Angola and three months later Zimbabwe's military unseated 93-year-old Robert Mugabe, the only leader the country had known since independence in 1980. Although Zuma retains a core of faithful inside the ANC and in the rural heartlands of his native KwaZulu-Natal province, there will be few tears shed in South Africa's urban centres, where many regard him with contempt. 'He's a goner,' the Sowetan, a tabloid popular with urban black South Africans, said in a front-page headline above a picture of Zuma sitting with his head held in his hand. Central to the public anger have been the persistent allegations - now the focus of a judicial commission - that Zuma let his friends the Guptas use their relationship with him to win state contracts and even influence cabinet appointments. Zuma and the three Gupta brothers, who were born in India but moved to South Africa in the early 1990s, have denied any wrongdoing. The Guptas' whereabouts is unknown, although plane-tracking websites showed their private jet flying last week from India to Dubai to Russia. In addition to the massive Gupta-related 'state capture' scandal, many South Africans were outraged by a state-funded $16 million security upgrade to Zuma's rural Nkandla home that included a cattle kraal and swimming pool. At the time, Zuma's police minister justified the pool as a 'fire-fighting resource'. If Zuma refuses to quit, the matter could go to parliament for a possible motion of no confidence or even impeachment proceedings that would likely highlight disarray in the ruling African National Congress party, which has led South Africa since the end of apartheid in 1994. An opposition-sponsored motion of no confidence has been scheduled for February 22. Ramaphosa would become acting president if Zuma leaves office, and likely would be elected president in a parliamentary vote that must happen no more than 30 days after Zuma's exit. South African PresidentJacob Zuma's battle to stay in office despite the ruling ANC party reportedly asking him to step down is the latest in a long history of career controversies. Here are five of his biggest scandals: Rape charges and HIV Before taking office, Zuma was put on trial in 2006 for rape, in a case that dismayed many South Africans. Zuma said the sex with the 31-year-old family friend was consensual and he was acquitted. But he told the court he had showered to avoid contracting HIV after having unprotected sex with his HIV-positive accuser - a common but dangerous myth. Zuma was head of the South African National AIDS Council at the time, and was pilloried for his ignorance. He is still mocked in newspaper cartoons, which often depict him with a shower nozzle sprouting from his bald head. Nearly a fifth of South Africans aged between 15 and 49 are HIV-positive. Nkandla costs Zuma was found by the country's graft watchdog in 2014 to have "benefited unduly" from so-called security upgrades to his rural Nkandla residence in KwaZulu-Natal province. It said he should refund some of the money. The work, paid for with taxpayers' money, cost $24 million (22 million euros) and included a swimming pool, which was described as a fire-fighting facility, a chicken run, a cattle enclosure, an amphitheatre and a visitors' centre. For two years, Zuma fought the order to repay part of the money. The scandal came to dominate his presidency - with opposition lawmakers chanting "Pay back the money!" every time he appeared in parliament. In March 2016 he was ordered by the Constitutional Court to pay back the cash and suffered a stinging rebuke from the justices who accused him of failing to respect and uphold the constitution. Guptagate As the Nkandla debacle built to a climax, its place in the headlines was overtaken by a new scandal, known as Guptagate. It involved the president's allegedly corrupt relationship with a wealthy family of Indian immigrants headed by three brothers - Ajay, Atul and Rajesh Gupta - who built a business empire in mining, media, technology and engineering. Smouldering rumours of the family's undue influence on the president burst into flames in 2016 when evidence emerged they allegedly offered key government jobs to those who might help their business interests. Ousted deputy finance minister Mcebisi Jonas revealed that the Guptas had offered him a promotion shortly before Zuma sacked respected finance minister Nhlanhla Nene in December 2015. The opposition Democratic Alliance (DA) laid corruption charges against the Guptas and Zuma's son Duduzane. Arms deal In October 2017, after a marathon legal campaign by the DA party, the Supreme Court of Appeal ruled that Zuma was liable for prosecution over almost 800 counts of corruption relating to a 1990s arms deal. The accusations relate to a multi-billion-dollar arms deal signed in 1999, when Zuma was deputy president. He allegedly accepted bribes from international arms manufacturers to influence the choice of weaponry. Zuma's advisor, Schabir Shaik, was jailed for 15 years in 2005. He was released on medical parole in 2009, the year Zuma became president. After he leaves office, Zuma faces the risk of jail over 18 criminal charges over the 783 payments he received. Omar al-Bashir In March 2016 the South African Supreme Court of Appeal upheld a judgement that the failure by Zuma's government to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir was illegal. Despite an arrest warrant from the International Criminal Court on charges of war crimes in the conflict in Darfur, Bashir was allowed to attend a meeting of the African Union in Johannesburg in 2015. The government said the fact that he was attending the summit as a head of state meant he had immunity, but the court disagreed. Zuma escaped an impeachment attempt over the issue in parliament in September 2016, when ANC lawmakers voted overwhelmingly against it. The period from then until national elections in 2019 would not count as a term; South African presidents can hold office for a maximum of two terms. The impasse highlighted the disarray within the party that was previously the main movement against white minority rule and has led South Africa since the end of apartheid in 1994. The ANC once commanded moral stature as the party of Nelson Mandela, but corruption scandals linked to Mr Zuma have cut into its popularity ahead of national elections in 2019. The ANC on Tuesday planned to announce the results of the 13-hour meeting of its national executive committee, which has about 100 members. Mr Zuma has survived similar motions against him in the past, but many ruling party members now see him as a political liability and would likely vote against him. Mr Zuma, who took office in 2009 and is in his second five-year term, has asked for state security for his family, payment of legal fees and a few more months in office in exchange for quitting, said South African media, citing unidentified ANC sources. Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa, Mr Zuma's expected successor, has held private talks with the president on a power transition, angering opposition parties who described the process as an affront to South African democracy. Last week, Mr Ramaphosa promised a 'speedy resolution' to the discussions, but the protracted stand-off has raised questions about the political clout of the man poised to lead the country. 
963384269681971200	2018-02-13 12:08:03	https://t.co/zAVFMh8tGp	Couples with a good sex life are MORE likely to cheat because they want more of it https://t.co/zAVFMh8tGp	 Having great sex in a relationship has traditionally been considered a factor that would stop either partner becoming unfaithful. But new research has found that having a good sex life may make one's partner more - not less - likely to stray, a study suggests. Researchers suggest that people who really enjoy sex are more likely to be unfaithful because they seek out sex with more partners. As well as finding out that good sex could be a risk factor, the researchers at Florida State University found men with a more-attractive wife were less likely to cheat than women with a more-attractive husband. The authors say this sex difference is 'consistent with evidence that partner attractiveness to men than it is to women'. They also found attractive women were slightly more likely to remain faithful than less attractive women. But in men, being more attractive was more likely to lead to straying. The findings came from wide-ranging research into whether you can predict whether someone is likely to cheat in a relationship. And they found that people whose gaze lingers on attractive 'alternative' mates were the ones who would be more likely to cheat – and their marriages more likely to fail. In the study published in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, researchers followed 233 newly married couples for up to three and a half years. They recorded documented intimate details about their relationships, including marital satisfaction, long-term commitment, whether they had engaged in infidelity and if they were still together. The researchers wanted to see if they could find factors that might show someone was more likely than not to 'play away' from home. They showed participants in the study photographs of highly attractive men and women, as well as pictures of average-looking men and women and measured how long they looked a thtem. They found that participants who quickly stopped looking at an attractive person were less likely to have affairs during the course of the study. The difference in the length of time of the gaze between 'cheaters' and 'faithful' people was just fractions of a second. A person who looked at an attractive person for just a few hundred milliseconds longer was 50 per cent more likely to cheat than someone who stopped looking at the attractive picture. As well as avoiding looking longingly at others, researchers found that faithful people also 'downgraded' how attractive they viewed others. The authors say that faithful people – when asked to evaluate how good looking other people were – gave lower scores than people who went on to cheat. You could say that for faithful people, the grass is not greener. The researchers say that these 'automatic' reactions –disengaging attention, and downgrading attractiveness could be taught by professionals, such as marriage guidance counsellors or psychologists. At a time when potential romantic partners on social media that could tempt someone to stray is high, the authors say their research is more relevant than ever. The authors write: 'With the advent of social media, and thus the increased availability of and access to alternative partners, understanding how people avoid the temptation posed by alternative partners may be more relevant than ever to understanding relationships.' Younger people were also more likely to cheat. And in what is perhaps the least surprising finding, so were people who were less satisfied with their relationships. Men who had previously had lots of short-term sexual partners were also more likely to have an affair, although the opposite was true of women.
963383696945569792	2018-02-13 12:05:46	https://t.co/6CMWfWZXLF	Hilarious moment man flies to the local bakery in a propeller-powered BATHTUB https://t.co/6CMWfWZXLF	 This is the hilarious moment one man stunned villagers as he decided to fly to the local bakery in a bathtub. Creative brothers The Real Life Guys showed off their latest invention, taking the propeller-powered bathtub from a driveway, across fields and into the car park outside a sandwich shop. Pilot Philipp Mickenbecker picked up a sandwich at the bakery while onlookers took pictures of the odd creation. The moment was captured in Herzberg, north Germany, late in December 2017, after brothers Philipp and Johannes had unveiled the flying bathtub in a local gym. Philipp is shown being strapped into the unusual invention, before the propeller starts whirring and the tub lifts off from outside a house. As the improvised plane gains ground we see the bathtub rising over the German countryside as well as Philipp's point of view in the miniature aircraft. At one point the bathtub comes close enough to the ground that it is splashed by standing water in a field, but then rises again. With the shop in sight customers are seen filming the unusual moment on their phones, before the drone descends and lands neatly in the car park of Kopps bakery. Philipp climbs out and goes into the shop, where the woman behind the counter asks if everything had gone well but otherwise acts as if a man dropping in from a bathtub was perfectly normal. After buying a roll to take away he leaves the shop still wearing the helmet and climbs back in with his remote control and sandwich bag. As long as they flew no higher than 98 feet (30m), German laws allowed them to make such a vision a reality, the brothers said. The invention is capable of remaining airborne for six minutes, meaning that although Philipp was able to make it to the sandwich shop, a little work still needs to be done to give the tub enough power to make it home again. Johannes said: 'Before the drone took off, people didn't believe it could actually fly. When it took off, they couldn't believe their eyes. 'When flying outside we really had the feeling to of flying, and we could, of course, fly much higher. 'The response to our video was very good - most of our subscribers did not believe that we would succeed. Most of them thought that we would break our bones. 'This is the world's first manned flying bathtub, so it is pretty amazing. A lot of our subscribers even told us to start a company selling those bathtub drones.' 
963379502398300160	2018-02-13 11:49:06	https://t.co/z93StZdnAV	Heartwarming footage shows Saudi women enjoying a football match after being allowed into stadiums for first time https://t.co/z93StZdnAV	 Heartwarming footage shows Saudi women enjoying a football match after being allowed into stadiums for the first time. Saudi Arabia has started easing restrictions on women and one of the perks granted to them was access to football stadiums in January. Last week, female fans poured into a stadium in the city of Riyadh and sat in family seating sections, marking a historic moment for the country. 'It means that I am human,' secondary school teacher Nora told Sky News at the Riyadh derby game. 'No other one prevents me from doing what I want. No other one decides what I want. I am the one who decides,' Nora said surrounded by women waving flags and cheering at the section of the stadium reserved for families. The kingdom has also announced that starting in June women will be allowed to drive, lifting the world's only ban on female drivers. World-famous Saudi protester Madeha al Ajroush has campaigned for years for women to have the right to drive. She has been jailed in the past for driving her car in protest and defying the kingdom's ban on female drivers. Al Ajroush said she would be 'ecstatic' when a ban on women driving is lifted, but it will be tainted with sadness. 'At 18 women usually automatically get behind the wheel and drive and do their errands,' Al Ajroush said. 'I had to wait until I was 63 and that saddens me. It took a lot from my life.' Despite decades of ultraconservative dogma, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has sought to bring through a number of major social reforms with support from his father, King Salman. In addition to lifting a ban on women driving next year, the crown prince is behind measures such as bringing back concerts and other forms of entertainment to satiate the desires of the country's majority young population. The 32-year-old heir to the throne's social push is part of his so-called Vision 2030, a blueprint for the country that aims to boost local spending and create jobs amid sustained lower oil prices. Ahmed A Khatib, Head of Saudi Arabia's General Entertainment Authority said the kingdom in 1970s and 1980s used to have 'more fun than 5, 6, 7 years ago.' He said Saudi Arabia has 'a vision.' 
963379129381945347	2018-02-13 11:47:37	https://t.co/YjK1x50h6C	Pilot of Russian passenger plane which crashed out the sky warned 'we have problems' BEFORE taking off https://t.co/YjK1x50h6C	 The pilots of a Russian passenger jet that crashed killing all 71 on board failed to turn on heating for key equipment resulting in flawed speed data, it has emerged. The AN-148 aircraft nosedived and exploded on the ground just minutes after leaving from Moscow's Domodedovo airport to Orsk on Sunday. Investigators say the disaster could have been caused by instruments showing incorrect speed after sensors had iced over due to a heating unit not being activated by pilots. It comes as it emerged that flight deck crew, Captain Valery Gubanov, 51, and co-pilot Sergey Gambaryan, 44, reported having technical problems before taxiing onto the runway. By this morning, some 1,489 fragments of bodies and 498 aircraft wreckage pieces were found in macabre searches by investigators, said an official from the Russian Emergencies Ministry. Scroll down for video The Interstate Aviation Committee said after studying the plane's flight data recorder that Sunday's crash occurred after the pilots saw varying data on the two air speed indicators. The flawed indication came because the pilots failed to turn on the heating unit for pressure measurement equipment before take-off. Pilots put the An-148 on autopilot after taking off from Domodedovo Airport but took manual controls back when they saw clashing speed data. The plane plummeted into a snowy field six minutes later. The pilots performed a series of manoeuvres and eventually took the plane into a dive at 30-35 degrees before the crash. The committee said it is continuing to study the data, but noted that 'erroneous data on the pilots' speed indicators may have been a factor that triggered the special flight situation'. It emphasised that the flawed speed data resulted from the 'icing of pressure measurement instruments that had their heating systems turned off'. Earlier reports indicated that the plane's captain had chosen not to have the plane undergo a de-icing treatment before take-off. The pilots of the stricken AN-148 plane which crashed killing all 71 on board reported technical problems moments before takeoff. Here are some of the key exchanges: Crew: 'To the right 1200, pressure 998.' Control Tower: '703, the Domodedovo-circle. Good afternoon. Take the flight level 60' Crew: 'We choose the flight level 60, the parameter of systems 03.' Crew: 'In a couple of minutes. We contact the technical team, we have problems. Literally in a minute we'll tell you, whether we taxi to the stand, or we taxi out.' Control Tower: '551, Domodedovo-circle, hello. Left positions are given, the course 'Delta Kilo for the interval, initially take 800 metres, ahead in passing and above.' Crew: 'To the left on Delta-Kilo we take 800 metres.' Control Tower: 'To the right on Delta-Kilo, take 800. Did you understand correctly ... 551?' Crew: 'With the right turn to the Delta-Kilo, take 800 metres. We are taking the flight level 130, 134, .... Thank you, bye.' The crew decides whether to have the plane sprayed by de-icing liquid, depending on weather conditions and the state of the plane. Meanwhile, a leak purporting to show exchanges with air traffic control appears to show that the crew called the Saratov Airlines technical team over an unspecified issue at the last minute. The glitch was serious enough for the captain to contemplate refusing his takeoff slot, although in the end he did not do so. One of the pilots warned as he was being given takeoff instructions from the control tower: 'In a couple of minutes. We contact the technical team, we have problems. 'Literally in a minute we'll tell you, whether we taxi to the stand, or we taxi out.' The wording implies the plane had already pushed back from the stand when this exchange took place. Air traffic control did not appear to acknowledge their warning, and later exchanges - all in Russian - show the pilots proceeding to takeoff as if they had resolved their concerns. The final words from the flight deck were: 'Thank you, bye.' The exchanges appear at odds with earlier assurances from the airline that there was nothing amiss in the plane's preparations for takeoff. The Investigative Committee, in charge of the a criminal probe into the crash, also denied that the pilots had reported problems to the control tower. Independent technical expert Yuri Antipov was quoted by Komsomolskaya Pravda newspaper as saying: 'This is the pilot who is talking about technical problems. 'The same person then reports that they will decide whether to taxi or not. 'So, there were technical problems in the plane right before take-off.' He added: 'It was before taxiing onto the runway, when the crew checks - according to the established regulations - the operability of all systems. 'By the way, it is known that one of the passengers sent a text message to a relative: 'We are standing for a long time, we do not take off'. 'This also indicates that problems were found on the ground. 'But after some time the pilots thought that they had solved this problem, that's why they went to takeoff.' - Feb. 11, 2017: An Antonov-148 regional jet operated by Saratov Airlines crashes shortly after take-off from Moscow's Domodedovo Airport with 71 passengers and crew aboard. No survivors are reported. - Dec. 25, 2016: A Tupolev-154 operated by the Russian Defense Ministry en route to Syria crashes into the Black Sea minutes after takeoff from Sochi. All 92 people on board are believed dead and the cause of the crash isn't immediately known. - Oct. 31, 2015: An onboard bomb destroys a Metrojet airliner soon after its takeoff from Egypt's Sharm al-Sheikh resort. All 224 people on board die. - Nov. 17, 2013: All 50 people aboard a Tatarstan Airlines Boeing 737 are killed when the crew sends the plane into a steep dive while trying to land in Kazan. - May 10, 2012: A Sukhoi Superjet on a demonstration flight for potential buyers smashes into a volcano in Indonesia while carrying 45 people. There are no survivors. - April 2, 2012: A UTAir ATR-72 crashes shortly after takeoff from Tyumen; 33 are killed, 10 survive. Poor de-icing of the plane is blamed. - Sept. 7, 2011: A Yakovev-42 carrying the Yaroslavl Lokomotiv hockey team crashes soon after takeoff from Yaroslavl, killing all 44 aboard. - June 20, 2011: Forty-seven people die when a Tu-134 crashes on a highway in heavy fog while trying to land in Petrozavodsk. - Sept. 14, 2008: 88 people are killed when a Boeing 737 flying from Moscow crashes as it prepares to land in Perm. - Aug. 22, 2006: A Tu-154 of Russia's Pulkovo Airlines crashes in Ukraine. All 170 people on board are killed. - July 9, 2006: An A310 belonging to Russian company S7 skids off the runway after landing in Irkutsk and bursts into flames. All 125 aboard killed. - April 24, 2004: 90 people are killed when female suicide bombers blow up two Russian airliners after takeoff from Domodedovo. Chechen rebels claim responsibility. 
963377087410302977	2018-02-13 11:39:30	https://t.co/mKBp77NMMM	Medical marijuana eases pain in MORE THAN 90% of elderly patients https://t.co/mKBp77NMMM	 Medical marijuana eases pain in more than 90 per cent of elderly patients, new research suggests. Among those over 65 suffering from discomfort, 93.7 per cent report an improvement after taking cannabis for six months, an Israeli study found. Out of a pain scale of 10, taking the class-C drug for half a year reduces older people's scores from an average of eight to four, the research adds. Cannabis also causes 18.1 per cent of opioid users to stop taking the painkiller or reduce their dose, the study found. Washington, Oregon, California, Alaska and Colorado have legalised marijuana for medical or recreational use. Opioids, which often lead to addicts experimenting with illegal substances such as heroin, have caused more deaths by accidental overdose than any other drug in US history, leading to a national public health emergency being declared in October last year. Earlier this month, experts in the UK announced patients prescribed powerful painkillers, such as opioids, should be monitored by hospital units rather than GPs to curb the addiction crisis. Going from being an occasional marijuana user to indulging every day increases the risk of psychosis by up to 159 percent, research revealed in July 2017. Marijuana is thought to cause psychosis-like experiences by increasing a user's risk of depression, a study found. The two mental health conditions have previously been linked. Frequently abusing the substance also significantly reduces a user's ability to resist socially unacceptable behavior when provoked, the research adds. Study author Josiane Bourque from the University of Montreal, said: 'Our findings confirm that becoming a more regular marijuana user during adolescence is, indeed, associated with a risk of psychotic symptoms. '[Psychosis symptoms] may be infrequent and thus not problematic for the adolescent, when these experiences are reported continuously, year after year, then there's an increased risk of a first psychotic episode or another psychiatric condition.' The researchers, from the University of Montreal, analyzed around 4,000 13-year-olds from 31 high schools in the surrounding area. Every year for four years, the study's participants completed questionnaires about any substance abuse and psychotic experiences. Psychotic symptoms included perceptual aberration - for example feeling that something external is part of their body - and thinking they have been unjustly badly treated. The participants also completed cognitive tasks that allowed the researchers to assess their IQ, memory and stimuli response. 'Cannabis is safe and efficacious in the elderly population' The researchers wrote: 'The therapeutic use of cannabis is safe and efficacious in the elderly population. 'Cannabis use may decrease the use of other prescription medicines, including opioids'. In terms of side effects, the results further reveal some 9.7 per cent of elderly people taking cannabis experience dizziness, while 7.1 per cent complain of dry mouth. The findings were published in the European Journal of Internal Medicine. How the research was carried out The researchers, from Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, analysed 2,736 people aged over 65 who received medical cannabis between January 2015 and October 2017 in specialised marijuana clinics. The study's participants completed a questionnaire about their pain intensity and quality of life after six months of marijuana use. Some 66.6 per cent of the participants were taking marijuana for pain, while 60.8 per cent took the class-C drug for cancer. Alcohol damages the brain more than cannabis This comes after research released earlier this month suggests alcohol damages the brain more than cannabis. Unlike booze, marijuana does not affect the size or integrity of white or grey matter in the brain, even after years of exposure, a study found. Grey matter enables the brain to function, while white controls communication between nerve clusters. Study author Professor Kent Hutchison from the University of Colorado Boulder, said: 'While marijuana may also have some negative consequences, it definitely is nowhere near the negative consequences of alcohol.' The scientists add, however, research into cannabis' mental effects are still very limited. Lead author Rachel Thayer said: 'Particularly with marijuana use, there is still so much that we don't know about how it impacts the brain.' Patients given powerful painkillers should be managed by hospitals In the UK, experts have called for strict rules that mean anyone given analgesics higher than a certain dose would be referred to specialist pain units. The team, led by academics at University College London, said this would help ensure patients are not left on the drugs for months without review. This comes off the back of a study published in the British Journal of General Practice. Lead author Dr Luke Mordecai said anyone given a drug with an equivalent strength of 120mg of morphine a day should be referred. He added: 'They need to be monitored in specialist care as happens with other conditions. 'If you had bad asthma, for example, you would not be looked after by your GP – you would be sent to a hospital team. 'If you are being given high doses of powerful pain relief, you should be referred to hospital.'
963375157908836352	2018-02-13 11:31:50	https://t.co/UhM0mgWcuZ	When is Steak and Blowjob Day 2018 and what is it? https://t.co/UhM0mgWcuZ	 After being dubbed the unofficial ‘Valentine’s Day for men’, Steak and Blowjob Day will make its triumphant return in 2018. Steak and BJ Day or Steak and Knobber Day is supposedly an ‘annual treat for men’ and was created in the United States to be celebrated exactly a month after February 14th. This satirical holiday has now become an internet meme with merchandise, Steak and Blowjob Day cards and videos having been created in observance of the day. However, many have described this event as anti-feminist and sexist despite gaining attention from celebrities like Christina Aguilera and Peter Andre who have encouraged people to mark the holiday. There is much speculation about how Steak and Blowjob Day was created but many of the ‘official’ websites claim that radio DJ Tom Birdsey came up with the idea during a WFNX show in Boston, Massachusetts. The official Steak and Blowjob Day website highlights how ‘men work hard to satisfy their lovers on Valentine’s Day, and, given their ebullient dedication, Steak and BJ Day 2018 is an opportunity to repay the favour'. Steak and BJ Day has also been a way of raising money for the charity Coppafeel, that raises breast awareness and aims to fight cancer. Donate here. Steak and Blowjob Day occurs every year on March 14, one month after Valentine’s Day on February 14th. ‘February 14th has become so capitalist - March 14th is good ol’ fashioned TLC,’ an ‘official’ Steak and Blowjob Day website says. Chicken and Licking Day is the female version of Steak and Blowjob Day created in response to the anti-Valentine’s Day holiday. Some believe it is the day after on March 15 while others celebrate it a week later on March 21.
963374848977391616	2018-02-13 11:30:37	https://t.co/rtY9HGuINx	Woman climbs into an X-ray machine during train station security checks as she fears her handbag might be stolen https://t.co/rtY9HGuINx	 Have you ever worried your belongings might be stolen when you go through security checks? This passenger in China certainly did. A woman insisted that she climb into an X-ray machine with her handbag at a train station because she feared it might be stolen otherwise. Security staff were shocked to see the silhouette of a woman as they monitored the X-ray screens. The bizarre incident occurred on February 11 at a train station in Dongguan, southern China's Guangdong Province, according to Pear Video. Extraordinary images show the female passenger, still wearing her high-heeled shoes, kneeling down on the conveyor belt behind her belongings as they went through the check. Pear Video's footage also shows the woman climbing down from the X-ray machine afterwards. She then checked her handbag and a suitcase before leaving the checkpoint. The incident happened as millions of Chinese people pack their bags to go home for the upcoming Lunar New Year, which falls on February 16. The Lunar New Year travel rush, dubbed the largest annual human migration, began on February 1 across China. Around the nation, some 390 million people are expected to travel by train in a 40-day period. A total of 2.98 billion trips would be made by the 1.4 billion Chinese citizens by train, bus and air during the epic holiday season, according to China Central Television Station. 
963366830189568000	2018-02-13 10:58:45	https://t.co/qL9QuUbASw	Body art fans reveal the real meanings behind their tattoo designs https://t.co/qL9QuUbASw	 Tattoo fans from across the globe have been sharing the stories behind their inkings online. In the gallery, compiled by BoredPanda, people have revealed the touching, hilarious and occasionally moving stories behind their permanent additions. Many revealed tatts that are tributes to someone they've lost, like the Pink Floyd logo etched in honour of the owner's late, music-loving father, or the two building blocks that represent brothers separated by death. Others explained how their inkings are reminders of the struggles they have overcome in their lives, showing off motivational quotes they use as touchstones. But some body art fans have taken a more lighthearted approach, opting to pay tribute to a celebrity idol in tattoo form. 
963359951988183040	2018-02-13 10:31:25	https://t.co/itgjmZSV0t	The Winter Olympics HOTTEST couples https://t.co/itgjmZSV0t	 The Winter Olympics may well be a chilly affair - but there is plenty of in-competition romance warming up the atmosphere. The ice skating arena in Pyeongchang is hosting no less than nine real-life couples competing for his-and-hers gold medals. While much has been made of the highly charged sexual energy in the Olympic Village - some 10,000 condoms have been made available to athletes looking to let off steam - it seems it's also awash with heart-warming love stories. Scroll down for video And the USA squad leads the way, with romantic unions seemingly everywhere you turn in the American team. From lusty Italians making eyes on the ice to the gold-winning Canadian snowboarder dating a rival country's top athlete, here's who's dating who at the Winter Olympics. EVAN BATES AND MADISON CHOCK, ICE SKATING, USA Madison Chock was just 16 when Evan Bates, then 19, whisked her out on a romantic date to celebrate her birthday. The pair haven't quite been inseparable ever since with both dating other skaters before they were reunited in 2011. This will be the first Winter Olympics that the couple perform together in and their Instagram is currently flooded with happy snaps of the couple in Pyeongchang's snowy confines. Says Bates of the overlapping between work and their personal lives: 'We were always having a blast and we were laughing all the time and just enjoying our time together. I think that friendship and that base was what sort of led to the romance.' ONDREJ HOTAREK AND ANNA CAPPELLINI, FIGURE SKATING, ITALY When they hit the ice rink in Pyeongchang, Ondrej Hotarek and Anna Cappellini won't have eyes for each other...for this clearly besotted couple dance with different partners. Italian-Czech Ondrej and Italian Anna, both competing for Team Italy, have made the decision to keep work and play firmly separate. Their social media pages tell a different story however, with regular proclamations of love - and snaps of their beautiful wedding in 2015 - filling their accounts. JAMIE ANDERSON, USA, AND TYLER NICHOLSON, CANADA, SNOWBOARDING Sponsorship deals surely await this highly photogenic North American love match. Team America snowboarder Jamie Anderson, 22, and Canadian board star Tyler Nicholson, 27, are a vision of blue eyes and flowing blond locks. Anderson, who scooped a second Olympic gold medal yesterday in Slopestyle, says of her man: 'He is very supportive and he is a big part of my life. We push and train with each other. Makes it that much more fun.' The pair first set eyes on each other in Canadian skiing mecca Whistler - and were friends before cupid worked his magic. She recently penned a love note on Instagram that read: 'I feel more in love everyday and am so grateful for our relationship! Life is short, enjoy every moment.' PENNY COOMES AND NICK BUCKLAND, ICE SKATING, TEAM GB Both 28, this British-based couple will be competing together for the third time at a Winter Olympics. A devastating injury to Penny's foot almost saw the couple's career disintegrate, but under the guidance of Dancing on Ice star - and British ice skating goliath - Christopher Dean, they've rebuilt their routine. Their romance really was born out of a frozen place, they met on the ice in 2005 and eventually fell in love - and now regularly document their relationship in cute Instagram photos. CHRIS AND ALEXA KNIERIM, FREE PAIRS SKATING, USA The first American married couple at the Olympics for 20 years, the Knierims' love affair almost didn't happen after Alexa, 26, snubbed Chris' initial offer to dance with him. Fortunately, she changed her mind after seeing the 30-year-old skate and the pair fell in love, and were married two years ago - by their joint coach Dalilah Sappenfield. After a difficult couple of years, in which Alexa was diagnosed with a serious health condition just two months after their wedding, the couple are delighted just to be back dancing together. The devout Christians say their faith has also kept their love - and careers - on track. One record definitely smashed in South Korea this month is for the largest number of free condoms handed out at a Winter Games, organisers say. A total of 110,000 contraceptive sheaths have been distributed - 10,000 more than at Vancouver in 2010 or Sochi in 2014. With nearly 3,000 athletes taking part, the number of condoms distributed equates to an average of 37.6 per sportsman and sportswoman - they will be made available to all participants. Rubber manufacturer Convenience Co has donated 100,000 of the condoms, saying it did so for 'a successful hosting of the Winter Olympics and the prevention of the spread of the HIV virus'. But spokesman Chung Geun-Sik said many of them would be taken home unopened as souvenirs. 'We don't expect the athletes to use them all,' he added. 
963347282077929472	2018-02-13 09:41:04	https://t.co/imSTgevrxW	Tiny male python and the massive 20ft female he was mating with are killed and cooked up by hungry villagers https://t.co/imSTgevrxW	 A massive 20 foot female python and the tiny male it was mating with were killed by hungry villagers who chopped up the creatures and cooked them in a stir fry. Locals on the Malaysian island of Borneo found the pair inside a fallen tree while they were on a hunting trip last Saturday. As they passed, the group heard strange noises coming from inside the dried out hollow log. Using a chainsaw they cut through the bark and were thrilled to see the romping reptiles - which are considered a delicacy in the remote Sarawak region Several men dragged the beasts out before they were shot and hauled on to a truck. Later they were served up to hungry townsfolk. Prepared according to local custom, python is grilled over a fire or fried in a pan with vegetables then eaten with rice. Delighted Tinsung Ujang, 60, who found the pair, said villagers in the town of Bintulu near the Kelawit River would feast on the meat for days. He said: 'I looked down into the hole in the wood and was surprised to see the female mating with a smaller male snake. 'We had to split the timber to reach them and it was difficult to remove the snakes because of their size and the position. They were locked together. 'I was even more surprised because I have never seen snakes mating before and never seen a giant python that was more than five metres long like this. The male python was quite small. 'It was an amazing occurrence and I proceeded to shoot the two reptiles because for our community it is an exotic dish that is also our favourite dish.' Tinsung said when he returned to town with the pythons on the back of a pick-up truck he was greeted with cheers. 'The snake meat was then divided and its share was distributed equally to villagers and nearby farm workers.' Reticulated pythons, a species found in Southeast Asia, are the worlds longest and largest snakes. They are excellent swimmers and, like all pythons, are non venomous constrictors. 
963343492989714433	2018-02-13 09:26:01	https://t.co/6ZYgri3bwB	Heart-stopping moment girl, 8, fell 15ft from the top of a five-person human pyramid and SURVIVES https://t.co/6ZYgri3bwB	 This is the heart-stopping moment an eight-year-old girl fell 15ft from the top of a five person human pyramid before escaping unhurt. While taking part in Barcelona's annual celebrations for their co-patron saint, Eulalia, the performer was lifted towards a balcony while holding on to a black scarf. Her grip on the scarf loosened as she was hoisted up and she dramatically fell towards the ground as a scream went up from the crowd. A traditional element of the winter festival involves the troupe Castellers de Barcelona, who form 'castells', or human towers, which can be as high as eight people or more. Wearing white trousers and a black sash, members of a castell typically end their performance by climbing up to the front of the town hall. Participants on top of the pyramid (called 'enxanetas') are lifted on to the building's balcony. Although the girl fell a distance of around 15ft, the organisers were quick to point out that the young enxaneta was unhurt after the fall. Local news website Emporda reported that the girl only needed ice for a slight bruise as the other members of the human pyramid cushioned the girl's fall. The clip was widely shared on social media after local politician Alberto Fernandez uploaded the video to Twitter and wrote: 'We were all scared for a moment, but the girl is fine. 'The eight-year-old enxaneta was being hoisted on to the town hall's balcony during the festival and while she was climbing she fell. This video that I recorded shows the frightening moment.' 
963337110064386048	2018-02-13 09:00:39	https://t.co/h7nmcCTLG6	'Screaming Mummy' may have been a disgraced royal who was HANGED after plotting to kill his pharaoh father https://t.co/h7nmcCTLG6	 The true identity behind a haunting expression of agony, eternalized in death, has baffled archaeologists for more than a century since a set of unusual remains were first unearthed at the Deir El-Bahari mortuary temples in Egypt. Experts say the so-called ‘Screaming Mummy’ was preserved in a manner never seen before – his limbs were bound in leather, and the body wrapped in sheepskin, indicating it was considered to be ‘unclean.’ And, the mouth was left agape, as if he’d been poisoned. After years of speculation, recent research suggests the remains belong to the disgraced son of King Ramses III, who plotted to kill his father and was sentenced to death by hanging. The body was buried near royals at the famous tomb site on the west bank of the Nile, according to the Egyptian Ministry of Antiquities. But, while others were wrapped in white linen and carefully mummified, the Screaming Mummy was simply left to dry out in natron salt, with some even poured into his open mouth, and covered with sheepskin. The body, also known as ‘Unknown Man E,’ is now on display at the Egyptian Museum in Cairo for the first time. It was first discovered in 1886, and experts long suspected the mystery man with the anguished face had been poisoned. But, subsequent analyses in recent years indicate this may not have been the case. According to the Egyptian Antiquities Ministry, markings around the mummy’s neck show the person was likely hanged. This lines up with the ancient texts on the Harem Conspiracy, detailing the plot by Prince Pentawere and queen Tiye – the pharaoh’s son and second wife – to kill Ramses III. DNA extracted from the bones of both the unidentified mummy and Ramses III, indicate the Screaming Mummy is Ramses III’s son, according to Ahram Online. ‘The gruesome mummy of Unknown Man E, also known as the “Screaming Mummy,” has long puzzled scholars,’ Egyptologist Zahi Hawass, the former Minister of Antiquities who led the Egyptian Mummies Project, told Al-Ahram Weekly. ‘Such unusual mummification has perplexed Egyptologists and no one has succeeded in knowing the story behind such a mummy until the launch of the Egyptian Mummy Project several years ago under my direction to create a complete database of forensic information related to the mummy collection at the Egyptian Museum.’ The death of Ramses III was a gruesome one, and many mysteries still surround the details of his murder. CT scans showed that his throat was slit and his big toe cut off, likely in an attack by multiple assailants. While the papyrus suggests the conspirators were arrested, the events of the trial were not accounted for – and, it remained unsaid whether Ramses III was actually killed as a result of the plan or not, according to the Antiquities Ministry. The New Kingdom Pharaoh Ramesses III, also spelled Ramses, held reign over Egypt from 1186 to 1155 B.C. Ancient documents reveal that one of his wives, Tiye, meant to have him assassinated in order to get her son Pentawere onto the throne. Pentawere was second to his half-brother Amun-her-khepeshef, but in a plot that involved servants, administrators, and other members of the royal household, Tiye plotted to kill Ramesses III and overthrow his successor to name Pentawere pharaoh. The pharaoh was killed, and the conspirators were brought to trial for his murder. All – including Tiye and Pentawere – were executed. When appointed pharaoh, Amun-her-khepeshef became Ramesses IV. Recent research on the royal mummy reveals the pharaoh was assassinated by multiple assailants at once, coming at him from all sides with different weapons. In addition to having his throat slit, advanced imaging techniques have revealed the pharaoh’s big toe was cut off. And the injury may have been deliberately kept secret by Egyptian embalmers. A new book by Egyptologist Zahi Hawass and Cairo University radiologist Sahar Saleem called ‘Scanning the Pharaohs: CT Imaging of the New Kingdom Royal Mummies’ describes the recent findings. Using computed tomography (CT) scanning, the team was able to find new evidence linked to an ancient plot to kill Ramesses III, according to Live Science. Ramesees III’s big toe was likely chopped off with an axe, Sahar Saleem told Live Science, which can be determined based on the shape of his fractured toe bones. The text only contains a cryptic phrase that translates to ‘the royal boat has turned upside down.’ Whether the body truly belongs to Prince Pentawere or not, the experts say its burial was one of unusual circumstances. ‘Two forces were acting upon this mummy: one to get rid of him and the other to try to preserve him,’ Bob Brier, an archaeologist at the University of Long Island in New York told National Geographic following an examination on the body in 2008. The body is on display alongside a gilded mask and a beaded shroud recently returned to the museum by the United States. 
963330340390690817	2018-02-13 08:33:45	https://t.co/31PArEjIOx	Glamorous Russian curler who set pulses racing on Twitter takes a tumble during crucial final https://t.co/31PArEjIOx	 A glamorous Russian curler who has caught the eye of Winter Olympics fans took a tumble on the ice as she competed in Curling Mixed Doubles Bronze Medal. Curling may not be the most popular sport but in the past few days it's gained a whole new fan base thanks to Anastasia Bryzgalova, 25, who has impressed viewers with her passionate displays on the ice, piercing eyes and model looks. And she put on a suitably animated display as she shouted instructions in the crucial fixture against Norway last night with her curling partner and husband Alexander Krushelnitskiy in Pyeongchang. But at one point she accidentally backed into the curling stone and tripped over it. However she soon bounced back to secure the bronze and the couple are now the first duo to win a medal in mixed doubles curling in Olympic history. 'It's very important that we are family,' she told ESPN through a translator. 'That was very important to survive yesterday's loss just to come out here today and to make the match that we can be proud about. The fact that we are family helped us a lot.' Admirers on Twitter have compared her to some of the world's most beautiful women including Adriana Lima, Megan Fox and Angelina Jolie. The athlete married her curling partner Alexander Krushelnitskiy in June 2017 and the couple enjoyed a sun soaked honeymoon in Spain. The pair won the 2016 World Mixed Doubles Curling Championship in Karlstad, Sweden. Anastasia took up the sport in 2009 after being attracted by an advertisement for a curling club at an ice sports complex and has a master's degree from the Lesgaft National State University of Physical Education, Sport and Health. Away from the ice rink, the athlete hones her figure with weightlifting in the gym and volleyball, delighting Instagram fans with her bikini-clad snaps on Instagram. Although Russia is not officially competing in the Games in the wake of the nation's state-sponsored doping scandal. However, 168 evidently clean athletes are taking part under the banner of 'Olympic Athlete from Russia', wearing neutral colours. Mixed doubles curling is one of four new events in the 2018 Winter Olympics and was the first to kick off official competition last Thursday. Anastasia and Alexander were beaten in their first batch by siblings Becca and Matt Hamilton from the US and became visibly agitated with each other following some missed shots. 
963324521037139968	2018-02-13 08:10:38	https://t.co/ewrA0qjQAO	'Astonishing' study shows this rocket-based game stops patients hearing voices in their head https://t.co/ewrA0qjQAO	 A high-tech computer game linked up to brain scanners has been used to stop people hearing voices in their head. Experts at King’s College London managed to use the technology to treat people with schizophrenia, in a major psychiatric breakthrough. Hearing voices - known as ‘verbal hallucinations’ - is highly distressing and a third of patients do not respond to medications. The 'astonishing' new technology involves using live MRI brain scans which monitor the part of the brain that responds to speech and human voices. That part of the brain - the superior temporal gyrus - goes hyperactive when schizophrenic patients suffer verbal hallucinations. Scientists linked the MRI scans to a simple computer game, in which a rocket soars into the air when the superior temporal gyrus goes into overdrive, and flies back to Earth when it is less active. The researchers, whose work is published in the Translational Psychiatry journal, found they could use the system to teach people to turn off the voices in their head. A pilot study of 12 patients, each of whom experienced verbal hallucinations on a daily basis, showed it was highly successful. The participants were instructed to land the rocket by bringing it down to earth. They were given no instructions about how to move the rocket - and instead patients were asked to develop their own mental strategies to move it. It is the first time the technique, called a ‘neurofeedback’ system, have been shown to work for verbal hallucinations. Crucially, after using the machine four times the participants learned how to switch off the voices even when they were no longer hooked up to the system. The researchers believe these strategies will help them for the rest of their lives. Figures suggest around 1 per cent of the world population suffer with schizophrenia, with 220,000 diagnosed in England and Wales and around two million in the US. Seven in ten hear voices at some point, making auditory hallucinations of the most common symptoms. These voices, may be 'heard' as having a variety of different characteristics, for example as friendly or threatening. Hearing voices - known as ‘verbal hallucinations’ - is highly distressing and a third of patients do not respond to medications. Researcher Dr Natasza Orlov from King’s said: ‘We encouraged our patients to use the same control strategies that they learnt in the MRI scanner at home. ‘The patients know when the voices are about to start – they can feel it, so we want them to immediately put this aid into effect to lessen them, or stop the voices completely. ‘Our study has shown that people with schizophrenia can learn some sort of mental strategy to help their symptoms – something which several years of medication has not helped with.’ She aded: ‘Although the study sample size is small and we lacked a control group, these results are promising. We are now planning to conduct a randomised controlled study to test this technique in a larger sample.’ Fellow researcher Professor Paul Allen, from the University of Roehampton, added: ‘The results of this pilot are astonishing as almost everyone in the patient group was able to control the space rocket, successfully bringing the rocket in the game back down to the ground. ‘What this means is that by using this technique, patients learnt to control brain activity in the area of the brain that responds to voices - an area we know is hyperactive in people whom experience auditory verbal hallucinations. ‘These are still early days in our research, however, patients who took part in the pilot study have told us that the training has helped them to calm their external voices down, so that they were able to internalise them more.’ 
963309527209795584	2018-02-13 07:11:03	https://t.co/WQQxTiyNPN	A psychologist explains how animals reduce stress and even make us feel less physical pain https://t.co/WQQxTiyNPN	 We've known that pets can provide an important part of healthcare since the ninth century. The 'human-animal' bond has been used for hundreds of years to help people recover from many different types of illness. In fact, new research published in BMC Psychiatry today found unequivocally that pets boost mental health. A team of researchers from three British universities (Manchester, Liverpool and Southampton) has carried out a review of studies on pets. The analysis of 17 international papers looked at the quality of a pet's impact on human beings, and how much they affect us - for better or worse. Each paper emphasized the intense relationship between owner and pet - without exception. All pet owners assessed in each of the 17 studies found their pet helped them deal with everyday life emotionally, especially in a crisis. These findings have informed healthcare, leading to a surge of therapies that involve animals. Pet therapy, also called animal assisted interventions or therapy, has been used for people with physical illness and those with mental health conditions. But pet therapy is also good for people without health problems as a way to increase activity and manage stress. A wide variety of animals have been used in pet therapy programs, most often dogs but also cats, kittens, birds and horses (known as equine-facilitated psychotherapy or hippotherapy). These therapies are overseen by trained and qualified therapists in healthcare settings such as hospitals, clinics and care homes. Pets reduce our stress Interacting, or even simply being in the presence of animals can have a calming effect. This is because we as humans are naturally drawn to other living things for our survival. By focusing on the other types of animals in our surroundings we would have been able to better understand our environment. We then used animals to help us, for instance domesticating dogs for hunting and training horses for transport. In the modern day, animals can open-up avenues for personal growth, offer the experience of unconditional love and the opportunity to care for another living creature. Studies have shown that tangible measures of stress such as heart rate and skin temperature can be affected by pet therapy. Also, subjective feelings of stress are often lessened following time spent with pets. Pets can help us to control pain Pain can be debilitating for many people, especially those who have had orthopedic problems. To see whether pet therapy could help these patients, researchers looked at seventy-two people who had hip and knee surgery either received standard physiotherapy or physiotherapy with pet therapy as part of their post-operative rehabilitation. In this study, the same dog was used for all the patients – he was a 5-year-old curly-coated retriever called Holden who was certified therapy dog. Patients in the pet therapy group were visited by Holden and his handler for 15 minutes in the days after surgery. Both those in the physiotherapy group and pet therapy group were discharged three days after their operations. The patients who interacted with Holden reported less pain and were more satisfied with their stay in hospital after their surgical procedures. This shows that even a brief time with pets can have a substantial impact on health and well-being. Pets help our mental health Spending time with animals and caring for them can make us feel good. But pet therapy can also help people with acute psychiatric conditions such as anxiety and eating disorders, psychosis and mood disorders. A study with 230 patients who were in hospital with mental health disorders found that just a single pet therapy session reduced anxiety. Only patients with mood disorders saw improvements in anxiety levels with standard care, whereas all groups of diagnoses benefited from the single session of pet therapy. In children and adolescents with mental health conditions, pet therapy improved young people's day-to-day functioning and also helped them get back into school. Pets help children in hospital Spending time in hospital as a child can be really tough, for both the children and their families. So it's important that some semblance of normality is included in hospital life, and this can be achieved with both play and pet therapy. Researchers have looked at children with chronic disorders such as cancer, cystic fibrosis, diabetes, and organ transplant. These children were visited within hospital once a week by dogs. Seeing the animals not only boosted the kids' mood at the time of the visit, but the boys and girls also experienced feel-good anticipation to see their 'pet pals'. This pet therapy helped the children to focus less on being ill, offering some relief from life in hospital. Pets help older people Isolation is a growing and serious problem for older people. As we live longer and rarely in inter-generational homes with other relatives, loneliness and depression has become a significant issue for older people and also for as a society as a whole. Pet therapy has been studied in residents of nursing homes and been found to improve mood, boost social interaction and reduce feelings of apathy in residents. The human-dog interaction in this research was also an effective way to prevent social isolation. An Italian study looked at people with Alzheimer's disease over a six-month period. Twenty patients received a structured pet therapy program that aimed to help attention, language and also spatial orientation – all of which are known to become progressively impaired in Alzheimer's disease. In this program, the patients were asked to play games with their therapy dog such as fetch and 'hide the ball'. These games use cognitive skills and require attention to the task. Also, the patients had to care for the dog which again takes cognitive ability. Compared with people who didn't receive the pet therapy, those who interacting with a dog were less depressed and had better cognitive function. Their improvements were even superior to people who had a specialist rehabilitative therapy. Spending time with animals may help people with terminal illness A small study looking at fifteen people with terminal illness found that animals helped patients in the final stages of life. Volunteers brought kittens, cats, puppies, and dogs to a specialist nursing care center. The patients in this center had stopped receiving medical treatment for cancer. After two visits, the patients said that they felt less anxious and their level of despair also decreased. The animals also seemed to help these patients move through the stages of death by allowing them to let go of past relationships. The patients who already showed more warmth, humour, creativity, openness to enjoyment, and empathy gained the most from having pets visit in the nursing centre. Therefore, for some people with a terminal illness, offering time with animals may be an important part of their end of life care. FINAL WORD There has been much bad press about pets recently – for instance the fear that we can catch flu from domestic dogs and dog attacks. These cases are rare and it's very unlikely that dog flu can be transmitted to humans. We can gain much in terms of health and well-being by spending time with our animal friends. But it must be kept in mind that pets are a big responsibility. So, think carefully before taking one into your home. There are ways to gain the benefits of having a pet without the long-term commitment such as BorrowMyDoggy which matches dog owners with 'borrowers' in their local area. For cat lovers, Borrow Pets asks people within local communities to care for pets while owners are away or at work. Other types of pets such as rodents and reptiles are posted on this site, but less often. The animal charity Blue Cross also has a pet fostering program. Pet foster carers look after animals until they can be rehomed. Sometimes these animals will be recovering from operations, may be too young to be permanently rehomed or find the pet center environment too difficult. Blue Cross train their foster carers and provide any equipment or medication that the pets need. The charity give advice to foster carers if there are any difficulties during the foster placement.
963306718045310976	2018-02-13 06:59:53	https://t.co/Gq0N51VIbA	Pyeongchang Winter Olympics rocked by first positive drug test https://t.co/Gq0N51VIbA	 A Japanese short-track speed skater has produced the first positive drugs test of the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics. Kei Saito failed an out-of-competition test, with Acetazolamide found in his system. The Court of Arbitration for Sport anti-doping division, which announced the violation, lists the substance as a 'diuretic or masking agent'. The 21-year-old has now left the Olympics under a provisional suspension. It will cause embarrassment for Japan, who made a big play of their clean doping record ahead of being awarded the hosting rights for the 2020 Olympics. A CAS statement read: 'Kei Saito, short track speed skating, Japan, positive out of competition test with acetalozamide diuretic/masking agent/specified substance). An order on request for a provisional suspension has been issued by the CAS ADD. 'The athlete accepted on a voluntary basis to be provisionally suspended and to leave the Olympic Village. As a consequence, the athlete is provisionally suspended from competing at the OWG Pyeongchang 2018 and at any future ISU competition pending the resolution of this matter. 'No results at the OWG Pyeongchang 2018 have been affected. The procedure the merit of the case will continue and the CAS ADD will issue a final award after the end of the Games.' The positive test is the first ever by a Japanese athlete at the Winter Olympics. All You Need to Know Alpine Skiing Biathlon Bobsleigh Cross-Country Skiing Curling Figure Skating Freestyle Skiing Ice Hockey Luge Nordic Combined Short Track Speed Skating Skeleton Ski Jumping Snowboard Speed Skating 
963294434187149312	2018-02-13 06:11:04	https://t.co/ynsXFVEvpR	Daughter of 'French Elvis' Johnny Hallyday challenges his will after he left her NOTHING https://t.co/ynsXFVEvpR	 French rock legend Johnny Hallyday did not leave anything at all to the daughter he dedicated his most famous song to – and she is now going to court to try and change his American will. The multi-millionaire 'Gallic Elvis', who died in December aged 74, was expected to look after troubled actress Laura Smet, 34, with his vast fortune. Hallyday, who is viewed as a national legend in his home country, dedicated his smash hit 'Laura' to her in 1986, and the pair were thought to be on good terms. But on Monday her Paris lawyers released a statement saying everything he owned is going to his fifth wife, Laeticia Boudou, and their two adopted Vietnamese daughters Jade, 13, and Joy, nine. It reads: 'Laura Smet has discovered with stupefaction and pain the testament of her father Johnny Hallyday in which the whole of his will and the whole of his artistic rights will be exclusively handed over to his only wife Laeticia, in line with Californian law.' Paris lawyers Temime, Ravans and Sur said in the statement that they would be 'carrying out all legal actions' to challenge the will. It was made out in Los Angeles, where Hallyday lived with his young family towards the end of his life. The American will 'manifestly contravenes the requirements of French law,' the statement reads. If the will remained valid then Hallyday would have left Laura 'no material goods, no rights to his artistic work – not a guitar, not a motorcycle, and not even the signed copy of the song Laura, which is dedicated to her.' Laura was Hallyday's daughter by his four relationship with actress Nathalie Baye, the 69-year-old actor whose numerous films include the 2002 Steven Spielberg movie 'Catch Me If You Can'. Also on the court challenge to Hallyday's will is David Hallyday, 51, and the late singer's first-born child with the singer Sylvie Vartan, 73. Laura Hallyday has suffered from depression and alcoholism in the past, and her relationship with her father was not always smooth. Hallyday, who was born in Paris, shot to fame in in the 1960s, when he was credited with bringing Rock 'n' Roll to France. During a hugely successful career spanning almost 60 years, he sold more than 110 million records, and released 79 albums. Among his fans was French president Emmanuel Macron, who said Hallyday's death from cancer marked the demise of a 'vibrant icon'. 
963281373678198786	2018-02-13 05:19:11	https://t.co/3q8ovK4Ndo	Russian curler takes a tumble at #pyeongchang2018 https://t.co/3q8ovK4Ndo	 Russian curler Anastasia Bryzgalova, 25, who set pulses racing with her model looks and icy stare, ended up setting hearts racing when she took a tumble on the ice on Monday. The most dramatic moment of the match came in the third round as Bryzgalova was strategizing with her teammate and husband Aleksandr Krushelnitckii. She suddenly seemed to lose her footing and her feet went flying out from under her. She promptly landed on her backside. The fall drew gasps from a stunned crowd. It is very rare for a curler to fall in professional curling. Fortunately, she recovered seconds later. Her team of Russian athletes ended up winning the bronze medal in mixed doubles curling after beating Norway 8-4. The Russians' win on Tuesday gives them the distinction of nabbing the first-ever Olympic medal in mixed doubles curling. The event is making its Olympic debut in Pyeongchang. Canada will face off against Switzerland later Tuesday in the mixed doubles gold medal match. Over the weekend, Bryzgalova set pulses racing among viewers who are glued to proceedings in Pyeongchang who have been impressed not only by her prowess on the ice but her piercing stare, which makes her look like 'she can burn holes in the sheet with her eyes'. Admirers on Twitter have compared her to some of the world's most beautiful women including Adriana Lima, Megan Fox and Angelina Jolie. The athlete married her curling partner Alexander Krushelnitskiy in June 2017 and the couple enjoyed a sun soaked honeymoon in Spain. The pair won the 2016 World Mixed Doubles Curling Championship in Karlstad, Sweden. Anastasia took up the sport in 2009 after being attracted by an advertisement for a curling club at an ice sports complex and has a master's degree from the Lesgaft National State University of Physical Education, Sport and Health. Away from the ice rink, the athlete hones her figure with weightlifting in the gym and volleyball, delighting Instagram fans with her bikini-clad snaps on Instagram. Russia is not officially competing in the Games in the wake of the nation's state-sponsored doping scandal. However, 168 evidently clean athletes are taking part under the banner of 'Olympic Athlete from Russia', wearing neutral colours. Mixed doubles curling is one of four new events in the 2018 Winter Olympics and was the first to kick off official competition last Thursday.
963277404142735360	2018-02-13 05:03:24	https://t.co/siEeRMWIfO	Footage shows the moment ISIS child soldier 'who fought in Raqqa for two years' is captured by anti-Assad rebels https://t.co/siEeRMWIfO	 This is the disturbing moment a child soldier fighting for ISIS was captured by rebels in northern Syria. The boy, who barely looks old enough to be a teenager, was filmed lying face-down in the dirt after a surprise ISIS attack on the village of al-Khuwain, near Idlib. In the footage the boy is completely calm as he tells the anti-Assad rebels who captured him that he has been with ISIS for two years, and fought in Raqqa. The boy does not even flinch as a rebel fighter approaches him from behind with his weapon hanging by his side. 'Are you going to shoot me?' He asks, according to a translation posted on Twitter by the BBC's Riam Dalati. 'Shoot him,' comes the response from one of the fighters before the video stops. It is not known what became of the boy, though more footage that appeared on the Twitter account Northern Stork shows what appears to be the same boy alive and riding in the back of a truck with other prisoners. It is unclear whether that video was shot before or after the boy was recorded laying on the floor. The boy is believed to have been captured by the Free Syrian Army, which was formed in 2011 by a group of former Assad generals with the aim of toppling the dictator. The Turkish-backed rebels are currently working with forces deployed by Recep Tayyip Erdoğan in northern Syria to recapture villages seized by Kurdish troops. Around 25,000 FSA troops were committed to the operation against the YPG, who were backed by the US as part of the Syrian Democratic Forces, earlier this year. 'The task of the Free Syrian Army is first to regain sixteen Arab towns and villages occupied by the foreign militias (YPG) with the help of the Russian air force,' Major Yasser Abdul Rahim told Reuters. Forces loyal to Bashar al-Assad drove a pocket of ISIS resistance out of northern Hama province last week, allowing the fighters to move north toward Idlib, according to the Qasioun News Agency. It was there that they launched a surprise attack on the FSA on Monday morning, leading to the child being captured. 
963264247701569536	2018-02-13 04:11:07	https://t.co/Q47iIz80N5	Meet North Korean ‘army of beauties’ in charm offensive https://t.co/Q47iIz80N5	 It was minutes before the highly-anticipated unified Korea women's hockey team debut against Switzerland when North Korean cheerleaders stole the show over the weekend. Decked out in matching red outfits, the young North Korean 'army of beauties' burst into a perfectly choreographed routine in the South Korean city of Gangneung. The crowd was instantly transfixed as the group swayed in unison and sung songs in Korean as they waved small unified Korean Peninsula flags to the delight of the home crowd. But, there is a darker side to this display of warmth as they'll go to prison if they put a foot wrong. The squad are under strict instructions to report any conversations they have with South Koreans to the authorities during their stay and have daily meetings with officials. In 2006, twenty-one members of North Korean cheering squads who traveled to South Korea for sports events were sent to a prison camp for talking about what they saw in the South. The female squad apparently violated a pledge not to speak about what they saw in South Korea. North Korean leader Kim Jung Un deployed the women to be part of the nation's official delegation to the Games and cheer on their country. The country's participation was not assured until a few weeks before the games opened. When it was confirmed the country would be involved, North Korea announced that it would be sending the controversial cheerleaders. Despite the team being seriously outplayed by Switzerland, the squad reportedly clapped and chanted in unison 'Go, Fight, Win!', as the team, made up of players from both North and South Korea, took to the ice together for the first time in Olympic history. The crowd were also treated to 'Ban gap seup nee da' or 'Nice to meet you' which is traditionally performed during meetings between the North and South civilians. Kim Yo Jong, Kim Jung Un's younger sister was also there and enjoyed the performance from the stand. She left the young cheer squad to travel to Seoung, where South Korea accommodated North Korean government officials,on her brother's private jet to continue Pyongyang's charm offensive which aims to end seven decades of hostility. Kim Yo Jong, 30, is an increasingly prominent figure Kim Jung Un's government and the first member of the North's ruling family to visit the South since the end of the Korean War in 1953. It has been speculated that the visit to Seoul is a weapon to drive a wedge between Seoul and it's American ally. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis rejected any suggestion that even a temporary warming of relations between the North and South could drive a wedge between Seoul and Washington. He said: 'If using the Olympics in a way to reduce tension – if that's going to have any traction once the Olympics are over. We can't say right now.' Korea has been known to deploy attractive women as a propaganda tool to project it's image to other countries. The 229 young women arrived sporting matching scarlet coats and pelt hats have arrived in South Korea last week. They crossed the Demilitarized Zone that divides the two Koreas at the Dorasan border post north of Seoul. Despite being guarded by heavy security the girls seemed jovial, even stopping to exchange words with South Korean journalists. There is a tough screening process to join the cheer squad. Women must be deemed attractive enough by the state and in their late teens to early 20's. They are said to be picked from Pyongyang universities and upper class families who are loyal to the regime. There is also a difficult screening process. According to North Korean defectors cited in the media, women need to be over 1.65 m bar those with exceptionally good looks. Girls with family members living abroad are automatically disqualified as they are a flight risk. The Korean team was beaten 8-0 to Switzerland as the team of young women reportedly sat silently, almost indifferent to the scoreboard. 
963248706668630017	2018-02-13 03:09:22	https://t.co/PohoI5APKK	Sea levels could rise by TWICE as much as scientists had predicted by 2100 https://t.co/PohoI5APKK	 Coastal cities across the world are at a high risk of flooding by the end of the century, according to the results of a shocking new study. Sea levels are set to rise by at least two feet (65cm) by 2100, more than twice as much as predicted by some models. Melting ice in Greenland and Antarctica is largely responsible for the trend, experts say, described by the team as a 'game changer' in the climate change debate. It could mean places as far flung as South Florida, Bangladesh, Shanghai and parts of Washington, D.C. being engulfed by rising waters. Scroll down for video The finding was made by a team of US researchers, including the University of Colorado. In the first analysis of its kind, they used twenty-five years of satellite data to show current climate models which predict sea levels will rise at an increasing rate are correct. They found that, since 1993, ocean waters have moved up the shore by an additional one millimetre (0.04 inches) per decade. That's on top of a three millimetre (0.1 inch) steady annual increase. This acceleration would means an additional millimetre sea rise per year for each of the coming decades. If the oceans continue to change at this pace, sea levels will rise by 65cm (two feet) by the end of the century. Models that assume the rate of increase remains constant predict a rise of of about 30cm (one foot). New Orleans could become an island guarded by levies and floods ravage parts of the East Coast of the US with far greater frequency. About the results study co-author Dr Gary Mitchum, associate dean and professor at the University of South Florida, said: 'I think this is a game-changer as far as the climate change discussion goes. 'For example, the Tampa Bay area has been identified as one of ten most vulnerable areas in the world to sea level rise and the increasing rate of rise is of great concern.' Rising concentrations of greenhouse gases in Earth's atmosphere increase the temperature of air and water, which causes sea level to rise in two ways. First, warmer water expands, and this thermal expansion of the oceans has contributed about half of the 7cm (2.7 inches) of global average sea level rise observed over the last 25 years Second, melting land ice flows into the ocean, also increasing sea level across the globe. The team looked at satellite altimeter measurements taken since 1992, including data taken from the current Jason-3 satellite mission. Episodes like volcanic eruptions can create variability in their measurements. The eruption of Mount Pinatubo in 1991 decreased the global average sea level just before the Topex/Poseidon satellite launch, for example. In addition, global sea level can fluctuate due to climate patterns such as El Niños and La Niñas, the opposing phases of the El Niño Southern Oscillation (Enso). These events influence ocean temperature and global rainfall patterns. Experts used climate models to account for the volcanic effects and other datasets to determine the Enso effects. This let them uncover the underlying sea-level rate and acceleration over the last quarter of a century. They used data from the Grace satellite gravity mission to determine that the acceleration is largely being driven by melting ice. The team also used tide gauge data to assess potential errors in the altimeter estimate. Tide gauge measurements are essential for determining the uncertainty in the global mean sea level (GMSL) acceleration estimate, according to the team. However, satellites give a better view of sea level rise, because samples are collected over the open ocean, rather than just along the coastline. 'This acceleration, driven mainly by accelerated melting in Greenland and Antarctica, has the potential to double the total sea level rise by 2100 as compared to projections that assume a constant rate,' added Steve Nerem, professor of aerospace engineering sciences at the University of Colorado, who led the study. 'And this is almost certainly a conservative estimate. Our extrapolation assumes that sea level continues to change in the future as it has over the last 25 years. 'Given the large changes we are seeing in the ice sheets today, that's not likely.' The full findings of the study were published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
963233298733584386	2018-02-13 02:08:09	https://t.co/nC1IggjJBT	Heartwarming footage shows Saudi women enjoying a football match after being allowed into stadiums for first time https://t.co/nC1IggjJBT	 Heartwarming footage shows Saudi women enjoying a football match after being allowed into stadiums for the first time. Saudi Arabia has started easing restrictions on women and one of the perks granted to them was access to football stadiums in January. Last week, female fans poured into a stadium in the city of Riyadh and sat in family seating sections, marking a historic moment for the country. 'It means that I am human,' secondary school teacher Nora told Sky News at the Riyadh derby game. 'No other one prevents me from doing what I want. No other one decides what I want. I am the one who decides,' Nora said surrounded by women waving flags and cheering at the section of the stadium reserved for families. The kingdom has also announced that starting in June women will be allowed to drive, lifting the world's only ban on female drivers. World-famous Saudi protester Madeha al Ajroush has campaigned for years for women to have the right to drive. She has been jailed in the past for driving her car in protest and defying the kingdom's ban on female drivers. Al Ajroush said she would be 'ecstatic' when a ban on women driving is lifted, but it will be tainted with sadness. 'At 18 women usually automatically get behind the wheel and drive and do their errands,' Al Ajroush said. 'I had to wait until I was 63 and that saddens me. It took a lot from my life.' Despite decades of ultraconservative dogma, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has sought to bring through a number of major social reforms with support from his father, King Salman. In addition to lifting a ban on women driving next year, the crown prince is behind measures such as bringing back concerts and other forms of entertainment to satiate the desires of the country's majority young population. The 32-year-old heir to the throne's social push is part of his so-called Vision 2030, a blueprint for the country that aims to boost local spending and create jobs amid sustained lower oil prices. Ahmed A Khatib, Head of Saudi Arabia's General Entertainment Authority said the kingdom in 1970s and 1980s used to have 'more fun than 5, 6, 7 years ago.' He said Saudi Arabia has 'a vision.' 
963203559599804417	2018-02-13 00:09:58	https://t.co/8YClB392nj	Cancer. Asthma. Diabetes. These are just some of the diseases that could be detected from your FINGERPRINT https://t.co/8YClB392nj	 Fingerprints, long used to solve crimes, may also help track down people at risk of diseases before any symptoms appear. New research suggests that women with specific types of fingerprints — namely fewer loops and more arches — may be more at risk of developing gynaecological cancers. Previously, researchers have suggested there may be links between fingerprints — and equally unique palm prints — and the risk of conditions as diverse as diabetes, Alzheimer’s, leukaemia, impotence, depression and even gum disease. The theory behind dermatoglyphics — the scientific study of fingerprints and disease links — is that if the growth of limbs, organs or other tissues is disturbed in very early foetal life, there will also be changes in the configurations of finger and palm prints. These changes, it is argued, are therefore visible and permanent markers of abnormal development in the nervous system and other areas that are developing in the womb at the same time. Our fingerprints, the tiny ridges and troughs in the skin, are unique. Although identical twins share DNA, no two people have ever been found to have the same fingerprints. Each unique pattern is produced by a combination of effects on the foetal fingers in the womb when they are formed between the 11th and 24th week of pregnancy. The environment in the womb is influenced by factors including blood pressure, hormonal mix, maternal diet and any infections, the position of the foetus in the womb and the density of amniotic fluid around the foetal fingers — these, as well as genes, are thought to play key roles in determining each individual pattern. There are three main patterns: whorls, arches and loops (see box, right), and it is the number of these plus shape, size and spacing that makes everyone unique. Some of the potential links to health include: HEART DISEASE: Men with coronary heart disease (CHD) are more likely to have a particular type of fingerprint pattern, according to a 2015 study in the Journal of Clinical and Diagnostic Research. Scientists compared 250 men with and without CHD and found those with the disease had more ridges in specific areas, and different whorl patterns. ‘Factors arising in the critical period of pregnancy may affect the development of the heart and the ridges of fingers and palms,’ say the researchers from Ningxia Medical University, in China. CANCER: Links between fingerprints and a number of cancers, including breast, prostate, ovarian and cervical, have been reported. In the latest study, researchers examined the fingerprints of 300 women with ovarian and other gynaecological cancers and compared them with those of healthy women. The results, reported last year in the European Journal of Obstetrics & Gynecology and Reproductive Biology, showed that women with cancer tended to have fewer loops in their fingerprints. They also had a higher number of arch patterns. The researchers from Tehran University of Medical Sciences, Iran, also analysed previous research on breast cancer, revealing a higher percentage of arches in cancer patients’ prints. The researchers suggested that fingerprints could be ‘a cheaper and faster method for screening large numbers of people’. In another study, doctors at University Hospital Zagreb, in Croatia, found that people with cancer of the pituitary gland have fingerprints with a smaller number of ridges in specific areas, according to a 2016 report in the International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health. Commenting on the findings, Alan Doherty, a consultant urologist and clinical director of the Birmingham Prostate Clinic, said: ‘Fingerprints are genetically determined. Cancers develop when there are genetic defects, so it’s not surprising that there may be links. The possibility that a fingerprint might give the clinician an insight into the risk of being diagnosed with prostate cancer is obviously exciting. ‘We look forward to further studies to clarify the role of fingerprints to help in early diagnosis.’ DIABETES: Genes and environmental influences are thought to be involved in the development of diabetes, and researchers have found significant differences in the left and right-hand fingerprints of people with both type 1 and type 2 diabetes. Fingerprints on the left and right hands are not the same but greater left-right differences are likely to be apparent in people with diabetes, researchers at Ohio University in the U.S. discovered in 2017. Their study of 300 people was the first to show this, and they say it could be used to predict the risk of people developing diabetes. The research also pinpoints the time in the womb at which diabetes risk increases. The biggest differences in print patterns were found in the fourth fingers, which develop between the 14th and 16th week of pregnancy. The Ohio team are now working on creating a mobile phone app to identify at-risk individuals before they develop symptoms. GUM DISEASE: Children with bad teeth have different fingerprint patterns from those who don’t, according to a study in the Journal of Contemporary Dental Practice. Researchers from Pacific University, in India, compared the fingerprints of 400 children aged five to 12 against their teeth. The results showed that those with bad teeth had more whorl patterns and fewer ridges in their fingerprints. MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS: This condition is caused by damage to the myelin sheath, the protective covering on the nerves. Although the cause is unknown, variations in dozens of genes are thought to be involved, as well as environmental factors including lack of exposure to vitamin D. In a 2014 study, researchers compared fingerprints of 120 people, some of whom had MS, and found that they had more ridges. The Turkish study, reported in the journal Neurosciences, also found more loops in the left hands of MS patients. ASTHMA: Genes and the environment are thought to play a role in the development of asthma. Several studies have found differences in fingerprints between people with the condition and those who don’t have it. In the latest research, reported in 2016 in the International Journal of Healthcare and Biomedical Research, patients with asthma had significantly fewer arches and a greater number of loops. INFERTILITY: When researchers compared infertile men’s finger and palm prints, they found they had a significantly lower number of loops than a control group, reported the Nepal Medical College Journal in 2013. Professor Raj Persad, consultant urologist with Bristol Urology Associates, said: ‘There is scientific rationale to link any genetically determined feature such as fingerprints with other genetically determined characteristics, such as specific types of infertility. But compiling a database would be a mammoth task and rigorous testing would be needed, there’s more to it than simply saying ‘significantly lower number of loops’. 
963188141120253952	2018-02-12 23:08:42	https://t.co/oRyHtODKUW	Couples with a good sex life are MORE likely to cheat because they want more of it https://t.co/oRyHtODKUW	 Having great sex in a relationship has traditionally been considered a factor that would stop either partner becoming unfaithful. But new research has found that having a good sex life may make one's partner more - not less - likely to stray, a study suggests. Researchers suggest that people who really enjoy sex are more likely to be unfaithful because they seek out sex with more partners. As well as finding out that good sex could be a risk factor, the researchers at Florida State University found men with a more-attractive wife were less likely to cheat than women with a more-attractive husband. The authors say this sex difference is 'consistent with evidence that partner attractiveness to men than it is to women'. They also found attractive women were slightly more likely to remain faithful than less attractive women. But in men, being more attractive was more likely to lead to straying. The findings came from wide-ranging research into whether you can predict whether someone is likely to cheat in a relationship. And they found that people whose gaze lingers on attractive 'alternative' mates were the ones who would be more likely to cheat – and their marriages more likely to fail. In the study published in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, researchers followed 233 newly married couples for up to three and a half years. They recorded documented intimate details about their relationships, including marital satisfaction, long-term commitment, whether they had engaged in infidelity and if they were still together. The researchers wanted to see if they could find factors that might show someone was more likely than not to 'play away' from home. They showed participants in the study photographs of highly attractive men and women, as well as pictures of average-looking men and women and measured how long they looked a thtem. They found that participants who quickly stopped looking at an attractive person were less likely to have affairs during the course of the study. The difference in the length of time of the gaze between 'cheaters' and 'faithful' people was just fractions of a second. A person who looked at an attractive person for just a few hundred milliseconds longer was 50 per cent more likely to cheat than someone who stopped looking at the attractive picture. As well as avoiding looking longingly at others, researchers found that faithful people also 'downgraded' how attractive they viewed others. The authors say that faithful people – when asked to evaluate how good looking other people were – gave lower scores than people who went on to cheat. You could say that for faithful people, the grass is not greener. The researchers say that these 'automatic' reactions –disengaging attention, and downgrading attractiveness could be taught by professionals, such as marriage guidance counsellors or psychologists. At a time when potential romantic partners on social media that could tempt someone to stray is high, the authors say their research is more relevant than ever. The authors write: 'With the advent of social media, and thus the increased availability of and access to alternative partners, understanding how people avoid the temptation posed by alternative partners may be more relevant than ever to understanding relationships.' Younger people were also more likely to cheat. And in what is perhaps the least surprising finding, so were people who were less satisfied with their relationships. Men who had previously had lots of short-term sexual partners were also more likely to have an affair, although the opposite was true of women.
963181199547142144	2018-02-12 22:41:07	https://t.co/sfhEh6YRW5	A common but little-known condition could explain why your partner ignores you https://t.co/sfhEh6YRW5	 Ask 14-year-old Pippa Marchant to describe the machine that washes clothes and she might pause, then say: ‘The shaky-shaky thing.’ She knows what it is really called, but she can’t find the word. Because Pippa has a condition called auditory processing disorder, or APD. APD is essentially a problem with how the brain interprets sound. It may explain why some people struggle to hear speech in a noisy restaurant and could even be the reason your spouse seems to ignore you. People with APD find it hard to distinguish between very similar words or sounds. Unlike with typical hearing loss, in APD sounds reach the brain — people with the condition hear them, but find it difficult to process them. This means APD is hard to diagnose, as standard hearing tests rarely pick it up. ‘I’m sure there are thousands of children and adults in the UK who have not been correctly diagnosed,’ says Dr Ralph Holme, director of biomedical research at Action on Hearing Loss. CHILDREN CAN BE MISDIAGNOSED In cases where an adult has it but was never diagnosed, people might think of them as rude or unresponsive. Family members may complain about being ignored while, say experts, the person with APD may become anxious or even depressed. At nursery, while other children played together, Pippa chose to play alone. At first, her mother Jane, 46, whose son has autism, wondered if she had it too. But there was something else. ‘She never seemed to follow instructions,’ says Jane, who has two older children aged 19 and 15, and lives with her husband Bill, 44, in Hemel Hempstead. ‘She couldn’t seem to understand people and, although she could speak a little, her speech was muddled so people would ask her to repeat herself.’ When Pippa was four, Jane took her for a hearing test. The GP diagnosed glue ear and Pippa was given grommets — tubes to drain excess fluid. But by the age of five, Pippa still wasn’t really talking, so doctors suggested speech therapy. Aged eight Pippa still muddled ‘st’ and ‘sl’ sounds, ‘stot’ would be ‘spot’ and ‘change clothes’ became ‘chase clothes.’ School proved difficult. ‘She couldn’t sit still during carpet time and again couldn’t follow instructions,’ Jane says. This behaviour, according to experts, can lead to children being labelled ‘naughty’ or as having learning difficulties. ‘APD is not a learning difficulty, but it causes them,’ explains Alyson Mountjoy, co-founder of APD Support UK, a support group. ‘And it has lifelong implications, affecting education, relationships, work and self-esteem.’ Specialists have known about APD for over 40 years, however it is not well understood. It can affect people in different ways, with some experiencing short-term memory problems, while others may need longer to respond to verbal instructions. Some children, although not all, have delayed speech. The biggest hurdle is that hearing tests do not pick it up. ‘Standard hearing tests assess whether patients can hear a pure tone at a range of pitches or not and what is the softest noise they can hear,’ explains Professor Doris-Eva Bamiou, a specialist in audiovestibular medicine and an honorary consultant at Great Ormond Street Hospital, which runs one of the few NHS APD clinics. ‘These are simple tests, so they’re not enough to identify sound processing in the brain.’ A NEW TEST ON THE HORIZON Professor Bamiou says a few tests have been developed in recent years to try to detect APD, such as requiring the child to listen to a variety of sounds and to respond either verbally or by pushing a button. Electrodes attached to the head to record brain activity can also measure the auditory system’s response. But there is still no ‘gold standard’ way of testing for APD, instead an assessment is made based on different measures, not just hearing tests. And as a result, children are missing out on being diagnosed, adds Dr Holme. He hopes that a new test being developed by researchers at University College London (UCL), funded by Action on Hearing Loss, will make diagnosis more straightforward. As Stuart Rosen, a professor of speech and hearing science at UCL, who is leading the research, explains: ‘It involves listening to speech that is switched between the ears, with a distracting message played at the same time. ‘For some children who are suspected of having APD, we think it’s very likely the difficulty they have involves the ability to focus attention on one talker while ignoring the distracting speech from someone else. ‘For other children, it may be that a developmental language disorder is an important factor, or even the dominant one.’ PROGRESS IN LEAPS AND BOUNDS after pushing for help for years, Jane took Pippa, then 11, to see an NHS audiologist, who finally diagnosed APD. Professor Bamiou says there are things that make it easier for children, such as minimising background noise, for example from the TV, sitting near the front of class, asking the teacher to back up verbal instructions with written ones. Now at secondary school, Pippa still has trouble finding the right words, but she has come on leaps and bounds. In her own eloquent way, Pippa describes her condition as like ‘fishing for words in a fishbowl. The words are like fish and sometimes you catch the right word, sometimes you catch the wrong word and other times the word slips away.’ Last year she was also diagnosed with autism and ADHD — disorders that, along with dyslexia, often run alongside APD. But it’s important APD is identified and symptoms are not attributed to other difficulties. As Jane says: ‘I think if Pippa had been diagnosed with autism first, we might never have got a diagnosis for APD, which is by far the biggest hurdle for her.’ For support regarding APD visit: https://apdsupportuk.yolasite.com/ 
963178137214443520	2018-02-12 22:28:57	https://t.co/XEcJo5HNB0	Inside Oxfam's 'Caligula orgy villa' https://t.co/XEcJo5HNB0	 Boasting a 25ft swimming pool and a charming sun terrace, this is the luxury apartment block in Haiti where Oxfam aid workers cavorted with young prostitutes at a sex party likened to a 'Caligula orgy'. Terracotta walls, palm trees and floral arrangements give the gated complex the feel of a Mediterranean holiday villa. The six-bedroom serviced complex, which can sleep 12, was rented to Oxfam for around £1,200 a month – an astronomical sum by Haitian standards. The Daily Mail found it in a rundown part of Haitian capital Port au Prince after three sources confirmed it was used for the alleged sex parties. Each of the rooms comes fully furnished so that aid workers do not need to buy their own furniture. Scroll down for video The complex – known locally as 'the whorehouse' – has a living room with a flat screen TV and three comfy seats with plenty of space for entertaining. It was here that video footage was said to have been filmed showing aid workers partying with prostitutes who wore Oxfam T-shirts. One source said at least five half-naked girls were running around at a 'full-on Caligula orgy'. Such gatherings were referred to as 'young meat barbecues'. The villa comes with an armed guard as well a 12ft security gate with barbed wire on the top. By contrast, some of the other houses in the area still bear the scars from the 2010 earthquake, which killed 220,000 and left 1.5million people homeless. The hilly and chaotic streets are choked with pedestrians, traders and traffic. There are potholes everywhere and cars bounce around on the uneven surfaces. On the street, the traders try to scratch out a living selling rice, eggs and beans from sacks supplied by aid agencies. A Haitian woman wearing dirty jeans who was cooking meat on a grill in the street said: 'I don't think they should be doing that here. Oxfam were supposed to help people, not do this'. Another local man added: 'This shouldn't have happened. This neighbourhood was really struggling after the earthquake.' The villa sits in a densely populated neighbourhood called Delmas, which is home to 600,000. Locals said it was one of the worst affected places after the earthquake in 2010. There was no electricity and the poor quality housing meant that more buildings collapsed than in other areas, causing more deaths. Workers at the property confirmed that Oxfam staff used to stay there, as did a neighbour. A former driver who used to work for Oxfam said: 'I left before all this came out, but I heard there were lots of girls at these parties. They used to have girls up there all the time'. Last night another source told the Mail: 'This is where those Oxfam sex parties took place. They happened on more than one occasion and they weren't very subtle about it. 'I think they thought they could get away with anything. They nearly did.' Another source added: 'The aid workers lived in a guesthouse rented by Oxfam that they called the 'pink apartments' – they called it 'the whorehouse'. They were throwing big parties with prostitutes. 'These girls were wearing Oxfam T-shirts, running around half-naked, it was a like a full-on Caligula orgy. It was unbelievable. It was crazy. At one party there were at least five girls and two of them had Oxfam white t-shirts on.' The group of aid workers was said to have control over the team of drivers hired by the charity to move staff. A source said: 'They said, 'Listen, if you want your contract to be extended we need girls and you need to pick them up'.' Oxfam's country director there was Roland van Hauwermeiren, 68, a Belgium national who has worked for the charity for many years. He admitted using prostitutes at a different villa – known as the Eagle's Nest rented for him by Oxfam with charitable funds, according to a report. After the allegations surfaced, investigators flew into Haiti and carried out covert surveillance on some suspects. Contact was made with Oxfam-employed drivers used by the group to bring women to their house, and the prostitutes themselves. Separately, three sources said they had concerns that some of the prostitutes were girls aged 14 to 16, below the age of consent in Haiti, which is 18. Meanwhile, it emerged that senior Oxfam workers were using prostitutes in Haiti as far back as 2004 as part of a deep-seated 'culture of entitlement'. A former employee at the charity said she once nearly walked in on two senior male staff arguing with prostitutes about the price for their services. The incident happened at an Oxfam apartment in the Petionville area of the capital. One of them men was said to be an Oxfam finance director and the other worked as programme officer. One was said to be French. The former employee said: 'I went to knock on their door one morning and I heard voices coming from inside so I asked the security guard. 'He said that the men had come back drunk and bought some prostitutes. They apparently did not agree a price and the women were arguing about it with them now. 'I went back to my car and called and texted them to say I was there because I did not want to go in and see that. I felt very uncomfortable. 'They came out a little while later and seemed very relaxed as if nothing happened'. The former employee did not speak up at the time because she felt intimidated because the men were senior to her. She said: 'Oxfam staff used to go to clubs that were really heavy, you could get drugs there and there were lots of women. One of them was called Jet Set. 'They used to park outside with their vehicles which had Oxfam logos on them. They did not seem to care. 'They had a culture of entitlement and there were many instances when they behaved inappropriately with Haitian females who worked alongside them.' She said that she had spoken to others who worked at Oxfam in 2010 around the time of the allegations about the orgy with prostitutes and they confirmed that it did take place. Asked about Roland van Hauwermeiren, she added: 'He was supposed to represent everything good about the charity but instead he did this. 'When you have this kind of behaviour going on for so long it just becomes part of the culture and people think they are entitled to it. 'It's never going to change unless people speak out.' Widza Bryant, who worked in human resources for Oxfam in Haiti from 2009 for three years, said she raised concerns and was ignored. 'There was a lot of rumours on the ground about management and leaders exploiting the locals, sexually and in other ways, to get jobs and to have good standing,' she told the BBC. 'So these were ongoing rumours that would come to me through the drivers and other employees. So in many occasions I would share those rumours with my boss,' Miss Bryant added. 
963168615146180608	2018-02-12 21:51:07	https://t.co/9WtvzJQft6	Tiny male python and the massive 20ft female killed by hungry villagers and chopped up to be cooked in a STIR FRY https://t.co/9WtvzJQft6	 A massive 20 foot female python and the tiny male it was mating with were killed by hungry villagers who chopped up the creatures and cooked them in a stir fry. Locals on the Malaysian island of Borneo found the pair inside a fallen tree while they were on a hunting trip last Saturday. As they passed, the group heard strange noises coming from inside the dried out hollow log. Using a chainsaw they cut through the bark and were thrilled to see the romping reptiles - which are considered a delicacy in the remote Sarawak region Several men dragged the beasts out before they were shot and hauled on to a truck. Later they were served up to hungry townsfolk. Prepared according to local custom, python is grilled over a fire or fried in a pan with vegetables then eaten with rice. Delighted Tinsung Ujang, 60, who found the pair, said villagers in the town of Bintulu near the Kelawit River would feast on the meat for days. He said: 'I looked down into the hole in the wood and was surprised to see the female mating with a smaller male snake. 'We had to split the timber to reach them and it was difficult to remove the snakes because of their size and the position. They were locked together. 'I was even more surprised because I have never seen snakes mating before and never seen a giant python that was more than five metres long like this. The male python was quite small. 'It was an amazing occurrence and I proceeded to shoot the two reptiles because for our community it is an exotic dish that is also our favourite dish.' Tinsung said when he returned to town with the pythons on the back of a pick-up truck he was greeted with cheers. 'The snake meat was then divided and its share was distributed equally to villagers and nearby farm workers.' Reticulated pythons, a species found in Southeast Asia, are the worlds longest and largest snakes. They are excellent swimmers and, like all pythons, are non venomous constrictors. 
963163581624799232	2018-02-12 21:31:07	https://t.co/9wIgVOaEMz	Belly dancer freed after a week locked up in Egypt for a ‘provocative’ night club performance speaks out https://t.co/9wIgVOaEMz	 A Russian belly dancer detained by police in Egypt over her 'provocative' performances has opened up about her ordeal. Ekaterina Andreeva, 31, also known under her stage-name Johara, was arrested following a dance show in Giza, north-western Egypt, and detained for several days. Mrs Andreeva took to Instagram to defend herself against accusations by Egyptian authorities that she had been performing bellydancing routines without wearing underwear. Mrs Andreeva hails from Perm Krai in Russia, but performs all over the world as a belly dancer and often shares videos of her routines on social media. Addressing her 136,000 Instagram followers, Mrs Andreeva wrote: 'I’m finally out! My state of health is normal so do not worry about me!' Revealing that she had spent several days in prison, she called the experience 'the worst days of my life'. She explains that she did not know the 'real reasons;' why she was arrested, adding that 'those who are professional dancer know clearly my costumes are ok'. 'Me and my lawyer insure 100% documents are done, we spend 6 months with my employer to prepare everything clean and right. 'I know that my beloved husband did just unreal job from Russian side and my amazing employer here in Cairo the same here. No words to thank you, all who were helping me 'It was the worst days of my life, but I’m out and JUSTICE TRIUMPHED, so it’s only proves that I’m innocent.' Mrs Andreeva was arrested last week after a video showing her dancing in Giza came under scrutiny by authorities. The films clip shows her energetically dancing in a low-cut backless dress split up one side. But the footage was not taken lightly by police as they arrested her on suspicion of inciting young people to disobedience and immorality. Egyptian prosecutor Hatim Fadl said: 'Rules for the dance performance oblige the performer to wear underwear of any colour but beige. 'Johara did not have any underwear, and of course it was provocative.' It has been reported locally that Mrs Andreeva is temporarily banned from dancing while her case is reviewed. 
963160459938619393	2018-02-12 21:18:42	https://t.co/MwqCAOvuI9	Study finds facial recognition technology could be RACIST https://t.co/MwqCAOvuI9	 Tech giants have made some major strides in advancing facial recognition technology. It's now popping up in smartphones, laptops and tablets, all with the goal of making our lives easier. But a new study, called 'Gender Shades,' has found that it may not be working for all users, especially those who aren't white males. A researcher from the MIT Media Lab discovered that popular facial recognition services from Microsoft, IBM and Face++ vary in accuracy based on gender and race. To illustrate this, researcher Joy Buolamwini created a data set using 1,270 photos of parliamentarians from three African nations and three Nordic countries. The faces were selected to represent a broad range of human skin tones, using a labeling system developed by dermatologists, called the Fitzpatrick scale. The scale is viewed as more objective and precise than classifying based on race, according to the New York Times. Buolamwini found that when the person in a photo was a white man, the facial recognition software worked 99% of the time. But when the photo was of a darker skinned woman, there was a nearly 35% error rate. For darker skinned men, their gender was misidentified roughly 12% of the time, while in a set of lighter skinned females, gender was misidentified about 7% of the time. Microsoft's facial recognition systems failed to identify darker skinned women in 21% of cases, while IBM and Face++'s rates were almost 35%. All had error rates that were less than 1% for white skinned males. Face++, which is made by Megvii, a Chinese facial recognition startup, is used at Alibaba's offices for employee ID, as well as in some Chinese public transportation systems. Microsoft, IBM and Face++ were analyzed in the study because they offered gender classification features in their facial identification software and their code was publicly available for testing, the Times noted. The findings shed a light on how artificial intelligence technology is trained and evaluated, as well as the diversity of those who build the systems. For example, researchers at a major U.S. technology company claimed their facial-recognition systems were accurate more than 97% of the time, but the data set used to assess its performance was strikingly more than 77% male and more than 83% white, according to the study. Put simply, this suggests if more photos and data from white men are used in a certain data set, that can affect how accurately the system is able to identify other genders and races. 'What's really important here is the method and how that method applies to other applications,' Buolamwini said. In a new study titled Gender Shades, team of researchers discovered that popular facial recognition services from Microsoft, IBM and Face++ can discriminate based on gender and race The data set was made up of 1,270 photos of parliamentarians from three African nations and three Nordic countries where women held positions The faces were selected to represent a broad range of human skin tones, using a labeling system developed by dermatologists, called the Fitzpatrick scale All three services worked better on white, male faces and had the highest error rates on dark-skinned males and females Microsoft was unable to detect darker-skinned females 21% of the time, while IBM and Face++ wouldn't work on darker-skinned females in roughly 35% of cases 'The same data-centric techniques that can be used to try to determine sombody's gender are also used to identify a person when you're looking for a criminal suspect or to unlock your phone,' she added. The study goes on to say that an error in the output of facial-recognition algorithms can have 'serious consequences.' 'It has recently been shown that algorithms trained with biased data have resulted in algorithms trained with biased data have resulted in algorithmic discrimination,' it notes. Buolamwini has now started to advocate for 'algorithmic accountability,' which is working to make automated decisions more transparent, explainable and fair, the Times said. It's not the first time that racial inaccuracies have been detected in popular image and facial recognition services. In 2015, Google came under scrutiny after it was discovered that its photo-organizing service labeled African-Americans as gorillas. Major errors such as these in facial recognition have to be addressed before 'commercial companies are to build genuinely fair, transparent and accountable facial analysis algorithms,' the study notes. IBM has said it will take steps to improve its facial recognition systems. 'We have a new model now that we brought out that is much more balanced in terms of accuracy across the benchmark that Joy was looking at,' said Ruchir Puri, chief architect of IBM's Watson AI system, in a statement. 'The model isn’t specifically a response to her paper, but we took it upon ourselves to address the questions she had raised directly, including her benchmark,' he added. Microsoft has also said it will take steps to improve the accuracy of the firm's facial recognition technology. Interestingly, the study didn't analyze one facial recognition technology that's become increasingly popular over the last few months: Apple's Face ID. The tech giant began offering its Face ID facial recognition service in its high-end iPhone X last year. Users have duped Apple's Face ID technology on several occasions, most recently two friends who discovered an iPhone X would unlock after scanning both their faces. But that type of facial recognition technology is different from Microsoft, IBM and Face++ services because it works to verify/identify a user, not classify them based on race or gender. Face ID scans a user's face with infrared lasers to create a sample. Each time a user tries to unlock their phone, those same lasers scan the person's face to make sure that it matches up. Face ID uses a 7MP front-facing camera on the iPhone X which has multiple components. One of these components is a Dot Projector that projects more than 30,000 invisible dots onto your face to map its structure. The dot map is then read by an infrared camera and the structure of your face is relayed to the A11 Bionic chip in the iPhone X, where it is turned into a mathematical model. The A11 chip then compares your facial structure to the facial scan stored in the iPhone X during the setup process. Face ID uses infrared to scan your face, so it works in low lighting conditions and in the dark. It will only unlock your device when you look in the direction of the iPhone X with your eyes open. In October Apple's vice president of public policy for the Americas, Cyntheia Hogan explained how they make the product accessible to people of different ethnicities. 'We worked with participants from around the world to include a representative group of people accounting for gender, age, ethnicity, and other factors', she said. 'We augmented the studies as needed to provide a high degree of accuracy for a diverse range of users', she said. Developers also trained the neural network to spot and resist people trying to unlock the phone with photos or masks. 
963156685652221954	2018-02-12 21:03:43	https://t.co/5bzq3RlAQl	Heartwarming footage shows Saudi women enjoying a football match after being allowed into stadiums for first time https://t.co/5bzq3RlAQl	 Heartwarming footage shows Saudi women enjoying a football match after being allowed into stadiums for the first time. Saudi Arabia has started easing restrictions on women and one of the perks granted to them was access to football stadiums in January. Last week, female fans poured into a stadium in the city of Riyadh and sat in family seating sections, marking a historic moment for the country. 'It means that I am human,' secondary school teacher Nora told Sky News at the Riyadh derby game. 'No other one prevents me from doing what I want. No other one decides what I want. I am the one who decides,' Nora said surrounded by women waving flags and cheering at the section of the stadium reserved for families. The kingdom has also announced that starting in June women will be allowed to drive, lifting the world's only ban on female drivers. World-famous Saudi protester Madeha al Ajroush has campaigned for years for women to have the right to drive. She has been jailed in the past for driving her car in protest and defying the kingdom's ban on female drivers. Al Ajroush said she would be 'ecstatic' when a ban on women driving is lifted, but it will be tainted with sadness. 'At 18 women usually automatically get behind the wheel and drive and do their errands,' Al Ajroush said. 'I had to wait until I was 63 and that saddens me. It took a lot from my life.' Despite decades of ultraconservative dogma, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has sought to bring through a number of major social reforms with support from his father, King Salman. In addition to lifting a ban on women driving next year, the crown prince is behind measures such as bringing back concerts and other forms of entertainment to satiate the desires of the country's majority young population. The 32-year-old heir to the throne's social push is part of his so-called Vision 2030, a blueprint for the country that aims to boost local spending and create jobs amid sustained lower oil prices. Ahmed A Khatib, Head of Saudi Arabia's General Entertainment Authority said the kingdom in 1970s and 1980s used to have 'more fun than 5, 6, 7 years ago.' He said Saudi Arabia has 'a vision.' 
963153853863661569	2018-02-12 20:52:27	https://t.co/XBArCTswtF	Sea levels could rise by TWICE as much as scientists had predicted by 2100 https://t.co/XBArCTswtF	 Coastal cities across the world are at a high risk of flooding by the end of the century, according to the results of a shocking new study. Sea levels are set to rise by at least two feet (65cm) by 2100, more than twice as much as predicted by some models. Melting ice in Greenland and Antarctica is largely responsible for the trend, experts say, described by the team as a 'game changer' in the climate change debate. It could mean places as far flung as South Florida, Bangladesh, Shanghai and parts of Washington, D.C. being engulfed by rising waters. Scroll down for video The finding was made by a team of US researchers, including the University of Colorado. In the first analysis of its kind, they used twenty-five years of satellite data to show current climate models which predict sea levels will rise at an increasing rate are correct. They found that, since 1993, ocean waters have moved up the shore by an additional one millimetre (0.04 inches) per decade. That's on top of a three millimetre (0.1 inch) steady annual increase. This acceleration would means an additional millimetre sea rise per year for each of the coming decades. If the oceans continue to change at this pace, sea levels will rise by 65cm (two feet) by the end of the century. Models that assume the rate of increase remains constant predict a rise of of about 30cm (one foot). New Orleans could become an island guarded by levies and floods ravage parts of the East Coast of the US with far greater frequency. About the results study co-author Dr Gary Mitchum, associate dean and professor at the University of South Florida, said: 'I think this is a game-changer as far as the climate change discussion goes. 'For example, the Tampa Bay area has been identified as one of ten most vulnerable areas in the world to sea level rise and the increasing rate of rise is of great concern.' Rising concentrations of greenhouse gases in Earth's atmosphere increase the temperature of air and water, which causes sea level to rise in two ways. First, warmer water expands, and this thermal expansion of the oceans has contributed about half of the 7cm (2.7 inches) of global average sea level rise observed over the last 25 years Second, melting land ice flows into the ocean, also increasing sea level across the globe. The team looked at satellite altimeter measurements taken since 1992, including data taken from the current Jason-3 satellite mission. Episodes like volcanic eruptions can create variability in their measurements. The eruption of Mount Pinatubo in 1991 decreased the global average sea level just before the Topex/Poseidon satellite launch, for example. In addition, global sea level can fluctuate due to climate patterns such as El Niños and La Niñas, the opposing phases of the El Niño Southern Oscillation (Enso). These events influence ocean temperature and global rainfall patterns. Experts used climate models to account for the volcanic effects and other datasets to determine the Enso effects. This let them uncover the underlying sea-level rate and acceleration over the last quarter of a century. They used data from the Grace satellite gravity mission to determine that the acceleration is largely being driven by melting ice. The team also used tide gauge data to assess potential errors in the altimeter estimate. Tide gauge measurements are essential for determining the uncertainty in the global mean sea level (GMSL) acceleration estimate, according to the team. However, satellites give a better view of sea level rise, because samples are collected over the open ocean, rather than just along the coastline. 'This acceleration, driven mainly by accelerated melting in Greenland and Antarctica, has the potential to double the total sea level rise by 2100 as compared to projections that assume a constant rate,' added Steve Nerem, professor of aerospace engineering sciences at the University of Colorado, who led the study. 'And this is almost certainly a conservative estimate. Our extrapolation assumes that sea level continues to change in the future as it has over the last 25 years. 'Given the large changes we are seeing in the ice sheets today, that's not likely.' The full findings of the study were published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
963135174220402689	2018-02-12 19:38:14	https://t.co/GrCtLkESIQ	When is the Chinese Lantern Festival and what is it? https://t.co/GrCtLkESIQ	 The Chinese Lantern Festival marks the traditional end of the Chinese New Year. More recently, it's become known as the Chinese version of Valentine's Day in some countries. Also known as the Spring Lantern Festival, people traditionally go out to look at the moon on this day, send up flying lanterns, have a meal and enjoy time outdoors with family and friends. Here is all the information about the 2018 Chinese Lantern Festival, including when it is, what it is, its history and how it's celebrated. The Chinese Lantern Festival will take place on Friday, March 2. The festival traditionally takes place on the fifteenth day of the first lunar month of the Chinese calendar. The festival, also known as the Spring Lantern Festival, traditionally marks the last day of Chinese New Year festivities. Paper lanterns are flown and paraded through the streets by children to symbolize the letting go of one’s past self. In recent years, it has become commercialized as the Chinese equivalent of Valentine’s Day in Hong Kong, Taiwan and Malaysia. The history of the Chinese Lantern Festival dates back more than 2,000 years to the Han Dynasty. At the time, Buddhism was growing in popularity in China. Emperor Ming of Han, a supporter of Buddhism, noticed that the Buddhist monks lit lanterns on the fifteenth day of the first lunar month. Ming ordered all temples, homes and the imperial palaces to light lanterns on that particular evening, starting a folk custom that’s lasted for centuries. The event is celebrated with lantern displays around town centers and temples. Light lanterns are also displayed around houses while children carry paper lanterns through the streets at night. Revelers will also send up flying lanterns towards the sky at night and spend time with their friends and family. Setting off fireworks, guessing riddles written on lanterns and dragon dances are also common celebrations for the event. Chinese New Year 2018 begins on Friday, February 16. The exact date of the event changes every year and usually falls on a new full moon between January 21 and February 20. 
963127893705584640	2018-02-12 19:09:18	https://t.co/ppUNTMtp2Q	North Korean athletes at the Winter Olympics are under 24-hour guard to prevent them from defecting https://t.co/ppUNTMtp2Q	 North Korean athletes are reportedly being guarded round the clock at the Winter Olympics in a bid to stop them from defecting. About 500 North Koreans are in PyeongChang in South Korea for the Games, including athletes, officials, cheerleaders but also security officials, minders and informants, CNN reports. But although athletes from the two Koreas marched together carrying a unification flag at the opening ceremony, the reality is said to be far different. Security guards will be keeping guard over athletes at all times to ensure no-one defects to the South, a former North Korean police officer told the network. Scroll down for video Unlike most athletes who bunk with teammates, North Koreans will share their rooms with minders who will be closely monitoring their every move. Security will follow them everywhere they go, including the bathroom, as any defections will cause embarrassment to Kim Jong-un's regime and spark a diplomatic crisis. They will also make note of who athletes speak to and report any suspicious activity back to Pyongchang. Han Seo-hee, an ex-cheerleader who defected from the North in 2006, said any North Korean group sent abroad is divided into three groups – athletes, administrative officials and security members. But although North Korean athletes have defected during competitions before, she says it is unlikely any will do so during such a high-profile event. 'I wouldn't have even considered it,' Seo-hee told CNN. She was picked to be part of a North Korean cheerleading troupe after she performed for the country's late leader, Kim Jong-il. 'It will be the same for the cheerleading squad this time. They have family back home, they know if they defect, their family will be terrified and punished.' According to South Korea's Ministry of Unification, which manages defectors, about 31,000 North Korean defectors have fled to the South. Two North Korean athletes have defected during international competitions. A woman's ice hockey player defected in 1997. Two years later, a judo athlete defected during a competition in Spain. NORTH KOREA AND SOUTH KOREA South Korea has been threatened, mined, shelled, attacked with commandos and submarines and generally trolled by North Korean propaganda mavens almost continuously since the Korean Peninsula was forcibly divided at the end of World War II into a Soviet-backed North and U.S.-backed South. To say the relationship is complicated is an understatement. Throughout this drama, South Koreans have learned to live with Pyongyang and, with some exceptions - war and naval skirmishes, for example - taken it in stride. This past year, however, has seen an extraordinary standoff between a belligerent Kim Jong Un testing nukes and missiles in the North and Donald Trump threatening "fire and fury" in Washington, with Seoul in the middle. Now, during these Olympic Games, Kim Jong Un's sister flew south with an invitation to talk. What happens next may determine if skepticism is replaced by that strangest of political emotions in the southern part of the peninsula - hope. NORTH KOREA AND THE UNITED STATES In a very real way, North Korea owes its existence to the United States, which in an effort to keep the Soviet Union from putting all of the Korean Peninsula under its sphere of influence after Japan's surrender in 1945 came up with the idea of dividing North and South along the 38th parallel. Of course, it wasn't long before North Korea's founder, Kim Il Sung, sent his troops across that line, touching off the 1950-53 Korean War. The U.S. and North Korea have technically been at war ever since. To many Americans, that might come as a surprise. The bloody conflict itself is sometimes called the "Forgotten War" and the fact that a peace treaty has yet to be signed is hardly the focus of U.S. public concern. But in North Korea, the war is both a trauma that older people vividly recall and a political rallying tool second only to the Kim regime's unrelenting vilification of the Japanese, their former colonial rulers. The standoff hasn't cooled despite the end of the Cold War and the collapse of the Soviet Union and Pyongyang's former socialist comrades. But the nature of the confrontation has changed now that Kim Jong Un, Kim Il Sung's grandson, has developed nuclear weapons and missiles capable of attacking the United States. JAPAN AND THE KOREAS In a region where just about every relationship is fraught, this one still stands out. Despite the fact that a lot of Japanese culture made its way to the islands from China via the Korean Peninsula, Japan has a long history of treating Korea as if it were either somehow inferior or destined to be a Japanese colony - which it actually was from 1910-45. For its samurai-era invasions and those decades of colonialism, the Japanese are to this day the favorite villain in North Korean movies. Their embassy in Seoul is subjected to near daily protests, mostly over Tokyo's sexual exploitation of Korean women during World War II. Today, Japan and South Korea have crucial economic ties and share tremendous cultural similarities. The cultural chauvinism hasn't gone away, but mainstream Japanese attitudes toward Koreans have softened. South Korean youth culture - its K-pop and television dramas - are big hits with Japanese women. The resentment and simmering animosity among South Koreans toward the Japanese still runs much deeper, but with time is losing some of its edge. North Korea, however, is a different story. Part of it is the history, and part of it is the politics of dealing with an openly hostile, totalitarian regime. But hatred and mutual distrust remain the rule. CHINA AND NORTH KOREA China has a complex relationship with the two Koreas but a clear overriding goal of maintaining stability and avoiding conflict on its northeastern border. China fought on the North's behalf during the 1950-53 Korean War and has long been its chief diplomatic ally and top trading partner. Yet relations have soured since the rise to power of North Korea's young leader Kim Jong Un, who has defied Beijing's calls to end his country's nuclear weapons program. China in response has signed on to increasingly harsh United Nations sanctions targeting North Korea's foreign trade. Beijing remains committed to avoiding a collapse of Kim's regime. For China, that could bring chaos, refugees and potentially U.S. troops to its border. CHINA AND SOUTH KOREA They fought each other during the 1950-53 Korean War, but South Korea and China have since developed an active relationship rooted in flourishing trade and investment and Seoul's continuing efforts to seek help confronting Pyongyang's nuclear push. Experts believe China wants good ties with South Korea in part to check U.S. influence in the Asia region. A lot of the countries' current friction centers on China's role as North Korea's last remaining major ally. Beijing dislikes the U.S. military presence in South Korea, and called South Korea's installation of a high-tech U.S. anti-missile system meant to counter North Korea a security threat. CHINA AND JAPAN The relationship between China and Japan is one of close economic ties shadowed by enduring political tensions dating to Japan's brutal World War II invasion and occupation of parts of China. Relations sunk to their lowest level in years following Japan's 2012 move to nationalize East China Sea islands claimed by China, setting off anti-Japanese riots in China. Yet Japanese businesses from automakers to department stores are thriving in China, while Chinese visitors flock to Japan for tourism and shopping. Political relations began to recover in 2014 when Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe met with Chinese President Xi Jinping in Beijing. Still, the relationship remains fluid, and it's not uncommon for China to whip up anti-Japanese sentiment when it suits Beijing's political purposes. SOUTH KOREA AND THE UNITED STATES The United States is South Korea's most important security ally. They fought together during the 1950-53 Korean War while China backed North Korea. The war killed about 37,000 American troops, and the United States still deploys about 28,500 soldiers in South Korea to deter potential aggression from the North. America's cultural influence and its big military presence in the country have produced strong anti-U.S. sentiments among some South Koreans who want more equal footing in relations with Washington. China's rise in recent years has led many in South Korea to believe that since Beijing may one day replace Washington as the world's sole superpower, it's time to build more links with China. Both Seoul and Washington worry about North Korea's nuclear threat. But there's long been division in the South on how to resolve that. If the South pushes to expand ties beyond the 2018 Winter Olympics without a North Korean promise of disarmament, it could complicate Seoul's relations with the Trump administration. JAPAN AND THE UNITED STATES They were the worst of enemies. Now they're the staunchest of allies. Japan and the U.S. have deep military and economic ties that have been a source of friction at times but largely bound them closely together in the post-World War II era. The U.S. has 50,000 troops stationed in Japan and is treaty-bound to defend it in case of attack. It's a symbiotic relationship that allows the U.S. to maintain a major presence in the Pacific, including an aircraft carrier south of Tokyo at the home port of the Navy's 7th Fleet. Japan worries that the U.S. commitment to the region could waver in coming years, and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has cultivated close ties with President Donald Trump both on and off the golf course to try to prevent that. Japanese companies are major investors in the United States, from their own auto manufacturing plants to SoftBank's majority stake in wireless provider Sprint. CHINA AND THE UNITED STATES The two countries had no relations whatsoever from 1949, when Mao Zedong's communists took power, to 1979, when Jimmy Carter and Deng Xiaoping established diplomatic ties that have endured through good times and tension ever since. The relationship is usually cordial, but the long game is one of unease: China has long believed the United States is trying to contain it, and Washington views Beijing's economic heft and increasing presence on the world stage as a strategic and economic threat. The United States has long criticized China's human-rights record, and usually meets with outrage from its government for doing so. Beijing is seen as benefiting from U.S. President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership. Washington has continued to push China to get tough on North Korea and continues to oppose China's militarization of islands in the South China Sea. 
963118258407858177	2018-02-12 18:31:01	https://t.co/cXsY7R3gH4	Footage shows the moment ISIS child soldier 'who fought in Raqqa for two years' is captured by anti-Assad rebels https://t.co/cXsY7R3gH4	 This is the disturbing moment a child soldier fighting for ISIS was captured by rebels in northern Syria. The boy, who barely looks old enough to be a teenager, was filmed lying face-down in the dirt after a surprise ISIS attack on the village of al-Khuwain, near Idlib. In the footage the boy is completely calm as he tells the anti-Assad rebels who captured him that he has been with ISIS for two years, and fought in Raqqa. The boy does not even flinch as a rebel fighter approaches him from behind with his weapon hanging by his side. 'Are you going to shoot me?' He asks, according to a translation posted on Twitter by the BBC's Riam Dalati. 'Shoot him,' comes the response from one of the fighters before the video stops. It is not known what became of the boy, though more footage that appeared on the Twitter account Northern Stork shows what appears to be the same boy alive and riding in the back of a truck with other prisoners. It is unclear whether that video was shot before or after the boy was recorded laying on the floor. The boy is believed to have been captured by the Free Syrian Army, which was formed in 2011 by a group of former Assad generals with the aim of toppling the dictator. The Turkish-backed rebels are currently working with forces deployed by Recep Tayyip Erdoğan in northern Syria to recapture villages seized by Kurdish troops. Around 25,000 FSA troops were committed to the operation against the YPG, who were backed by the US as part of the Syrian Democratic Forces, earlier this year. 'The task of the Free Syrian Army is first to regain sixteen Arab towns and villages occupied by the foreign militias (YPG) with the help of the Russian air force,' Major Yasser Abdul Rahim told Reuters. Forces loyal to Bashar al-Assad drove a pocket of ISIS resistance out of northern Hama province last week, allowing the fighters to move north toward Idlib, according to the Qasioun News Agency. It was there that they launched a surprise attack on the FSA on Monday morning, leading to the child being captured. 
963115757159763977	2018-02-12 18:21:04	https://t.co/5mSTdHjjVj	Daughter of 'French Elvis' Johnny Hallyday challenges his will after he left her NOTHING https://t.co/5mSTdHjjVj	 French rock legend Johnny Hallyday did not leave anything at all to the daughter he dedicated his most famous song to – and she is now going to court to try and change his American will. The multi-millionaire 'Gallic Elvis', who died in December aged 74, was expected to look after troubled actress Laura Smet, 34, with his vast fortune. Hallyday, who is viewed as a national legend in his home country, dedicated his smash hit 'Laura' to her in 1986, and the pair were thought to be on good terms. But on Monday her Paris lawyers released a statement saying everything he owned is going to his fifth wife, Laeticia Boudou, and their two adopted Vietnamese daughters Jade, 13, and Joy, nine. It reads: 'Laura Smet has discovered with stupefaction and pain the testament of her father Johnny Hallyday in which the whole of his will and the whole of his artistic rights will be exclusively handed over to his only wife Laeticia, in line with Californian law.' Paris lawyers Temime, Ravans and Sur said in the statement that they would be 'carrying out all legal actions' to challenge the will. It was made out in Los Angeles, where Hallyday lived with his young family towards the end of his life. The American will 'manifestly contravenes the requirements of French law,' the statement reads. If the will remained valid then Hallyday would have left Laura 'no material goods, no rights to his artistic work – not a guitar, not a motorcycle, and not even the signed copy of the song Laura, which is dedicated to her.' Laura was Hallyday's daughter by his four relationship with actress Nathalie Baye, the 69-year-old actor whose numerous films include the 2002 Steven Spielberg movie 'Catch Me If You Can'. Also on the court challenge to Hallyday's will is David Hallyday, 51, and the late singer's first-born child with the singer Sylvie Vartan, 73. Laura Hallyday has suffered from depression and alcoholism in the past, and her relationship with her father was not always smooth. Hallyday, who was born in Paris, shot to fame in in the 1960s, when he was credited with bringing Rock 'n' Roll to France. During a hugely successful career spanning almost 60 years, he sold more than 110 million records, and released 79 albums. Among his fans was French president Emmanuel Macron, who said Hallyday's death from cancer marked the demise of a 'vibrant icon'. 
963113244717133824	2018-02-12 18:11:05	https://t.co/NFZFMPiVaf	A psychologist explains how animals reduce stress and even make us feel less physical pain https://t.co/NFZFMPiVaf	 We've known that pets can provide an important part of healthcare since the ninth century. The 'human-animal' bond has been used for hundreds of years to help people recover from many different types of illness. In fact, new research published in BMC Psychiatry today found unequivocally that pets boost mental health. A team of researchers from three British universities (Manchester, Liverpool and Southampton) has carried out a review of studies on pets. The analysis of 17 international papers looked at the quality of a pet's impact on human beings, and how much they affect us - for better or worse. Each paper emphasized the intense relationship between owner and pet - without exception. All pet owners assessed in each of the 17 studies found their pet helped them deal with everyday life emotionally, especially in a crisis. These findings have informed healthcare, leading to a surge of therapies that involve animals. Pet therapy, also called animal assisted interventions or therapy, has been used for people with physical illness and those with mental health conditions. But pet therapy is also good for people without health problems as a way to increase activity and manage stress. A wide variety of animals have been used in pet therapy programs, most often dogs but also cats, kittens, birds and horses (known as equine-facilitated psychotherapy or hippotherapy). These therapies are overseen by trained and qualified therapists in healthcare settings such as hospitals, clinics and care homes. Pets reduce our stress Interacting, or even simply being in the presence of animals can have a calming effect. This is because we as humans are naturally drawn to other living things for our survival. By focusing on the other types of animals in our surroundings we would have been able to better understand our environment. We then used animals to help us, for instance domesticating dogs for hunting and training horses for transport. In the modern day, animals can open-up avenues for personal growth, offer the experience of unconditional love and the opportunity to care for another living creature. Studies have shown that tangible measures of stress such as heart rate and skin temperature can be affected by pet therapy. Also, subjective feelings of stress are often lessened following time spent with pets. Pets can help us to control pain Pain can be debilitating for many people, especially those who have had orthopedic problems. To see whether pet therapy could help these patients, researchers looked at seventy-two people who had hip and knee surgery either received standard physiotherapy or physiotherapy with pet therapy as part of their post-operative rehabilitation. In this study, the same dog was used for all the patients – he was a 5-year-old curly-coated retriever called Holden who was certified therapy dog. Patients in the pet therapy group were visited by Holden and his handler for 15 minutes in the days after surgery. Both those in the physiotherapy group and pet therapy group were discharged three days after their operations. The patients who interacted with Holden reported less pain and were more satisfied with their stay in hospital after their surgical procedures. This shows that even a brief time with pets can have a substantial impact on health and well-being. Pets help our mental health Spending time with animals and caring for them can make us feel good. But pet therapy can also help people with acute psychiatric conditions such as anxiety and eating disorders, psychosis and mood disorders. A study with 230 patients who were in hospital with mental health disorders found that just a single pet therapy session reduced anxiety. Only patients with mood disorders saw improvements in anxiety levels with standard care, whereas all groups of diagnoses benefited from the single session of pet therapy. In children and adolescents with mental health conditions, pet therapy improved young people's day-to-day functioning and also helped them get back into school. Pets help children in hospital Spending time in hospital as a child can be really tough, for both the children and their families. So it's important that some semblance of normality is included in hospital life, and this can be achieved with both play and pet therapy. Researchers have looked at children with chronic disorders such as cancer, cystic fibrosis, diabetes, and organ transplant. These children were visited within hospital once a week by dogs. Seeing the animals not only boosted the kids' mood at the time of the visit, but the boys and girls also experienced feel-good anticipation to see their 'pet pals'. This pet therapy helped the children to focus less on being ill, offering some relief from life in hospital. Pets help older people Isolation is a growing and serious problem for older people. As we live longer and rarely in inter-generational homes with other relatives, loneliness and depression has become a significant issue for older people and also for as a society as a whole. Pet therapy has been studied in residents of nursing homes and been found to improve mood, boost social interaction and reduce feelings of apathy in residents. The human-dog interaction in this research was also an effective way to prevent social isolation. An Italian study looked at people with Alzheimer's disease over a six-month period. Twenty patients received a structured pet therapy program that aimed to help attention, language and also spatial orientation – all of which are known to become progressively impaired in Alzheimer's disease. In this program, the patients were asked to play games with their therapy dog such as fetch and 'hide the ball'. These games use cognitive skills and require attention to the task. Also, the patients had to care for the dog which again takes cognitive ability. Compared with people who didn't receive the pet therapy, those who interacting with a dog were less depressed and had better cognitive function. Their improvements were even superior to people who had a specialist rehabilitative therapy. Spending time with animals may help people with terminal illness A small study looking at fifteen people with terminal illness found that animals helped patients in the final stages of life. Volunteers brought kittens, cats, puppies, and dogs to a specialist nursing care center. The patients in this center had stopped receiving medical treatment for cancer. After two visits, the patients said that they felt less anxious and their level of despair also decreased. The animals also seemed to help these patients move through the stages of death by allowing them to let go of past relationships. The patients who already showed more warmth, humour, creativity, openness to enjoyment, and empathy gained the most from having pets visit in the nursing centre. Therefore, for some people with a terminal illness, offering time with animals may be an important part of their end of life care. FINAL WORD There has been much bad press about pets recently – for instance the fear that we can catch flu from domestic dogs and dog attacks. These cases are rare and it's very unlikely that dog flu can be transmitted to humans. We can gain much in terms of health and well-being by spending time with our animal friends. But it must be kept in mind that pets are a big responsibility. So, think carefully before taking one into your home. There are ways to gain the benefits of having a pet without the long-term commitment such as BorrowMyDoggy which matches dog owners with 'borrowers' in their local area. For cat lovers, Borrow Pets asks people within local communities to care for pets while owners are away or at work. Other types of pets such as rodents and reptiles are posted on this site, but less often. The animal charity Blue Cross also has a pet fostering program. Pet foster carers look after animals until they can be rehomed. Sometimes these animals will be recovering from operations, may be too young to be permanently rehomed or find the pet center environment too difficult. Blue Cross train their foster carers and provide any equipment or medication that the pets need. The charity give advice to foster carers if there are any difficulties during the foster placement.
963110733339856896	2018-02-12 18:01:07	https://t.co/Z3vcROVlbv	Thousands of desperate Venezuelans are trying to enter Colombia in a bid to escape the hunger and soaring crime https://t.co/Z3vcROVlbv	 Thousands of desperate Venezuelans are trying to enter Colombia in a bid to escape the hunger and soaring crime rate caused by the spiralling economic crisis. Incredible pictures show the mass exodus of refugees crossing the Simon Bolivar international bridge trying to flee the political crisis threatening to engulf Venezuela. Colombia - along with its neighbour Brazil - has sent extra soldiers to patrol their porous border with the country after officially taking in more than half a million migrants over the last six months of 2017. The country is also tightening its border controls in a bid to stem the flow. The dire economic conditions have led to lawlessness in parts of Venezuela's capital Caracas, with truck drivers subjected to 'Mad Max' violence as looters target heavy goods vehicles carrying food. Scroll down for video According to Reuters, there were 162 lootings across Venezuela in January, including 42 robberies of trucks. That is compared to just eight lootings, including one truck robbery, 12 months ago. Last month, eight people were killed in lootings. Venezuela has one of the world's highest murder rates and the attacks are pushing up food and transport costs. The truckers are not allowed to carry guns so have resorted to forming convoys to protect themselves. They text each other warnings about potential trouble spots and keep moving as fast as possible. Massive numbers of Venezuelans have been driven from their homes by a dire financial crisis that has seen many struggling to feed themselves. But the mass migration arrives at a challenging time for Colombia and lawmakers have moved to tighten border controls. In a visit to a border city at the epicenter of Colombia's mounting migration crisis, President Juan Manuel Santos on Thursday announced new measures that could make it more difficult for Venezuelan migrants to cross into the country illegally or remain there without any official status. 'Colombia has never lived a situation like the one we are encountering today,' Santos said. Migration into Colombia has surged as Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has moved to consolidate his rule and the nation's economy plummets. Colombia migration authorities say there are an estimated 600,000 Venezuelans currently in Colombia - double the number six months ago. Venezuela exile associations and some border city officials have said they believe that number is higher. The unprecedented migration wave is putting strains on Colombia at a delicate time in its history. The nation is crawling out of a five-decade-long armed conflict following the signing of a peace deal with leftist rebels in 2016. Many of the Venezuelans are arriving illegally and in need of medical attention. 'This is a tragedy,' Santos said. 'And I want to reiterate to President Maduro: This is the result of your policies.' More than 2,000 additional military officers will be deployed to control the hundreds of dirt-road crossings known as 'trochas' that dot Colombia's 1,370-mile (2,200-kilometer) border with Venezuela. A new migration patrol unit will also police public spaces where Venezuelan arrivals congregate, provide them orientation and to control issues like prostitution that have surfaced in the migration wave's wake. 
963108208998076418	2018-02-12 17:51:05	https://t.co/tbNfPcoWRj	'Astonishing' study shows this rocket-based game stops patients hearing voices in their head https://t.co/tbNfPcoWRj	 A high-tech computer game linked up to brain scanners has been used to stop people hearing voices in their head. Experts at King’s College London managed to use the technology to treat people with schizophrenia, in a major psychiatric breakthrough. Hearing voices - known as ‘verbal hallucinations’ - is highly distressing and a third of patients do not respond to medications. The 'astonishing' new technology involves using live MRI brain scans which monitor the part of the brain that responds to speech and human voices. That part of the brain - the superior temporal gyrus - goes hyperactive when schizophrenic patients suffer verbal hallucinations. Scientists linked the MRI scans to a simple computer game, in which a rocket soars into the air when the superior temporal gyrus goes into overdrive, and flies back to Earth when it is less active. The researchers, whose work is published in the Translational Psychiatry journal, found they could use the system to teach people to turn off the voices in their head. A pilot study of 12 patients, each of whom experienced verbal hallucinations on a daily basis, showed it was highly successful. The participants were instructed to land the rocket by bringing it down to earth. They were given no instructions about how to move the rocket - and instead patients were asked to develop their own mental strategies to move it. It is the first time the technique, called a ‘neurofeedback’ system, have been shown to work for verbal hallucinations. Crucially, after using the machine four times the participants learned how to switch off the voices even when they were no longer hooked up to the system. The researchers believe these strategies will help them for the rest of their lives. Figures suggest around 1 per cent of the world population suffer with schizophrenia, with 220,000 diagnosed in England and Wales and around two million in the US. Seven in ten hear voices at some point, making auditory hallucinations of the most common symptoms. These voices, may be 'heard' as having a variety of different characteristics, for example as friendly or threatening. Hearing voices - known as ‘verbal hallucinations’ - is highly distressing and a third of patients do not respond to medications. Researcher Dr Natasza Orlov from King’s said: ‘We encouraged our patients to use the same control strategies that they learnt in the MRI scanner at home. ‘The patients know when the voices are about to start – they can feel it, so we want them to immediately put this aid into effect to lessen them, or stop the voices completely. ‘Our study has shown that people with schizophrenia can learn some sort of mental strategy to help their symptoms – something which several years of medication has not helped with.’ She aded: ‘Although the study sample size is small and we lacked a control group, these results are promising. We are now planning to conduct a randomised controlled study to test this technique in a larger sample.’ Fellow researcher Professor Paul Allen, from the University of Roehampton, added: ‘The results of this pilot are astonishing as almost everyone in the patient group was able to control the space rocket, successfully bringing the rocket in the game back down to the ground. ‘What this means is that by using this technique, patients learnt to control brain activity in the area of the brain that responds to voices - an area we know is hyperactive in people whom experience auditory verbal hallucinations. ‘These are still early days in our research, however, patients who took part in the pilot study have told us that the training has helped them to calm their external voices down, so that they were able to internalise them more.’ 
963105703530520576	2018-02-12 17:41:08	https://t.co/KTEX41bG6e	Cancer-fighting nanorobots have been programmed to shrink tumors in the body https://t.co/KTEX41bG6e	 Microscopic robots may soon be used to target and destroy tumors, new research suggests. Researchers at Arizona State University programmed specially designed sheets of DNA - a thousand times smaller than a human hair - to flow through the bloodstream straight to tumors in mice, and cut off blood flow to them. The new technology was even more effective than they had predicted, shrinking tumors into nothing in mere days in the sick mice they treated. The authors hope that now that their method has proven not only effective but safe in mice, it may soon revolutionize targeted cancer treatment in humans. Cancer is challenging to treat for many reasons, but chief among these is the difficulty in destroying only those cells in our bodies that have turned against us without damaging the healthy ones. Chemotherapy and radiation treatments have proven very effective in shrinking many kinds of tumors. Both forms of treatment are effective because they target quickly replicating or multiplying cells, but cancer cells are not the only ones that behave this way, so healthy tissues take a hit too. These treatments cause severe side effects that can be debilitating and weaken the immune system, making them far from ideal. Recent cancer research is largely focused on trying to target only cancer cells, which is where so-called nanorobots come in. These robots are not really anything like mechanical AIs. Instead, they are called 'robots' because they are programmed to do very specific, unique tasks. Nanorobots are built out of organic materials – in this case, DNA. Scientists use chunks of DNA to make sheets that they can then fold, origami-style, into whatever shapes, sizes and kinds of structures they need in order to perform a particular task. In the Arizona State University (ASU) study, the researchers shaped the DNA into cancer-seekers and attached a blood-clotting enzyme, called thrombin, to their molecular guiding system. Thrombin can block tumor blood flow by clotting the blood within the vessels that feed it - causing a sort of mini-heart attack for the cancer killing the tissue. Dr Hao Yan, of Arizona State University, said: 'We have developed the first fully autonomous, DNA robotic system for a very precise drug design and targeted cancer therapy. 'Moreover, this technology is a strategy that can be used for many types of cancer, since all solid tumor-feeding blood vessels are essentially the same.' He is an expert in the field which in the past two decades has developed atomic-scale manufacturing to build more and more complex structures. It's expected to revolutionise computing, electronics and medicine - such as making minuscule, molecule-sized nanoparticles to diagnose and treat difficult diseases, especially cancer. This could happen even sooner than expected after Dr Yan's expertise upgraded the nanomedicine design to be a fully programmable robotic system able to perform its mission entirely on its own - rather than having to be controlled by scientists. Dr Baoquan Ding, of the National Center for Nanoscience and Technology (NCNST) in Beijing, said: 'These nanorobots can be programmed to transport molecular payloads and cause on-site tumor blood supply blockages, which can lead to tissue death and shrink the tumor.' In the study, published in Nature Biotechnology, human cancer cells were injected into a mouse to induce aggressive tumor growth. Once the tumor was growing, the nanorobots were deployed to come to the rescue. First, an average of four thrombin molecules was attached to a flat DNA scaffold. Next, the flat sheet was folded in on itself like a sheet of paper into a circle to make a hollow tube. They were injected within a mouse and traveled throughout the bloodstream - homing in on the tumors. The key to programming a nanorobot that only attacks a cancer cell was to include a special payload on its surface, called a DNA aptamer. The DNA aptamer could specifically target a protein, called nucleolin, that is made in high amounts only on the surface of tumor cells - and not healthy ones. The nanorobots worked fast, congregating in large numbers to quickly surround the tumor just hours after injection. Lead scientist Dr Yuliang Zhao, also of NCNST, said: 'The nanorobot proved to be safe and immunologically inert for use in normal mice and, also in Bama miniature pigs, showing no detectable changes in normal blood coagulation or cell morphology.' Most importantly, there was no evidence of the nanorobots spreading into the brain where they could cause unwanted side effects, such as a stroke. The treatment blocked tumor blood supply and generated damage within 24 hours while having no effect on healthy tissues. After attacking tumors, most of the nanorobots were cleared and degraded from the body after 24 hours. By two days, there was evidence of advanced thrombosis, and 3 days, thrombi in all tumor vessels were observed. The key is to trigger thrombin only when it is inside tumor blood vessels. In the melanoma mouse model, three out of eight mice receiving the nanorobot therapy showed complete regression of the tumors. The median survival time more than doubled, extending from 20.5 to 45 days. They also tried their system in a test of a primary mouse lung cancer model, which mimics the human clinical course of lung cancer patients. They showed shrinkage of tumour tissues after a two-week treatment. Dr Yan said: 'The thrombin delivery DNA nanorobot constitutes a major advance in the application of DNA nanotechnology for cancer therapy. 'In a melanoma mouse model, the nanorobot not only affected the primary tumour but also prevented the formation of metastasis (spread), showing promising therapeutic potential. 'I think we are much closer to real, practical medical applications of the technology. 'Furthermore, the current strategy may be developed as a drug delivery platform for the treatment of other diseases by modification of the geometry of the nanostructures, the targeting groups and the loaded cargoes.'
963103187707277315	2018-02-12 17:31:08	https://t.co/geZoeIRwFk	Tiny male python and the massive 20ft female he was mating with are killed and cooked up by hungry villagers https://t.co/geZoeIRwFk	 A massive 20 foot female python and the tiny male it was mating with were killed by hungry villagers who chopped up the creatures and cooked them in a stir fry. Locals on the Malaysian island of Borneo found the pair inside a fallen tree while they were on a hunting trip last Saturday. As they passed, the group heard strange noises coming from inside the dried out hollow log. Using a chainsaw they cut through the bark and were thrilled to see the romping reptiles - which are considered a delicacy in the remote Sarawak region Several men dragged the beasts out before they were shot and hauled on to a truck. Later they were served up to hungry townsfolk. Prepared according to local custom, python is grilled over a fire or fried in a pan with vegetables then eaten with rice. Delighted Tinsung Ujang, 60, who found the pair, said villagers in the town of Bintulu near the Kelawit River would feast on the meat for days. He said: 'I looked down into the hole in the wood and was surprised to see the female mating with a smaller male snake. 'We had to split the timber to reach them and it was difficult to remove the snakes because of their size and the position. They were locked together. 'I was even more surprised because I have never seen snakes mating before and never seen a giant python that was more than five metres long like this. The male python was quite small. 'It was an amazing occurrence and I proceeded to shoot the two reptiles because for our community it is an exotic dish that is also our favourite dish.' Tinsung said when he returned to town with the pythons on the back of a pick-up truck he was greeted with cheers. 'The snake meat was then divided and its share was distributed equally to villagers and nearby farm workers.' Reticulated pythons, a species found in Southeast Asia, are the worlds longest and largest snakes. They are excellent swimmers and, like all pythons, are non venomous constrictors. 
963103032127913984	2018-02-12 17:30:31	https://t.co/oNF0wp8ZYL	Meet North Korean ‘army of beauties’ in charm offensive https://t.co/oNF0wp8ZYL	 It was minutes before the highly-anticipated unified Korea women's hockey team debut against Switzerland when North Korean cheerleaders stole the show over the weekend. Decked out in matching red outfits, the young North Korean 'army of beauties' burst into a perfectly choreographed routine in the South Korean city of Gangneung. The crowd was instantly transfixed as the group swayed in unison and sung songs in Korean as they waved small unified Korean Peninsula flags to the delight of the home crowd. But, there is a darker side to this display of warmth as they'll go to prison if they put a foot wrong. The squad are under strict instructions to report any conversations they have with South Koreans to the authorities during their stay and have daily meetings with officials. In 2006, twenty-one members of North Korean cheering squads who traveled to South Korea for sports events were sent to a prison camp for talking about what they saw in the South. The female squad apparently violated a pledge not to speak about what they saw in South Korea. North Korean leader Kim Jung Un deployed the women to be part of the nation's official delegation to the Games and cheer on their country. The country's participation was not assured until a few weeks before the games opened. When it was confirmed the country would be involved, North Korea announced that it would be sending the controversial cheerleaders. Despite the team being seriously outplayed by Switzerland, the squad reportedly clapped and chanted in unison 'Go, Fight, Win!', as the team, made up of players from both North and South Korea, took to the ice together for the first time in Olympic history. The crowd were also treated to 'Ban gap seup nee da' or 'Nice to meet you' which is traditionally performed during meetings between the North and South civilians. Kim Yo Jong, Kim Jung Un's younger sister was also there and enjoyed the performance from the stand. She left the young cheer squad to travel to Seoung, where South Korea accommodated North Korean government officials,on her brother's private jet to continue Pyongyang's charm offensive which aims to end seven decades of hostility. Kim Yo Jong, 30, is an increasingly prominent figure Kim Jung Un's government and the first member of the North's ruling family to visit the South since the end of the Korean War in 1953. It has been speculated that the visit to Seoul is a weapon to drive a wedge between Seoul and it's American ally. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis rejected any suggestion that even a temporary warming of relations between the North and South could drive a wedge between Seoul and Washington. He said: 'If using the Olympics in a way to reduce tension – if that's going to have any traction once the Olympics are over. We can't say right now.' Korea has been known to deploy attractive women as a propaganda tool to project it's image to other countries. The 229 young women arrived sporting matching scarlet coats and pelt hats have arrived in South Korea last week. They crossed the Demilitarized Zone that divides the two Koreas at the Dorasan border post north of Seoul. Despite being guarded by heavy security the girls seemed jovial, even stopping to exchange words with South Korean journalists. There is a tough screening process to join the cheer squad. Women must be deemed attractive enough by the state and in their late teens to early 20's. They are said to be picked from Pyongyang universities and upper class families who are loyal to the regime. There is also a difficult screening process. According to North Korean defectors cited in the media, women need to be over 1.65 m bar those with exceptionally good looks. Girls with family members living abroad are automatically disqualified as they are a flight risk. The Korean team was beaten 8-0 to Switzerland as the team of young women reportedly sat silently, almost indifferent to the scoreboard. 
963097918755483650	2018-02-12 17:10:11	https://t.co/KNIi2hbeYU	Winter Olympics fans go wild for Russian curler, 25, thanks to her VERY passionate displays on the ice https://t.co/KNIi2hbeYU	 Curling may not be the most popular Winter Olympic sports but it looks set to gain a whole new fan base thanks to a very glamorous competitor who has been wowing fans on Twitter. Russian curler Anastasia Bryzgalova, 25, has set pulses racing among viewers who are glued to proceedings in Pyeongchang who have been impressed not only by her prowess on the ice but her piercing stare, which makes her look like 'she can burn holes in the sheet with her eyes'. Admirers on Twitter have compared her to some of the world's most beautiful women including Adriana Lima, Megan Fox and Angelina Jolie. Scroll down for video The athlete married her curling partner Alexander Krushelnitskiy in June 2017 and the couple enjoyed a sun soaked honeymoon in Spain. The pair won the 2016 World Mixed Doubles Curling Championship in Karlstad, Sweden. Anastasia took up the sport in 2009 after being attracted by an advertisement for a curling club at an ice sports complex and has a master's degree from the Lesgaft National State University of Physical Education, Sport and Health. Away from the ice rink, the athlete hones her figure with weightlifting in the gym and volleyball, delighting Instagram fans with her bikini-clad snaps on Instagram. Although Russia is not officially competing in the Games in the wake of the nation's state-sponsored doping scandal. However, 168 evidently clean athletes are taking part under the banner of 'Olympic Athlete from Russia', wearing neutral colours. Mixed doubles curling is one of four new events in the 2018 Winter Olympics and was the first to kick off official competition last Thursday. Anastasia and Alexander were beaten in their first batch by siblings Becca and Matt Hamilton from the US and became visibly agitated with each other following some missed shots. 
963093876566364171	2018-02-12 16:54:08	https://t.co/WkexgHlLo6	Lonely ‘Romeo’ frog gets an online dating profile in the hope of finding a mate to save his species https://t.co/WkexgHlLo6	 Romeo, an 11-year-old frog from Cochabamba City, Bolivia, has been given his own online dating profile in a bid to save his species. The Sehuencas water frog, who is the last known individual of his species, has not had a partner for more than 10 years. Conservation groups have teamed up with Match.com to give Romeo a platform and raise awareness for his story as well as funds for an expedition to find him a mate. If all else fails, one of the researchers on the project wont rule out cloning as a means of preserving this amphibian species which, like many others, is threatened by climate change, habitat loss and other environmental and ecological issues. Scroll down for video According to AFP, Romeo has been calling for a mate from his tank at the Cochabamba Natural History Museum for years. Match.com teamed up with Global Wildlife Conservation (GWC) and the Bolivian Amphibian Initiative in an effort to find a mate for Romeo. 'We don't want him to lose hope,' said Arturo Munoz, a conservation scientist associated with the Global Wildlife Conservation group. According to the GWC, when biologists in Bolivia brought the Sehuencas frog into captivity ten years ago, they knew the species was likely in trouble, but didn't know they wouldn't be able to find another of the species by now. The GWC aims to raise $15,000 (£10,850) before Valentine's Day to fund biologists to find a mate for Romeo in the field, and Match.com will match each donation from February 9 until Valentine's Day. The Bolivian Amphibian Initiative aims to send 10 expeditions to the streams and rivers where the Sehuencas water frog was once common to look for individuals to start a conservation breeding program. 'We continue to remain hopeful that others are out there so we can establish a conservation breeding programme to save this species,' said Munoz. Sehuencas frogs live for about 15 years, which means Romeo has about four years left to find a mate to continue his species. Romeo is a shy creature, usually hiding under rocks in his enclosure. He emerges only at feeding time, with earthworms and snails among his favourite snacks. If Romeo dies without finding a mate, he could follow the route of 'Lonesome George,' a childless Galapagos tortoise who died in 2012, taking his entire subspecies with him. The Sehuencas water frog (Telmatobius yuracare) is a species of frog that occurs in the eastern Andes of Bolivia at 2,000-3,000 metres (6,561-9,842 feet) above sea level. It is an aquatic frog species that lives on the bottom of small streams or rivers, and in ponds, in montane cloud forest and Yungas forest. It is though that it breeds in water by larval development. The species has likely declines due to habitat loss and degradation due to agriculture and logging, as well as water pollution. Chytridiomycosis, an infectious fungal diseases that affects amphibians worldwide, is also a potential threat. Although the species is currently listed is vulnerable on the IUCN red list, this is based on an assessment from 2004, and researchers with the Global Wildlife Conservation (GWC) and the Bolivian Amphibian Initiative say that an 11-year-old male Sehuencas frog named Romeo is the last of his species. Source: The IUCN Red List of Threatened Species A video introducing Romeo on his Match.com profile shows the frog swimming around, with a narrator explaining his story in the first person. 'Hi there. I'm Romeo, a Sehuencas water frog from Bolivia,' says a Spanish-accented voice. 'I'm a pretty simple guy. I tend to keep to myself and love spending nights at home. I also love eating. then again, who doesn't?" His mobile phone profile, also shown in the video, shows a big-eyed, pouting cartoon frog posing seductively, with the words: 'Looking for my Juliet.' Romeo's relationship status is listed as 'never married' with 'no' kids. 'I bet you're wondering what is a frog like me doing in a place like this?' the video continues. 'Well, I'm here to find my match, just like you. Except, my situation is a bit more... urgent.' When Romeo was collected 10 years ago, said Munoz, 'we knew the Sehuencas water frog, like other amphibians in Bolivia, was in trouble, but we had no idea we wouldn't be able to find a single other individual in all this time. 'Romeo started to call for a mate about a year after he was brought into captivity, but those calls have slowed in the last few years.' Compared to other frogs in his genus, Romeo has an especially musical mating call, and has taught biologists much about his species, according to Munoz. If the partnership can raise enough money for travel and equipment, the team of scientists hopes to launch 10 expeditions to locations where the species was once common, as well as similar habitats, or places where nobody has looked before. They will also scour streams and rivers for DNA evidence that the Sehuencas water frog may still be there, even if individuals cannot be tracked down. If all else fails, Munoz does not rule out cloning as a means of preserving this amphibian species which, like many others, is threatened by climate change, habitat loss, alien predatory species introduced to rivers, and a fungus blamed for frog extinctions worldwide. "So, if you believe in love and want to help an old frog out, please donate to my cause," Romeo's video concludes. 
963091095298236416	2018-02-12 16:43:05	https://t.co/3njNxfVnpu	How to beat the curse of puffy eyelids https://t.co/3njNxfVnpu	 Q. Can anything be done to banish my puffy-looking eyelids? Both of my sisters suffer from them too. They are particularly bad in the mornings! A. Because it’s worse in the morning, I will assume your puffiness is due to water retention and not fat deposits (which can be surgically removed, or counterbalanced with filler injections). Oculoplastic surgeon Sabrina Shah-Desai, of London’s Perfect Eyes Clinic, suggests seeking advice from an eye doctor such as herself. This is to check there are no allergies — or thyroid, renal or sinus issues — that could be causing the bloating and require treatment. Meanwhile, there are a couple of simple remedies you could try. Reduce your salt intake and elevate your head on an extra pillow at night — both can really improve morning puff. Ultimately, however, you want to increase the blood flow in the area and the lymphatic fluid drainage from it. HydraFacial, which treats skin with a mechanical vacuum and pressurised water spiked with skincare ingredients to exfoliate and plump, does this job painlessly. Sabrina offers a full facial including the eye area for £160, while HydraFacial Perk treatments exclusively for eyes cost from £40 nationwide (search on perkskincare.co.uk to find salons). Ingeborg van Lotringen is beauty director at Cosmopolitan. Email questions to ingevanlotringen@dailymail.co.uk.
963085327878492162	2018-02-12 16:20:10	https://t.co/h2gBLhWieP	Range Rover's new hybrid SUV tackles China's deadly Tianmen Mountain https://t.co/h2gBLhWieP	 An electric Range Rover Sport has climbed its own stairway to Heaven to become the first off-roader to ascend the death-defyingly steep 99 hairpin turns and 999-steps of one of China’s most revered national landmarks. A far cry from the school run, the showroom-standard five-seater British P400e plug-in hybrid 4X4 became the first SUV in the world to make the epic ascent to the top of the ‘Heaven’s Gate’ steps in Hunan Province at the climax of tackling one of China’s and the world’s most challenging and twisting highways. The challenge began at the bottom of the legendary serpentine seven-mile Tianmen Mountain Road - known as the Dragon Road – with 99 treacherous hair-pin bends snaking like a dragon’s tail. Scroll down for video The epic finale was climbing the 45-degree angle staircase of 999 steps leading from the road the peak of China’s legendary Heaven’s Gate natural rock arch using a combination of petrol and electric battery power. The epic climb – achieved in under 23 minutes - was made by Panasonic Jaguar Formula-E electric car racing driver and test driver Ho-Pin Tung behind the wheel of a Range Rover Sport PHEV petrol-electric SUV. The Solihull-built 4X4 costs from £70,800 and can run on zero-emission electric power only for up to 31 miles and be fully charged from the mains in under three hours. The driver was warned before-hand by colleagues that the feat was ‘crazy’ and ‘unheard of’, and more ominously by one Chinese official: ‘If he crashes, he will die.’ But as he emerged through mountain mist to land victorious on the the top of the peak after navigating the 99 hair-pin bends on the road plus the 999 steps to the summit of Heaven’s Gate in a total of 22 minutes and 41 seconds, he said: ’I’m still shaking. The adrenalin is something I’ve never experienced before. The mountain very generously gave us one shot to make it up here.’ He added: ‘I’ve experienced Formula E, Formula 1 and won at the 24 Hours of Le Mans but this was without doubt one of the most demanding driving challenges I’ve ever faced. ‘The Range Rover Sport PHEV performed brilliantly as it inspired real confidence on the mountain road and climbed the stairs up to Heaven’s Gate effortlessly.’ He said he combination of the petrol engine and electric motor helped make short work of the road section of the challenge before showing its uncompromised all-terrain credentials by climbing the steep staircase to the natural rock arch. Once at the end of the hair-pin road section, the driver set the Range Rover Sport’s Terrain Response system in dynamic mode to tackle the steep 999-step second stage of the challenge to conquer Heaven’s Gate. Trying to navigate the steps in an enormous two-tonne off-roader with nothing but a view of the 432-foot Tianmen cave - the natural hole in the mountain - and the sky sounds like a fairly unenviable task to us. A spokesman for Land Rover said: ‘A dizzying 99 turns and 999 daunting steps didn’t stop the new Range Rover Sport PHEV from completing a world-first at one of China’s most famous landmarks. 'The petrol-electric performance SUV has become the first vehicle to climb the stairs to the natural rock arch of Heaven’s Gate.’ The feat was carried out in China to celebrate the expansion of the UK car-maker – owned by India’s giant TATA industrial group - into the Chinese market in a joint venture with that country’s car-maker Chery. On sale: Now (first deliveries in Spring) Price: From £70,800 (P400e in HSE trim) Length: 4,879mm Height: 1,802mm Width: 1,983mm Engine: 2.0 litre Ingenium 300PS horse-power (296hp) turbo-charged 4-cylinder petrol engine Electric motor: 85kW electric motor (110PS) Total power: 410 horse-power (404bhp) Range on battery power only: 31miles Battery: High voltage lithium ion Full charging time: Rapid charge (on 32Amp charger): 2 hours 45 minutes Domestic charge (10Amp): 7 hours 30 minutes Top speed: 137mph 0-60mph: 6.3 seconds Gears: 8-speed auto with manual overdrive CO2 emissions: 64g/km Land Rover Experience expert Phil Jones said: ‘This was the hardest Range Rover Sport challenge I’ve ever been involved with because, until we reached the top, we couldn’t categorically say we would succeed. 'By making it to the summit, we’ve proven the phenomenal capability of the Range Rover Sport plug-in hybrid like never before – with a genuine world first.’ The Dragon Challenge is the latest in a series of adventures completed by the Range Rover Sport including a record-setting hill-climb at Pikes Peak, USA, a record crossing of the Empty Quarter desert in the Arabian Peninsula and a 2,170m descent of the legendary Inferno downhill course in Mürren, Switzerland. It also raced against two-time open-water swimming world champion Keri-Anne Payne and endurance athlete Ross Edgley in Devon. The Range Rover Sport Engine P400e is powered by a 2.0 litre Ingenium 300 (PS) horse-power (296hp) turbo-charged 4-cylinder petrol engine linked to an 85kW 110 horse-power electric motor and an eight-speed automatic gear-box. Total power is 410 horse-power (404bhp), equivalent to four Ford Fiestas. It accelerates from rest to 60mph: 6.3 seconds up to a top speed of 137mph. It can run in zero-emissions electric power only for up to 31 miles, and overall average emissions are just 64g/km. A full rapid charge on a more powerful 32Amp charger takes 2 hours 45 minutes, increasing to 7 hours and 30 minutes from a standard domestic 10 Amp source. Jaguar Land Rover’s joint venture with China’s Chery Automobile Ltd has led to 100,000 vehicles being produced since the opening three years ago of the plant in Changshu, which has an initial capacity for vehicle and engine manufacturing of 130,000 units per year. The factory produces Range Rover Evoque, Land Rover Discovery, the Jaguar XFL and XEL (exclusive for the Chinese market). A second phase of investment will take the overall capacity to 200,000 vehicles The new Jaguar E-PACE will be manufactured there from this year onwards. Jaguar Land Rover is also building the Ingenium 2.0L four-cylinder petrol engine at its new China plant, as well as at its UK factory in Wolverhampton. 
963083300012281857	2018-02-12 16:12:06	https://t.co/626nnTD51L	'How to spot a gay' checklist is published by a leading newspaper in Malaysia where homosexuality is still illegal https://t.co/626nnTD51L	 A leading newspaper in Malaysia has published a guide on how to identify gay and lesbian people, drawing criticism from activists who say the checklist puts lives at risk. The article, featured in the daily newspaper Sinar Harian, features bullets points highlighting qualities that are supposedly common in gay and lesbian people. It suggests that gay men can be spotted by their beard and love of the gym - not for exercise but to admire other men. The piece also picked out branded clothing as an indicator of homosexuality. Gay men's eyes light up when they see handsome men, the story claimed. And Lesbians, the newspaper said, tend to hug one another, hold hands and belittle men. Homosexuality is illegal in Malaysia and carries a sentence of up to 20 years under colonial-era sodomy laws. It says gay men... It says lesbian women... Activitist and social media star Arwind Kumar lashed out at the article, arguing in a video that 'there are much more important issues in this country which need to be addressed'. 'If you really want to educate society then explain to them the traits of a paedophile, a molester, a murderer, a kidnapper, people who actually endanger the lives of others. How the hell does a gay person endanger your life?' Kumar's video, uploaded to YouTube, has been viewed by more than 100,000 people. Kumar took the article's writers to task, mocking the idea that facial hair was an indicator of sexual preference. 'I know a lot of priests, I know a lot of [Islamic scholars], I know a lot of of really, really religious people who love keeping beards. Are you trying to say they are gay? That's how stupid this is,' he said. The increasingly poor treatment of gay, lesbian and transgender people in Malaysia is being driven in part by the increasing influence of conservative Islam, other critics said. The Sinar Harian article was printed in conjunction with an interview with Hanafiah Malik, a preacher who said that there was an urgent need to stop the rise of homosexuality in Malaysia. Homophobic rhetoric has also become commonplace in the the country's government. In March last year Walt Disney pulled the release of its film Beauty and Beast from Malaysia after film censors deemed it could only be approved if a gay scene was cut. A Malaysian health ministry youth video competition also called for entries on the topic of the prevention and consequences of being gay, lesbian or transgender. It comes after a spate of recent deaths of people thought to be gay, lesbian and transgender. Just last year an 18-year-old student was beaten then burned to death by his classmates who labelled him a 'pondon' - an insulting term for a gay man. A 27-year-old transgender woman called Sameera Krishnan was stabbed with a knife and shot three times while she worked at her florist shop a few months later. Last year a Human Rights Watch report found discrimination against LGBT people was 'pervasive' in Malaysia. 'If you ask someone not to be themselves that will have an adverse impact on the health and-well being of the person,' said Thilaga Sulathireh, co-founder of transgender activist group Justice for Sisters. There are no official figures on transgenders in Malaysia, though a health ministry document estimated that the country was home to about 24,000 transgender sex workers as of 2014. 
963080519876571138	2018-02-12 16:01:03	https://t.co/EXpJmpi3Pe	Queen Letizia puts on an elegant display as she joins husband King Felipe for design awards in Madrid https://t.co/EXpJmpi3Pe	 She has earned a reputation as one of Europe's most stylish royals and today Queen Letizia proved she is still worthy of that title. The Queen of Spain stepped out in an elegant lace blouse for the delivery of the National Innovation and Design Awards in Madrid. Far from the classic fitted shape we are used to seeing on female royals, Letizia, 45, opted for a trendy oversize blouse in a pale lilac complete with unusual puffed sleeves. Known for her love of tailoring it was no surprise to see the mother-of-two pair her broderie anglaise style top with a pair of bootcut black trousers on Monday. Upon her arrival in the Spanish capital the former journalist wrapped up in a loose-fitting black wool coat, keeping out the February chill. Keeping her accessories to a minimum, the monarch could be seen carrying a chic woven clutch in lilac and black, adding a pair of bejewelled earrings in complementary colours. She wore her glossy tresses loose with her brunette locks seemingly blow-dried to perfection. Joining her at the awards today was 50-year-old King Felipe VI who looked his dapper best in a blue pin stripe suit and an eye-catching red tie. The royal couple received their usual warm welcome from well-wishers as they arrived at Teatro del Bosque this morning. The couple took to the stage at the ceremony where they presented awards to the successful candidates. The National Awards for Innovation and Design are presented to companies and professionals who have stood out in the field of design and innovation. Letizia shares children Leonor, 12, and Sofia, 10, with King Felipe, 49, whom she married in 2004. The family recently gave a rare glimpse into their family life with the release a set of photos taken inside their home in correlating with the recent celebrations for the king's 50th birthday. The images displayed the normal side to the monarch's life with the quartet enjoying a casual family meal among the pictures. 
963077999754137600	2018-02-12 15:51:02	https://t.co/qS3D4CmG9S	Iraqi official says wounded ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is alive and is being treated in a Syrian hospital https://t.co/qS3D4CmG9S	 The leader of ISIS is alive and being treated at a field hospital in Syria after being wounded in an air strike, an Iraqi interior ministry official claims. Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is reportedly unable to walk unaided due to 'fractures to the bones and legs', and is suffering from diabetes. This is far from the first time it has been claimed that al-Baghdadi has been either injured or killed, and there has yet to be official confirmation of either. However, Iraq's intelligence and counterterrorism department head Abu Ali al-Basri says: 'We have irrefutable information and documents from sources within the terrorist organisation that al-Baghdadi is still alive and hiding' in Syria's northeastern Jazira region. ISIS, also known as Islamic State and Daesh, retains a significant presence in the desert plains of northeastern Syria's Hasakeh province despite having lost most of its cross-border 'caliphate' which once also covered a third of neighbouring Iraq. Basri said that al-Baghdadi was suffering from 'injuries, diabetes and fractures to the body and legs that prevent him from walking without assistance'. The jihadist chief had been wounded in 'air raids against IS strongholds in Iraq'. Iraqi authorities last week published a list of 'internationally wanted terrorist leaders' headed al-Baghdadi, who was born in 1971 under the name Ibrahim Awad Ibrahim Ali al-Badri al-Samarrai. Al-Baghdadi has barely been seen in any images or video footage outside of the terrorist group, despite ISIS's frequent releases of propaganda material. In 2014, a video was released showing al-Baghdadi preaching during Friday prayer at a mosque in Mosul, Iraq, which was then held by ISIS. In June 2016, Turkish media reported that al-Baghdadi had been killed in a US air strike in Raqqa, Syria, but this was never confirmed. In December that year, The Pentagon said it believed that the ISIS chief was alive, despite repeated efforts by the US-led coalition. A few weeks later, in January 2017, local news reported that al-Baghdadi had been 'critically injured' in air strikes in Al-Ba'aj, northern Iraq. Come June, the Russian army said in a statement that the ISIS leader was likely one of the victims of a night-time air-raid on Raqqa in May, a time when the city was still the terror organisation's 'de-facto' capital. ISIS reportedly 'admitted' this in July, however, come September, an American military chief said the jihadist chief was still alive and probably hiding in eastern Syria's Euphrates Valley. 
963076507244560384	2018-02-12 15:45:07	https://t.co/826odIFchl	Brain scans pinpoint how two vodka lemonades can make you aggressive https://t.co/826odIFchl	 It's long been known to fuel violence on nights out. And now researchers have pinpointed exactly why and how people get aggressive after drinking alcohol. Brain scans from volunteers who had two vodka lemonades showed booze affects the prefrontal cortex - the area of the brain that controls aggression. In comparison, a placebo that looked like the mixers triggered no such changes, making adults no more likely to misbehave. Nearly half of all violent crimes are linked to alcohol, but little evidence exists about how and why booze can trigger such behaviour in the brain. Chemical changes in the brain caused by booze have been pinpointed as a cause for violence for decades, and the new study confirms the widely-held theory. It took only two vodka-based mixers for the Australian team to note a dampening effect in the working of the prefrontal cortex. University of New South Wales researchers conducted the MRI scans on 50 healthy, young men who were later provoked. How was the study carried out? Participants were either given two drinks containing 2.42ml of 37.5 per cent vodka for every kg of body weight, or alcohol-free placebos before being whisked away. For instance, a man weighing 11st (70kg) would have been given 340ml of vodka in his two drinks, washed down with lemonade and tonic water. Inside the MRI scanner, they were then informed that they would be competing in a competitive time task designed to rile them up. This technique has been widely-used for around 50 years in research settings as a way of measuring response to provocation. Brain scans allowed researchers, led by Dr Thomas Denson, to see which areas of the brain were triggered by alcohol. They could also compare the difference in scans between participants who had consumed alcohol and those who hadn’t. The findings were published in the journal Cognitive, Affective, & Behavioral Neuroscience. What did the study find? Being provoked was found to have no influence on participants’ neural responses. However, when behaving aggressively, there was a dip in activity in the prefrontal cortex of the brains of those who had consumed alcoholic drinks. This dampening effect was also seen in the areas of the brain that are involved with reward. Dr Denson said that 'even at a low dose' a relationship between prefrontal cortex activity and alcohol-related aggression existed. He added: 'These regions may support different behaviors, such as peace versus aggression, depending on whether a person is sober or intoxicated.' The results echo a growing body of research about the neural basis of aggression, and how it is triggered by changes in prefrontal cortex activity. Researchers revealed that the results of the study are also consistent with several psychological theories of alcohol-related aggression. More research needed They are hopeful of bigger investigations in the future to determine exactly how larger doses of booze triggers aggression. Dr Denson said such studies 'could eventually substantially reduce alcohol-related harm' by offering a curb to the effect of booze. The new study comes after Cardiff University researchers found last December that people appear more racist and homophobic when they have been drinking. Hate crimes are more likely to be carried out by drunks, with the alcohol acting as an 'igniter' to expressing prejudice, the report suggested. One screening tool used widely by medical professionals is the AUDIT (Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Tests). Developed in collaboration with the World Health Organisation, the 10-question test is considered to be the gold standard in helping to determine if someone has alcohol abuse problems. The test has been reproduced here with permission from the WHO. To complete it, answer each question and note down the corresponding score. YOUR SCORE: 0-7: You are within the sensible drinking range and have a low risk of alcohol-related problems. Over 8: Indicate harmful or hazardous drinking. 8-15: Medium level of risk. Drinking at your current level puts you at risk of developing problems with your health and life in general, such as work and relationships. Consider cutting down (see below for tips). 16-19: Higher risk of complications from alcohol. Cutting back on your own may be difficult at this level, as you may be dependent, so you may need professional help from your GP and/or a counsellor. 20 and over: Possible dependence. Your drinking is already causing you problems, and you could very well be dependent. You should definitely consider stopping gradually or at least reduce your drinking. You should seek professional help to ascertain the level of your dependence and the safest way to withdraw from alcohol. Severe dependence may need medically assisted withdrawal, or detox, in a hospital or a specialist clinic. This is due to the likelihood of severe alcohol withdrawal symptoms in the first 48 hours needing specialist treatment. 
963073995628335104	2018-02-12 15:35:08	https://t.co/YUdqyrtNdM	How to blitz away your love handles by doing side bends https://t.co/YUdqyrtNdM	 WHAT TO DO To blitz away love handles, try side bends using a medicine ball, says celebrity trainer Nadya Fairweather (u-shape.co.uk). This is tricky to get right, so imagine you’re a piece of bread going into the toaster: keep your body straight as you bend sideways — don’t stick your bottom out or drop your arms in front. With soft knees, hold a weight or medicine ball above your head. With control, tilt sideways without letting your hips sway, to your furthest point, then return slowly to your centre. Try for 12-15 reps on each side. WHAT TO EAT IF you want to say goodbye to those love handles once and for all, a healthy diet is key, says nutritionist Shona Wilkinson (shonawilkinson.com). Olive oil is a great place to start: this ‘good’ fat helps you feel fuller, so you will eat fewer calories. And try oranges — they are packed with soluble fibre which attracts water, creating a gel that slows digestion. Eat plenty of brown rice, too: this complex carbohydrate helps to keep you satisfied throughout the day, so that you eat less overall. WHAT TO WEAR houseoffraser.co.uk; matchesfashion.com addnature.co.uk sportsdirect.com argos.co.uk 
963067690964447232	2018-02-12 15:10:05	https://t.co/bU8gluupzG	Putin unveils his upgraded anti-missile system as dramatic footage shows test launch of powerful rockets https://t.co/bU8gluupzG	 Terrifying footage has emerged showing Vladimir Putin's upgraded anti-missile rockets blasting into the sky during a series of trials. Video shows the powerful new weapons being launched from the snow-covered Sary-Shagan range in the central Asian nation of Kazakhstan. Defence chiefs say tests on the defence system, designed to protect the Kremlin and key Moscow installations from enemy strikes, were a success. Andrei Prikhodko, the deputy commander of Russia's Aerospace Forces' air and missile task force, said: 'The missile's tactical and technical characteristics regarding the range, precision and operational lifetime are significantly higher compared to present-day weapons.' The range of the rocket is about 62 miles, with the altitude of the interception of incoming missiles at up to 19 miles. Moscow boasts that the latest missile system is entirely made by Russian manufacturers without any 'foreign parts'. The tests were announced by Red Star newspaper which is affiliated to the Russian Defence Ministry. It did not name the upgraded missile. Putin's latest show of military might comes just weeks after the the head of the British Army warned that the UK must take action now so that the Armed Forces can tackle the threat from Russia. General Sir Nick Carter said Britain needed to 'keep up' with Vladimir Putin's growing military strength or see our ability to take action 'massively constrained'. In January, RAF jets were scrambled to see off Russian bombers heading for UK airspace, while the number of Russian submarines close to British waters is at its highest since the Cold War. 
963065450501476353	2018-02-12 15:01:10	https://t.co/RXjaSbvUSq	TV presenter is pushed out of the way by a baby elephant who hogs the limelight https://t.co/RXjaSbvUSq	 This is the hilarious moment when activist Geoff Mayes is repeatedly attacked by a baby elephant while saying a piece to camera on elephant rights. The video shows a grinning Mayes trying to keep the playful elephant under control as it tries to set into him. The affable animal rights activist speaks about the war against animal poaching, all the while the elephant is ramming and pushing against him. An aid even steps in at one point to calm the animal and make sure that the scuffle didn't get too serious. The ironic situation sees Mayes urging watchers to support his 'Hands off our Elephants' campaign while being mildly attacked by one. Even at one point saying: 'Elephants are very close to my heart', as the elephant takes a swipe at his chest. The animals are very special to him as he runs a lodge with vast amounts of elephants which he co-manages with his girlfriend. 'We're currently losing a vast amount of elephants to poachers', he said. He finished the video with an appeal to the public to support Hands off our elephants and the Davis Sheldrick trust. The video, uploaded to Youtube by Mayes, was captioned: 'Never work with babies or wild animals... but baby wild animals are fine!'
963062916311388161	2018-02-12 14:51:06	https://t.co/sL6HyuOLgm	Daughter of 'French Elvis' Johnny Hallyday challenges his will after he left her NOTHING https://t.co/sL6HyuOLgm	 French rock legend Johnny Hallyday did not leave anything at all to the daughter he dedicated his most famous song to – and she is now going to court to try and change his American will. The multi-millionaire 'Gallic Elvis', who died in December aged 74, was expected to look after troubled actress Laura Smet, 34, with his vast fortune. Hallyday, who is viewed as a national legend in his home country, dedicated his smash hit 'Laura' to her in 1986, and the pair were thought to be on good terms. But on Monday her Paris lawyers released a statement saying everything he owned is going to his fifth wife, Laeticia Boudou, and their two adopted Vietnamese daughters Jade, 13, and Joy, nine. It reads: 'Laura Smet has discovered with stupefaction and pain the testament of her father Johnny Hallyday in which the whole of his will and the whole of his artistic rights will be exclusively handed over to his only wife Laeticia, in line with Californian law.' Paris lawyers Temime, Ravans and Sur said in the statement that they would be 'carrying out all legal actions' to challenge the will. It was made out in Los Angeles, where Hallyday lived with his young family towards the end of his life. The American will 'manifestly contravenes the requirements of French law,' the statement reads. If the will remained valid then Hallyday would have left Laura 'no material goods, no rights to his artistic work – not a guitar, not a motorcycle, and not even the signed copy of the song Laura, which is dedicated to her.' Laura was Hallyday's daughter by his four relationship with actress Nathalie Baye, the 69-year-old actor whose numerous films include the 2002 Steven Spielberg movie 'Catch Me If You Can'. Also on the court challenge to Hallyday's will is David Hallyday, 51, and the late singer's first-born child with the singer Sylvie Vartan, 73. Laura Hallyday has suffered from depression and alcoholism in the past, and her relationship with her father was not always smooth. Hallyday, who was born in Paris, shot to fame in in the 1960s, when he was credited with bringing Rock 'n' Roll to France. During a hugely successful career spanning almost 60 years, he sold more than 110 million records, and released 79 albums. Among his fans was French president Emmanuel Macron, who said Hallyday's death from cancer marked the demise of a 'vibrant icon'. 
963061153906724864	2018-02-12 14:44:06	https://t.co/2OuzJ4Ql6s	Scientists discover zebra finches dream they are tweeting and move their vocal muscles while they slumber https://t.co/2OuzJ4Ql6s	 In the world of music, practice makes perfect, And the same is true of zebra finches who sing while they sleep, new research has found. Experts have known for almost 20 years that brain patterns that control singing in the birds are present while they dream. A previous study found that sleeping zebra finches listen to the songs of other birds while they are awake and mimic their tunes silently in their brains as they slumber. Now, for the first time, researchers have discovered that the creatures actually move their vocal muscles in response to this process. Scroll down for video The finding was made by a team of physicists from the University of Buenos Aires, who attached electrodes to the vocal muscles of ten zebra finches, according to reports in New Scientist. They found that the muscles exhibited spontaneous twitching while the bird's slept, which matched the movements of their singing during the day. The patterns of the muscle movements varied, suggesting the birds were practising different versions of the same song. By playing songs to the finches while they were asleep, experts found that they could cause this nocturnal process. They used both recordings of birdsong and digitally created versions of the tunes, although the latter were less successful. Writing in a paper, published on the pre-print archive bioRxiv, its authors said: 'In this work, we found that nocturnal playbacks of the bird's own song, or synthetic versions of that song, evoke vS activity patterns strikingly similar to those recorded during song execution.' 'During sleep spontaneous activity patterns resembling the execution pattern can be detected in vS, but not in the respiratory gesture, explaining the lack of phonation (sound)' The only thing stopping the muscle movements producing an audible song was a lack of air, the research team says. 'If you blew air against the syrinx [voice organ] while the bird was sleeping, you would probably hear some of these notes,' Richard Hahnloser at the University of Zurich, Switzerland, who was not involved in the study, told New Scientist. In October 2000, scientists published their discovery of sleep mimicry in the songbirds. They used tiny recording devices to analyse the bird's brain activity and found that, if the bird's sleep is unbroken, it goes on to practise the songs, trying out variations such as changing notes or tempo. Speaking at the time Professor Daniel Margoliash, who led the research at the University of Chicago, said: 'From our data we suspect the songbird dreams of singing. It is the perfect learning shortcut, to play a language tape or revision recording at night while you are asleep. But those desperately hoping the information will go in as they snooze may be disappointed. Scientists have found that the brain does take in what it hears during REM sleep – the time spent mostly dreaming, usually in the morning before we wake up. Leaving a tape running overnight is probably counter-productive as information gained in deep sleep can be completely lost. French researchers found that sound played during certain parts of deep sleep may make information harder to learn when you wake up than if you had never heard it before. That is thought to be because the brain is busy erasing memories at this time, and the new knowledge is dumped along with them. In a study published by experts from PSL Research University in Paris in August 2017, researchers tested sleep learning by playing 20 participants white noise, which contained patterns of sound. The sounds heard during the REM (rapid eye movement) stage of sleep were remembered by these people when they woke up. They found it easier to identify the white noise which had repeated sounds in it because they had heard it while asleep. But the noise played while people were in deep sleep, which makes up almost a third of our slumbers, was forgotten. 'The zebra finch appears to store the neuronal firing pattern of song production during the day and reads it out at night, rehearsing the song, and perhaps, improvising variations. 'The match is remarkably good.' Professor Maroliash, whose research was detailed in the journal Science, said it suggested sleep plays a central role in the learning process. 'If we can describe the rules by which sleep acts on song learning, these lessons may apply to learning in other animals, including humans,' he added. The scientists reached their conclusions by measuring the activity of individual brain cells in four zebra finches. In the first step, they taped the sound of a bird singing and recorded the nerve- cell activity. Then they played back the song to the same bird while it was asleep. Again they measured its brain activity and found that the pattern was identical, even though the bird produces no sound. They even discovered the sleeping bird was able to replay the pattern slightly faster and predict the next set of notes. 
963058283073429505	2018-02-12 14:32:42	https://t.co/fTgUdB46nN	What is Galentine's Day 2018 and when is it? https://t.co/fTgUdB46nN	 Like Friendsgiving before it, Galentine's Day has become a popular celebration born out of a popular TV show, a made-up event that was such a genius idea, we adopted it into real life. In 2010, Amy Poehler's character in Parks and Recreation introduced the world to Galentine's Day. In the Season 2 episode of the same name, Leslie Knope declared, 'it's only the best day of the year'. 'Every February 13, my lady friends and I leave our husbands and our boyfriends at home, and we just come and kick it, breakfast-style. Ladies celebrating ladies. It’s like Lilith Fair, minus the angst. Plus frittatas,' she said. And Galentine's Day was born. Galentine's Day celebrates the joys of female friendship over a boozy brunch, specifically waffles with cream a la Leslie Knope. Since its inception in 2010, it has grown in popularity and appeal and is celebrated all over the world with different types of celebrations taking place. It's so popular that you can now get Galentine's Day cards and gifts, and throw Galentine's Day parties. Galentine's Day is marked on February 13 every year, the day before Valentine's Day, which this year falls on a Tuesday. Since February 14 is usually a day for lovers and couples — and tends to be disliked by a lot of singletons — Galentine's day is something most women can get behind, for who can pass up an excuse to eat delicious breakfast food, sip on mimosas and celebrate the 'glorious female warrior' in your life? As well as getting together to celebrate with your gal pals, the exchanging of gifts is becoming increasingly popular and can be anything that celebrates your friendship, who they are as a person or what they mean to you. Many companies now make special Galentine's Day gift baskets and boxes, but common offerings include wine, ice cream, jewelry, candy, scented candles and, of course, anything waffle-related. There is also a whole line of Parks and Recreation official Galentine's Day merch. No Galentine's Day would be complete without a party to celebrate your besties, and if you want to follow in the footsteps of the original Galentine's goddess Leslie Knope, that would involve, 'kicking it breakfast style with your ladies' and 'remembering what’s important in life: friends, waffles, work. Or waffles, friends, work. Doesn’t matter, but work is third.' Popular DIY and Home Deco sites like HGTV and Brit + Co have an abundance of articles and ideas on how to throw an epic Galentine's Day party. Even Khloe Kardashian blogged about how to throw one, so you know it's legit.
963058118925193217	2018-02-12 14:32:02	https://t.co/oad0vZQT7r	Incredible footage shows how flattie spiders turn to capture their prey in a record one eighth of a second https://t.co/oad0vZQT7r	 Flattie spiders can sense prey approaching from any direction and whip around in a record-breaking one-eighth of a second to strike, new research has found. High-speed footage reveals that a swift flex of their long legs helps the hunters accomplish this feat. According to the researchers, their spin is the fastest leg-driven turning maneuver of any terrestrial animal, and also one of the fastest turns on the planet - on the same level as rapid airborne spinners such as hummingbirds and fruit flies. The researchers are now modeling the spiders' spins to help make multi-legged robots and other machines more maneuverable in tight spaces. The study, conducted by researchers at the University of California Merced and the California Academy of Sciences involved using high-speed video cameras to document the movements of individuals from the Selenopidae spider family - commonly known as flattie spiders. Flattie spiders can be found across North and South America as well as Africa, Asia and Australia. Dr Crews, an expert on the Selenopidae family, searches field sites for cryptic individuals on trees and rocky surfaces - all in the dark - before bringing the nocturnal spiders back to the lab for study. 'About half of all spiders species don't use webs to catch prey,' says Dr Sarah Crews, a postdoctoral researcher at the Academy. 'Some stalk and pounce, while others are sit-and-wait ambushers - like flattie spiders.' In order to document this rapid movement, which seems blurry to the naked eye, Dr Crews and lead author Dr Zeng of UC Merced set up two synchronized, highs-speed video cameras above and beside the spiders. The team then examined strike footage at speeds about 40 times slower than the original to map the mechanics of this novel hunting maneuver. 'We are documenting and modeling their fast spins to help chart a course for making robots and other machines more maneuverable,' says Dr Zeng. The ability of flattie spiders to spin rapidly lies in their legs: Their outward stance tracks parallel to the ground allowing for a wider range of unrestricted motion. In addition, each leg faces a separate direction and as a result, covers a different portion of their 365-degree surroundings. This means the spiders can spin to orient itself toward unsuspecting prey regardless of the angle of approach. Flattie spiders have eight eyes, but researchers still do not know it any are actually used for seeing. Instead, the spiders detect approaching prey, such as hopping crickets or buzzing fruit flies, via disturbances in the air current. In order to stimulate the ambush of these sit-and-wait predators for each trial, the researchers released a cricket and allowed it to walk toward the spider, with the resulting strike footage of Selenops bifurcatus and Selenops insularis revealing surprising insights. 'We found that the leg nearest the prey anchors to the ground, creating a leverage point from which the spider can pull in its torso closer to the prey,' says Dr Zeng, describing the spider's linear lunge. Legs opposite the prey push off the ground to help. Together, this combination of pull and push aprovides the beginnings of a twisting force - called torque - that propels the spider into a rapid spin. Similarly to how figure skaters draw their arms inward to spin faster, flattie spiders pull their remaining legs in off the ground, holding them close. 'Flattie' spiders, as they are commonly known, are spiders that belong to the spider family Selenopidae. Also called wall crab spiders or wall spiders, 'flatties' have laterigrade: sideways-moving legs. They are often found on walls, under bark or rocks, with 257 species occurring in South America, parts of North America, South East Asia, Madagascar, Australia, Africa, India and areas in the Mediterranean. They are rapid, agile and often difficult to capture, and most are camouflaged and blend in well with their surroundings. Karops, the most diverse genus of flattie spiders in Australia, has a row of six eyes in a forward-facing curve, plus two more posterior eyes. This allows the spiders to spin up to 40 per cent faster and land perfectly positioned with their mouth towards their first bite of prey. Around the world, flattie spiders are turning to strike their prey at speeds of up to 3,000 degrees per second. In the time it takes you to blink your eyes, these spiders - when moving at full speed - can complete three full rotations. 'Flattie spiders are always one step ahead in this evolutionary arms race between predator and prey,' says Dr Crews. 'If the prey are positioned further away, spiders move faster both linearly and with increasing rotational speeds - there's truly no escape.' While documenting spider spins has proven record-breaking, it also has practical applications. 'Drawing inspiration from biodiversity like flattie spiders can lead to fascinating technological insights,' says Zeng. The team hopes their research on the mechanics of these rotations might inform the latest multi-legged robots and other machines required to maneuver in tight, confined spaces. 'By simply observing these spiders and their natural history, we were able to make new discoveries across disciplines,' says Dr Crews. 'You just never know what path science may lead you down next - some of the best discoveries are made by accident.'
963055352232185857	2018-02-12 14:21:03	https://t.co/IFuQCs6W07	The tiny $100k egg-shaped home that generates its own electricity for off-grid living https://t.co/IFuQCs6W07	 This is the tiny egg-shaped home that generates its own electricity and is even light enough to be carried between destinations by helicopter. The Ecocapsule, which is under 90 square feet, is the brain child of Slovakian designers and can be yours for under $100,000 (£72,000). Those behind the home say two people can live comfortably in the small space, which has a kitchen, a flushing toilet and a hot shower. They also say the home can double as a caravan, houseboat or hotel. It's made from insulated fibreglass shells and an aluminium framework and comes with a 750 watt wind turbine and 880 watts of solar. Water comes in through the roof and is filtered, with the toilet, using a compost system. 
963055143481733121	2018-02-12 14:20:13	https://t.co/A6J1FBtZ88	Winter Olympics fans go wild for Russian curler, 25, thanks to her VERY passionate displays on the ice https://t.co/A6J1FBtZ88	 Curling may not be the most popular Winter Olympic sports but it looks set to gain a whole new fan base thanks to a very glamorous competitor who has been wowing fans on Twitter. Russian curler Anastasia Bryzgalova, 25, has set pulses racing among viewers who are glued to proceedings in Pyeongchang who have been impressed not only by her prowess on the ice but her piercing stare, which makes her look like 'she can burn holes in the sheet with her eyes'. Admirers on Twitter have compared her to some of the world's most beautiful women including Adriana Lima, Megan Fox and Angelina Jolie. Scroll down for video The athlete married her curling partner Alexander Krushelnitskiy in June 2017 and the couple enjoyed a sun soaked honeymoon in Spain. The pair won the 2016 World Mixed Doubles Curling Championship in Karlstad, Sweden. Anastasia took up the sport in 2009 after being attracted by an advertisement for a curling club at an ice sports complex and has a master's degree from the Lesgaft National State University of Physical Education, Sport and Health. Away from the ice rink, the athlete hones her figure with weightlifting in the gym and volleyball, delighting Instagram fans with her bikini-clad snaps on Instagram. Although Russia is not officially competing in the Games in the wake of the nation's state-sponsored doping scandal. However, 168 evidently clean athletes are taking part under the banner of 'Olympic Athlete from Russia', wearing neutral colours. Mixed doubles curling is one of four new events in the 2018 Winter Olympics and was the first to kick off official competition last Thursday. Anastasia and Alexander were beaten in their first batch by siblings Becca and Matt Hamilton from the US and became visibly agitated with each other following some missed shots. 
963047814312988672	2018-02-12 13:51:06	https://t.co/Y8t0eamu2E	Pakistani Taliban deputy is 'killed in a US drone strike' near the border with Afghanistan https://t.co/Y8t0eamu2E	 The deputy leader of the Pakistani Taliban has been killed in a suspected U.S. drone strike in the Afghan-Pakistani border region. Khalid Mehsud, also known by his alias Sajna, was killed in Afghanistan's Paktika province, near the border with Pakistan, last week, Pakistani security officials said. However, the Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan, also known as Pakistani Taliban, claim that Mehsud was killed on the Pakistani side of the border, in the North Waziristan region, 'We confirm that deputy head of the TTP Khalid Mehsud died in a drone strike,' said the spokesman, Mohammad Khurasani. He said Pakistani Taliban chief Mullah Fazlullah appointed a commander called Mufti Noor Wali Wali to replace their dead deputy. Wali, like his predecessor, would lead militants in South Waziristan, a rugged mountainous region on the Afghan border which has long been home to Pakistani, Afghan and al Qaeda-linked foreign militants. Militant sources said Wali, known by the nickname Ghar Starga, is a ruthless leader with experience working in Pakistani urban areas including the southern city of Karachi. He studied in a seminary in Faisalabad city in the heartland province of Punjab and recently wrote a book eulogizing the founder of the Pakistani Taliban, Baitullah Mehsud, who was killed in a 2009 drone attack. While U.S. and Afghan forces accuse Pakistan of failing to stop Afghan Taliban militants using safe havens on the Pakistani side of the border, Pakistani Taliban militants have been waging a campaign of bombings and other attacks on Pakistan's security forces. The Pakistani military mounted a major offensive against the militants in 2014, forcing many of them to withdrawn into Afghanistan. The border region is off limits to journalists and verifying information independently is difficult. U.S. drone strikes in the border region have picked up since U.S. President Donald Trump took office in January 2017, though they are a long way off their peak in 2010. Relations between the United States and Pakistan have been strained since Jan. 1 when Trump's denounced Pakistani 'lies and deceit' over its support for the Afghan Taliban and their allies. Last month, the United States suspended about $2 billion assistance to Pakistan. Pakistan denies sheltering militants.
963045788833247232	2018-02-12 13:43:03	https://t.co/BTYIVd7Inq	A 26lb ovarian tumour is finally removed after causing pensioner excruciating pain for TWO YEARS https://t.co/BTYIVd7Inq	 A pensioner has finally had a 26lb (11.8kg) ovarian tumour removed. Lila Bai, 70, put off surgery on a grape-sized cyst for two years as she could not afford the procedure. The growth continued to enlarge to 40 x 35cm before Mrs Bai, who looked pregnant, was admitted to hospital in excruciating pain. Surgeons at Indubhai Parekh Memorial Hospital in India said if she had left it any longer, the huge tumour may have burst. Mrs Bai is recovering well and is due to be discharged in three days. Left any longer, the tumour may have burst Dr Indu Singh said: 'Even if it would have been a little delay in surgery, it might be burst inside the body. 'It has been sent to pathological lab for testing.' Although unclear if the tumour is cancerous, surgeon Dr Jitender Singh added: 'If remnants are found in body it may be treated by chemotherapy.' It is unclear what caused Mrs Bai's growth. Tumours can be benign or cancerous (malignant). Benign tumours usually grow quite slowly, do not spread and have a covering made up of normal cells. Such growths only cause problems if: Malignant tumours typically: Tumours get bigger as cells continue to divide, which stimulates the development of blood vessels to 'feed' it oxygen and nutrients. Such growths may move into new areas by putting pressure on surrounding regions, using enzymes to break down cells or entering via tissues. Source: Cancer Research UK Five stone tumour removed in life-saving operation This comes after a woman from Costa Rica had a giant tumour weighing more than five stone removed from her ovaries in a life-saving operation earlier this month. Sonia Lopez, 57, put off the procedure for eight years due to 'personal reasons' but was eventually forced to go under the knife when the growth took up 80 per cent of her abdomen and was crushing her intestines, liver and diaphragm. Mrs Lopez, who has dropped six stone since having the tumour removed, was warned nearly a decade ago the growth could cause her to have a heart attack due to the pressure it was putting on the organ. After suffering breathing problems, she had the operation at Hospital Mexico near San Jose on Monday, which involved five surgeons removing the 5.35 stone, five-and-half feet round growth. Mrs Lopez, whose surgeon believes she broke a world record, is recovering well and awaiting results to determine if the growth is cancerous. 
963040259490680837	2018-02-12 13:21:04	https://t.co/q9SouBlhBz	Putin orders Netanyahu to halt military strikes in Syria after Israeli fighter jet was 'shot down by Iran' https://t.co/q9SouBlhBz	 Vladimir Putin warned Benjamin Netanyahu to back off from military strikes in Syria after an Israeli warplane was shot down in the region on Saturday. The Russian President told Netanyahu in a phone call on Saturday evening to avoid a course of action that could have 'dangerous consequences for the region'. At the time Israel had just completed a second round of bombardments against Syrian forces and what it says were Iranian installations in the country and was considering further strikes in retaliation for the loss of its jet, Haaretz reports. But Putin, who has spent years propping up the Assad regime in the hopes of staving off American interference, put a swift end to the confrontation, it is reported. The exchange of fire began after Israel accused Iran of flying a drone into its territory, a claim which Iran later denied. That prompted Israel jets to strike a region in Syria that Iranian forces are known to occupy, with one being shot down as it returned to Israel. Both pilots escaped, but one was badly injured. It marked the first time an Israeli jet has been lost in combat since 1982. Following the loss of the jet, Israel said it carried out strikes that destroyed 12 military sites, including four allegedly occupied by Iranian forces. Netanyahu acknowledged his call with Putin on Saturday evening, saying he had told him of Israel's intention to continue defending itself against any aggression and to prevent Iran from establishing a presence 'in Syria or anywhere else.' Russia's foreign ministry said it was 'absolutely unacceptable to create threats to the lives and security of Russian servicemen.' Some of the targets struck by the Israeli bombardments are close to where Russian personnel are serving. Netanyahu was keen to trumpet the success of the air raids during a Sunday morning cabinet meeting, but made no mention of further strikes. 'We inflicted on Saturday a heavy blow to Iranian and Syrian forces,' he said. 'We made clear to everyone that our rules of engagement will not change in any way. 'We will continue to harm anyone who tries to harm us. This was our policy and this will remain our policy.' Other Israeli ministers spoke of refusing to accept Iran entrenching itself militarily in Syria, as Netanyahu has said repeatedly. Tehran denies it is doing so. While several analysts said they did not expect a further escalation in the coming days, some spoke of the possibility of the Syrian war entering a new phase. Syria has become more emboldened to try to stop Israeli strikes inside the country, while Israel wants to maintain its ability to operate there when it sees fit, said Ofer Zalzberg of the International Crisis Group think tank. Israel has sought to stay out of direct involvement in the Syrian war, but it acknowledges carrying out dozens of air strikes there to stop what it describes as deliveries of advanced weapons to Lebanese Shiite group Hezbollah. Israel fought a devastating war in 2006 with Hezbollah, which along with Iran and Russia backs the Syrian regime in the conflict. 'I think this incident is more likely to be contained because fundamentally it is a gradual attempt to renegotiate the so-called rules of the game,' Zalzberg said, adding that Russia should mediate. Witnesses said Israel had deployed a missile defence system in the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights near the demarcation line with Syria on Sunday morning. Saturday's events began with Israel shooting down what it described as an Iranian drone that had entered Israeli airspace from Syria -- which Tehran has denied. On Sunday, Israeli military spokesman Jonathan Conricus alleged the drone was a copy of a US model captured by Iran in 2011. He said the conclusion was made from an analysis of the drone's debris. Israel responded on Saturday with a raid on what it said was the Iranian control systems in Syria that sent the drone. During that raid, the Israeli F16 met heavy Syrian anti-aircraft fire and was hit, Israeli Air Force Brigadier General Amnon Ein Dar told army radio. The pilots ejected and the plane crashed inside Israel. One crew member was severely wounded, but his condition was said to be improving on Sunday. Israel then carried out what it called 'large-scale' air strikes inside Syria, including against what it described as Iranian targets. Conricus warned on Saturday that Syria and Iran were 'playing with fire', but stressed that Israel was not seeking an escalation. 'This is the most blatant and severe Iranian violation of Israeli sovereignty' in recent years, Conricus said. Iran dismissed Israeli 'lies' and said Syria had the right to defend itself against Israeli attacks. Iranian foreign ministry spokesman Bahram Ghasemi said 'Iran does not have a military presence in Syria, and has only sent military advisers at the request of the Syrian government.' Russia stressed the need to 'avoid any measure that could lead to a dangerous escalation'. United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres called for an immediate de-escalation. Netanyahu spoke with both Russian President Vladimir Putin and US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson after Saturday's confrontation. Washington backed Israel and blamed Iran for the escalation. Tillerson on Sunday begins a Middle East tour that will take him to Jordan, Turkey, Lebanon, Egypt and Kuwait. Netanyahu has met regularly with Putin in recent months in a bid to convince Russia to keep Iranian forces away from Israeli territory. Russia and Israel have also established a hotline to avoid accidental clashes in Syria. Israel is technically at war with Syria and occupies a swathe of the Golan Heights that it seized in the Six-Day War of 1967 and later annexed in a move never recognised by the international community.
963038253023744001	2018-02-12 13:13:06	https://t.co/vuCVr092aB	French bishop declares recovery of nun from bad back is divine intervention after visit to Lourdes https://t.co/vuCVr092aB	 The recovery of a French nun who suffered a back problem that had left her barely able to walk for 40 years and claimed to have been cured by a pilgrimage, has been declared a 'divine miracle'. Sister Bernadette Moriau, 79, visited the holy spring of Lourdes, southwest France, in 2008, seeking a cure to her chronic sciatica or pinched spinal nerve. Sister Bernadette's problem disappeared after her pilgrimage, an event which has now been recognised as the 70th miracle at France's fabled shrine of Lourdes. Sister Bernadette, who was first diagnosed with her condition aged 27, had undergone four operations on her spinal column between 1968 and 1975 and was declared a full invalid in 1980. One foot was permanently twisted, requiring her to wear a brace and use a wheelchair. She took what she said were significant doses of morphine for pain. "She experienced an unusual feeling of relaxation and heat in the whole of her body (and) heard a voice telling her to take off her equipment, the corset and the leg brace," said a statement from her Catholic parish in Beauvais in the north of France. After further examinations by doctors and three meetings of church figures in Lourdes, the medical committee in the town confirmed that Moriau's recovery could not be explained scientifically, the statement said. 'Sister Bernadette Moriau now has a perfectly normal life,' the committee's president Alessandro de Franciscis told AFP. 'She is in very good health and herself visits the sick on a regular basis.' Lourdes is one of the most revered sites for the world's 1.2 billion Catholics because the town is said to be where the Virgin Mary appeared to a peasant girl in a grotto. The water from a spring in the Grotto of Massabielle is believed to have curative powers that attract pilgrims from around the world. A press conference will be held Tuesday in Beauvais featuring Sister Bernadette, De Franciscis and the bishop of the local diocese, Jacques Benoit-Gonnin. 
963035470287470592	2018-02-12 13:02:03	https://t.co/gV9UMCdPF4	North Korean cheerleaders selected for their looks steal the show at the Winter Olympics https://t.co/gV9UMCdPF4	 It was minutes before the highly-anticipated unified Korea women's hockey team debut against Switzerland when North Korean cheerleaders stole the show over the weekend. Decked out in matching red outfits, the young North Korean 'army of beauties' burst into a perfectly choreographed routine in the South Korean city of Gangneung. The crowd was instantly transfixed as the group swayed in unison and sung songs in Korean as they waved small unified Korean Peninsula flags to the delight of the home crowd. But, there is a darker side to this display of warmth as they'll go to prison if they put a foot wrong. The squad are under strict instructions to report any conversations they have with South Koreans to the authorities during their stay and have daily meetings with officials. In 2006, twenty-one members of North Korean cheering squads who traveled to South Korea for sports events were sent to a prison camp for talking about what they saw in the South. The female squad apparently violated a pledge not to speak about what they saw in South Korea. North Korean leader Kim Jung Un deployed the women to be part of the nation's official delegation to the Games and cheer on their country. The country's participation was not assured until a few weeks before the games opened. When it was confirmed the country would be involved, North Korea announced that it would be sending the controversial cheerleaders. Despite the team being seriously outplayed by Switzerland, the squad reportedly clapped and chanted in unison 'Go, Fight, Win!', as the team, made up of players from both North and South Korea, took to the ice together for the first time in Olympic history. The crowd were also treated to 'Ban gap seup nee da' or 'Nice to meet you' which is traditionally performed during meetings between the North and South civilians. Kim Yo Jong, Kim Jung Un's younger sister was also there and enjoyed the performance from the stand. She left the young cheer squad to travel to Seoung, where South Korea accommodated North Korean government officials,on her brother's private jet to continue Pyongyang's charm offensive which aims to end seven decades of hostility. Kim Yo Jong, 30, is an increasingly prominent figure Kim Jung Un's government and the first member of the North's ruling family to visit the South since the end of the Korean War in 1953. It has been speculated that the visit to Seoul is a weapon to drive a wedge between Seoul and it's American ally. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis rejected any suggestion that even a temporary warming of relations between the North and South could drive a wedge between Seoul and Washington. He said: 'If using the Olympics in a way to reduce tension – if that's going to have any traction once the Olympics are over. We can't say right now.' Korea has been known to deploy attractive women as a propaganda tool to project it's image to other countries. The 229 young women arrived sporting matching scarlet coats and pelt hats have arrived in South Korea last week. They crossed the Demilitarized Zone that divides the two Koreas at the Dorasan border post north of Seoul. Despite being guarded by heavy security the girls seemed jovial, even stopping to exchange words with South Korean journalists. There is a tough screening process to join the cheer squad. Women must be deemed attractive enough by the state and in their late teens to early 20's. They are said to be picked from Pyongyang universities and upper class families who are loyal to the regime. There is also a difficult screening process. According to North Korean defectors cited in the media, women need to be over 1.65 m bar those with exceptionally good looks. Girls with family members living abroad are automatically disqualified as they are a flight risk. The Korean team was beaten 8-0 to Switzerland as the team of young women reportedly sat silently, almost indifferent to the scoreboard. 
963032453962240002	2018-02-12 12:50:03	https://t.co/1FWoGIZHqA	Saudi Arabia agrees to give up control of Belgium's largest mosque https://t.co/1FWoGIZHqA	 Saudi Arabia has agreed to give up control of Belgium's largest mosque in an attempt to shed its reputation as a global exporter of radical Islam. Belgium leased the Grand Mosque to Riyadh in 1969, giving Saudi-backed imams access to a growing Muslim immigrant community in return for cheaper oil for its industry. But it now wants to cut Riyadh's links with the mosque, near the European Union's headquarters in Brussels, over concerns its ultra-conservative brand of Islam breeds radicalism. The mosque's leaders deny it espouses violence, but European governments have grown more wary since Islamist attacks that were planned in Brussels killed 130 people in Paris in 2015 and 32 in the Belgian capital in 2016. In April 2012, the Saudi Arabian ambassador was alerted to the fact the Belgium government were unhappy with Khalid Alabri, who was then the Great Mosque's director. He had been found to be preaching extreme Salafist, anti-Israel and anti-West views and was quietly removed. 'The guiding principle was the primacy of Salafism above all else,' said a witness who spoke with Belgian television station RTBF at the time. The centre's director, Jamal Momenah, made clear in 2015 that he did not want the Great Mosque to be seen as being connected to the radical Islamists of Molenbeek - the underprivileged suburbs where some of the Paris attackers lived. However, in the wake of the Paris attacks he deflected questions as to why his mosque - with its privileged position - had not undertaken steps to exert influence over the hate preachers of Molenbeek. Belgium's willingness to put its demands to oil-producing Saudi Arabia, a major investor and arms client, breaks with what EU diplomats describe as the reluctance of governments across Europe to risk disrupting commercial and security ties. Riyadh's quick acceptance indicates a new readiness by the kingdom to promote a more moderate form of Islam - one of the more ambitious promises made by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman under plans to transform Saudi Arabia and reduce its reliance on oil. The agreement last month coincides with a new Saudi initiative, not publicly announced but described to Reuters by Western officials, to end support for mosques and religious schools abroad blamed for spreading radical ideas. The move towards religious moderation - and away from the extreme interpretation of Islam's Salafi branch that is espoused by modern jihadist groups - risks provoking a backlash at home and could leave a void that fundamentalists try to fill. But Saudi Arabia's recent moves on religion are seen by Belgian diplomat Dirk Achten, who headed a government delegation to Riyadh in November, as a 'window of opportunity'. 'The Saudis are disposed to dialogue without taboos,' he told Belgium's parliament last month after the mission was hastily put together after the assembly urged the government to break Saudi Arabia's 99-year, rent-free lease of the mosque. But he also cautioned: 'Some do not, or barely, admit that this form of Salafism leads to jihadism.' Details of the mosque's handover are still being negotiated but will be announced this month, Belgian Interior Minister Jan Jambon told Reuters. The diplomatic contacts, led by the countries' foreign ministers, were intended by Belgium to prevent what Jambon called an 'exaggerated response' from Saudi Arabia - indicating the Belgian government had sought to ensure there was no diplomatic backlash. This, he said, was 'under control' following a visit to Belgium last month by Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir. Before Saudi Arabia took control in the late 1960s, the Grand Mosque was a disused relic of the Great Exhibition of 1880 - an Oriental Pavilion. Saudi money converted it to cater to migrants from Morocco invited to work in the country's coal mines and factories. It is run by the Mecca-based Muslim World League (MWL), a missionary society mainly funded by Saudi Arabia. Concerns about the mosque grew as militant groups such as Islamic State started recruiting among the grandchildren of those migrants, many of whom say they still feel they do not belong in Belgian society, opinion polls show. Belgium has sent more foreign fighters to Syria per capita than any other European country. Belgian officials now suggest the Muslim Executive of Belgium, a group seen as close to Moroccan officialdom, should run the Grand Mosque. Although the Saudi government has denied any role in the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks against the United States which killed more than 3,000 people, 15 of the 19 airplane hijackers who carried them out were from Saudi Arabia and linked to late Al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden, the plot's Saudi-born mastermind. Bin Laden was a follower of Wahhabism, the original strain of Salafism which has often been criticised as the ideology of radical Islamists worldwide. Yet many of Islamic State's positions are far more radical than Wahhabism, the ultra-conservative branch of Islam dominant in Saudi Arabia and founded by 18th century cleric Mohammed ibn Abd al-Wahhab. A classified report by Belgian security agency OCAD/OCAM in 2016 said the Wahhabi branch of Islam promoted at the mosque led Muslim youth to more radical ideas, sources with access to the report said. 'The mosque has influence to spread this hateful 'software',' a senior Belgian security source said. 'Nobody paid attention for decades.' Belgium's parliament said what it preached was 'a gateway or even a predisposition to a more combative Islam that is violent', calling in October for an end to the Saudi lease. The same month, immigration minister Theo Francken tried to expel the Grand Mosque's Egyptian imam of 13 years, calling him 'dangerous', but a judge reversed that decision. But Belgian security sources say there is no proof imams at the Grand Mosque preached violence or have had links to attacks. Some who went to fight in Syria had studied there but men are more prey to recruiters for militant groups online and on the streets of underprivileged boroughs such as Molenbeek, in Brussels, where some of the Paris attackers lived, they say. Tamer Abou El Saod, who was appointed director of the Grand Mosque in May, says there are problems over the way it is perceived but denies it espouses a fundamentalist version of Islam. He says he is ready to work with Belgian officials. 'There are changes happening already and there are even more changes coming in the very near future,' he told Reuters. Belgian leaders say they want the mosque to preach a 'European Islam' better aligned with their values - a familiar refrain across Europe following the Islamic State attacks of the last few years. But it is unclear who will operate the sprawling mosque complex, which receives about 5 million euros ($6 million) a year through the MWL which has for decades promoted a hardline interpretation of Islam at dozens of institutions worldwide The MWL has recently adopted a more conciliatory tone. In just over a year since being appointed, its secretary-general, Mohammad bin Abdul Karim al-Issa, has met with Pope Francis and taken a public stance against Holocaust denial. Issa told Reuters in November the organisation's new mission was to annihilate extremism. For Saudi Arabia, the mosque is a chance to prove it is turning over a new leaf after years of accusations it turned a blind eye to - if not actively endorsed - extremist ideology. Crown Prince Mohammed has already taken some steps to loosen ultra-strict social restrictions, scaling back the role of religious morality police, permitting public concerts and announcing plans to allow women to drive this summer. The changes, however, may be too late since most militant groups that emerged at some point from Saudi networks have grown independent, says Stephane Lacroix, a scholar of Islam in Saudi Arabia. 'That this is going to solve the problem of radical Islam because if the Saudis change, everything's going to change: It's not the case,' he told Reuters.
963030193072984064	2018-02-12 12:41:04	https://t.co/7Yh0vyoHDa	Revealed: Why food NEVER tastes as good on a plane https://t.co/7Yh0vyoHDa	 Airline food has long been maligned but now experts have revealed there's a scientific reason why meals don't always taste as good in the air. Scientists discovered that high altitude affects your taste buds, which means that certain flavours aren't as delicious at 35,000 feet. However your fifth sense of taste, savoury 'umami', isn't affected by great heights, presenter Matt Tebbutt reveals on the first episode of the new series of Food Unwrapped on Channel 4 on Monday night. It explains why ultra-savoury foods that tickle this sense, such as umami-rich tomato juice, are so popular with airline passengers who might not order them quite so often on the ground. German flavour chemist Dr Florian Mayer explained the phenomenon by revealing that your body receives less oxygen at high altitudes due to the reduced cabin pressure. The lack of oxygen affects your taste buds and dulls certain flavours. It is why passengers often crave robust flavours on board. He explained: 'Because of the reduced pressure on board an aircraft cabin, your cells in your body get less oxygen: it's only 70 per cent of that which you get on the ground. 'With less oxygen in the cells, it will also affect your taste buds.' Though tomato juice or a Bloody Mary may be too strong for some on the ground, in the air, it is more palatable as it retains its flavour while reducing the acidic notes that many can struggle with. Its popularity is because altitude can severely affect taste buds, making many foods taste bland in the air, the show reveals. To meet demand, the UK's biggest airline caterers, Alpha LSG, supplies 90,000 litres of tomato juice to aeroplanes every year, according to its executive head chef Kevin Love. Though the acidic nature of tomato juice is muted at high altitudes due to taste buds being affected, the umami flavour is not. Changing tastebuds at high altitudes means that many crave tomato juice or a Bloody Mary in the air, even though they don't regularly order one on the ground. To compensate for this, some airline chefs add more seasoning to an airline dish so that passengers will be able to taste food as normal. Matt Tebbutt boards a flight simulator and tries two spaghetti bolognese dishes on the ground and in the air. One has been seasoned with extra salt and pepper, while the other is as normal. On the ground, Matt prefers the normal dish and finds the meal with extra seasoning too much. However when the simulator reduces the cabin pressure and replicates what it's like to be in the air, the normal dish is too bland while the dish with extra seasoning is perfect. Series 13 of Food Unwrapped is on every Monday night on Channel 4 at 8.30pm.
963025616378515456	2018-02-12 12:22:53	https://t.co/jSMf7ievd7	Belly dancer freed after a week locked up in Egypt for a ‘provocative’ night club performance speaks out https://t.co/jSMf7ievd7	 A Russian belly dancer detained by police in Egypt over her 'provocative' performances has opened up about her ordeal. Ekaterina Andreeva, 31, also known under her stage-name Johara, was arrested following a dance show in Giza, north-western Egypt, and detained for several days. Mrs Andreeva took to Instagram to defend herself against accusations by Egyptian authorities that she had been performing bellydancing routines without wearing underwear. Mrs Andreeva hails from Perm Krai in Russia, but performs all over the world as a belly dancer and often shares videos of her routines on social media. Addressing her 136,000 Instagram followers, Mrs Andreeva wrote: 'I’m finally out! My state of health is normal so do not worry about me!' Revealing that she had spent several days in prison, she called the experience 'the worst days of my life'. She explains that she did not know the 'real reasons;' why she was arrested, adding that 'those who are professional dancer know clearly my costumes are ok'. 'Me and my lawyer insure 100% documents are done, we spend 6 months with my employer to prepare everything clean and right. 'I know that my beloved husband did just unreal job from Russian side and my amazing employer here in Cairo the same here. No words to thank you, all who were helping me 'It was the worst days of my life, but I’m out and JUSTICE TRIUMPHED, so it’s only proves that I’m innocent.' Mrs Andreeva was arrested last week after a video showing her dancing in Giza came under scrutiny by authorities. The films clip shows her energetically dancing in a low-cut backless dress split up one side. But the footage was not taken lightly by police as they arrested her on suspicion of inciting young people to disobedience and immorality. Egyptian prosecutor Hatim Fadl said: 'Rules for the dance performance oblige the performer to wear underwear of any colour but beige. 'Johara did not have any underwear, and of course it was provocative.' It has been reported locally that Mrs Andreeva is temporarily banned from dancing while her case is reviewed. 
963022899086086145	2018-02-12 12:12:05	https://t.co/873XArRcEV	Under-25s are ditching Facebook in favour of Snapchat while over-55s sign up https://t.co/873XArRcEV	 Facebook may have lost its youth appeal. New research suggests teens and young adults are ditching Facebook for Snapchat, while its popularity among over-55s surges. Creative Snapchat features like filters and lenses, which let you add effects to images, have proved popular with users and been adopted by rival platforms. More crucially, however, the app's relative privacy and the impermanence of content shared provide teens a forum to be themselves - something many feel they can't be on Facebook. Scroll down for video The figures come from New York market research company eMarketer, as part of a study on UK and US digital users which is set to be released later this month. Facebook is still growing in the US market, according to research firm, mainly due to increases in usage by older age groups. The research firm said it expected the first-ever decline in the 18 to 24 age group in the US, a drop of 5.8 per cent this year. It also said that for the first time since its research began, less than half of the 12 to 17 age group in the United States would be on Facebook, with a 5.6 per cent drop in that segment. The under-12 age group meanwhile will see a decline of 9.3 per cent this year, eMarketer said. The same trend is expected to continue into 2019 and 2020, with declines in all segments of US users under 25, the report added. Facebook will lose an estimated two million users under 25 this year, with Snapchat and Instagram the main beneficiaries. Facebook remains the most popular social network in the US market with an estimated 169.5 million users this year, according to eMarketer. But faster-growing Instagram will be used by 104.7 million Americans and Snapchat will reach 86.5 million users, according to the forecast. 'Snapchat could eventually experience more growth in older age groups, since it's redesigning its platform to be easier to use,' eMarketer principal analyst Debra Aho Williamson said. Snapchat’s popularity with teens and young adults has grown significantly since the platform first launched in 2011. It has been suggested that the instant messaging app’s range of creative and interactive features like filters, lenses and Bitmoji, are partially responsible for its success. These let you add effects to images and create virtual avatars and have since been adopted by rival platforms. However, Snapchat’s relative privacy and the impermanence of material shared compared with Facebook, Twitter and Instagram may be the crucial factor in its popularity among young people. That's according to Joseph Philleo, a USC undergraduate student in mathematics, economics and machine learning and self-described 'Millennial tech adopter' who discussed his thoughts on Quora. On Snapchat, all content is time-limited and can be sent directly to an individual or small group of friends. This lets you control exactly who sees the pictures and videos you make and for how long. As a result, users feel free to share awkward, embarrassing or unflattering selfies, safe in the knowledge that this won’t be visible forever, unlike the permanent posts on other platforms. This leads to a more authentic user experience and is of benefit to everyone who uses the app, but it’s a particular attraction for younger people. More mature internet users may feel comfortable and confident being themselves in any online forum. Snapchat, through its closed groups and temporary sharing, provides a sense of security for teens and youngsters who are still finding their way in the world to be themselves. 'The question will be whether younger users will still find Snapchat cool if more of their parents and grandparents are on it. That's the predicament Facebook is in.' Overall, the number of total Facebook users in the UK is predicted to reach 32.6 million in the coming year. But around 700,000 fewer young people in the UK, aged 12 to 24, will use the site than the previous year. Meanwhile, around half a million new over-55s are expected to join Facebook in 2018. If this trend is mirrored globally, it could mean tens of millions of young people will leave the site, to be replaced by their older counterparts. 'Facebook has a 'teen' problem,' said Bill Fisher, eMarketer's UK senior analyst. Snapchat has introduced several major new features in the last six months to increase its popularity, including: 'This latest forecast indicates that it's more than a theory. And whereas it's been able to rely on platform shifters being hoovered up by Instagram, there are now some early signs that younger social networkers are being swayed by Snapchat. 'The challenge and opportunity for Snap is how to appeal beyond that core youth demographic.' Snapchat's popularity with teens and young adults has grown significantly since the platform first launched in 2011. On Snapchat, all content is time-limited and can be sent directly to an individual or small group of friends, and this is a key-factor in its appeal to young people. That's according to Joseph Philleo, a USC undergraduate student in mathematics, economics and machine learning and self-described 'Millennial tech adopter' who discussed his thoughts on Snapchat's popularity on Quora. The instant messaging app has also introduced a range of interactive features that have appealed to teen audiences, in turn driving up the user number. That has arguably turned off older audiences who favour Facebook's less complicated social network experience. Snapchat's parent company, Snap, has announced stronger-than-expected growth in the last quarter of 2017. Announced on Tuedsday February 6, Snap shares have gone up by 22 per cent in after-hours trading to $17.09 (£12.28). The company announced a 72 per cent year-on-year increase to $286 million (£205m), far surpassing expert predictions of $253.2 million (£182m) as companies advertised more in the key Christmas period. As well as financial improvements, the number of Snapchat users has also increased. Snapchat now has 187 million current active daily users, that's a gain of 8.9 million in the quarter and up 18 per cent from a year earlier. With its new update, Snapchat has redesigned the Discover section to allow people to see more posts from publishers, creators, and the community. With this latest ability to share posts outside of the app at the touch of a button, ad impressions have soared by more than 575 per cent from a year earlier in the fourth quarter, according to chief financial officer Drew Vollero.
963020892220641280	2018-02-12 12:04:07	https://t.co/7k9JiSKwyP	How to make sure you're NOT an online OAP https://t.co/7k9JiSKwyP	 Still having a Hotmail account can mark you out as being unsavvy and bumbling online. That seems to be the conclusion of car insurers, including Admiral, which last month offered a more expensive premium to an undercover reporter via Hotmail than when they asked for the same quote using a trendier Gmail account. How we behave online — the sites we visit, comments we leave, email address we use — is increasingly important if you want to be viewed as go-getting and with it. It’s not just potential employers who scour your online profile to assess your capabilities. Companies, friends, even your own children peering over your shoulder, tend to make judgments about your age and faculties based on what you do online. So, if you want the internet to treat you seriously — and give you a good deal — here’s how to anti-age yourself online... DITCH THE DATED EMAIL ADDRESS Email domains — the part after the ‘@’ — are a giveaway as to when and how you got your first email address. Hotmail doesn’t mark you out as especially unsavvy, as insurance companies claim, though it has a poor reputation due to the volume of junk mail it allows in your inbox. Many still have a Hotmail address because the company, part of Microsoft, was one of the first to offer free email, in the late Nineties. The real sign you are not with it is having a BT or Tiscali account, because it suggests you only got email when you got the internet at home (the domains came as part of your internet package) — not when you were a student or an employee. The worst are the now redundant Ntlworld, Blueyonder, Wanadoo or Freeserve accounts, all domains that were set up by old internet service providers. Over time, they have been bought out by bigger internet providers, notably Virgin or EE. These new owners have shut down the old addresses, insisting you move onto a more up-to-date Virgin or EE account. Tip: Open a Gmail account. It’s part of Google and is the easiest and slickest of all. It allows you to import all your contacts from another account, including Hotmail. WHY IT'S TIME TO FLY SOLO You may think JohnAndMargaretSmith123@hotmail.com is touching proof you believe in till death us do part, but to everyone else a shared email account is a sign you haven’t realised an email address is very different to a postal address. Having no secrets from your spouse is a wonderful part of marriage. But other people, be they your in-laws or businesses, may want to communicate only with you, not your other half. Likewise, it is deeply confusing to receive an email in which Bob from the golf club asks where he can buy that lovely shade of lipstick he’s seen you in — before you find it’s signed ‘Ange’, Bob’s wife. Tip: Set up your own accounts. JUST THINK OF THE TREES Printing out emails so you can read them more easily is not just a waste of time and (ludicrously expensive) printer ink. It is a sign you hark back to the days when faxes were cutting edge. Likewise, train, plane and cinema tickets can be downloaded to your phone and scanned on its screen. Tip: If you are struggling to read an email, or indeed anything on your phone, you can increase the typeface size. On an iPhone go to the settings section, press ‘general,’ ‘accessibility’, then ‘larger text’ then select the size you want. On a Samsung device you also need to press settings (the icon that looks like a cog), then ‘display and wallpaper’, then ‘font’. Then choose the size you want. BEWARE THE OVERSHARERS Facebook and Instagram are different to a family photo album, not least because they are public. So when Jamie Oliver posted a picture on Instagram of his baby River lying on the tiles of his kitchen floor, he probably expected hundreds of likes and heart emojis in the comment section. Which he received. He also got this message from his mother, Sally: ‘This adorable child! He looks so like you as a baby! But please get him off that hard floor now.’ Oh, the shame. Tip: Never reveal you are someone’s mum or gran in comments. Don’t criticise their parenting skills, haircut or fashion sense. Also, don’t ask if they are coming around this weekend or if they have sent a thank-you letter to Great Aunt Mildred. POST E-CARDS IN THE BIN You may think sending an e-greetings card to your grandchildren makes you part of the tech in-crowd. It doesn’t. E-cards are usually sent from a home computer and accessed by the grandchild on their phone. E-cards often come in a format incompatible with many phones, use up tons of memory and take an age to load. They were also last fashionable in 2003 (and then only for six months). Tip: Use TouchNote, an app that allows you to convert a photo taken on your phone into an actual postcard or greetings card that is then sent through the post. It means you never have to hunt for a stamp, plus you can send them from the other side of the world and they arrive the next day. Or, if you have the latest software on your phone, you can send an animated text. Hold down the ‘send’ or arrow key as you would when sending a text and it will give you the option to send with sound effects or with animations, such as balloons or fireworks. Good fun. LET GO OF THE 'LOLs' LOL does not mean ‘lots of love’, but ‘laughing out loud’ and is used to indicate that you enjoyed a joke. So the text: ‘I’m sorry to say your Great Aunt Mildred died today. LOL, Mum,’ is wildly inappropriate and marks you as someone not down with the kids. Also, just because it has an F in the acronym does not mean it’s rude. FYI: for your information, FTW: for the win. The problem is that many of these acronyms have a shelf-life as long as a pot of yoghurt. No one uses YOLO (‘you only live once’) any more and ROFL (‘rolling on the floor laughing’) marks you out as ancient. Tip: Avoid acronyms. Use emojis — the jolly little smiling faces and other pictures — instead. SAY IT WITH A SMILE Many sneer at emojis, thinking they are infantile. But they are a clever way to inject a bit of nuance into a text or online comment, which is often difficult to achieve in one line of written English. But remember, people rarely — unless they are discussing a recipe — use the aubergine emoji to indicate the purple vegetable as it signals something more risque. The peach is also usually a substitute for another body part. Tip: Use emojis sparingly. Don’t scatter them like confetti; use one judiciously or at the end of a message to indicate mood or tone. The most useful emoji (especially for parents) is the rolling eye emoji, to show wry weariness at something your child has said. The clapping hands emoji is less ambiguous than ‘well done’, which can come across as sarcastic. The face red with anger is also a useful substitute for ‘how many times have I told you to write a thank you letter to Great Aunt Mildred.’
963018371448082432	2018-02-12 11:54:06	https://t.co/Ib5saJsLEd	Rio carnival dancers sparkle at samba parade as 72,000 spectators watch 'greatest show on Earth' in sweltering heat https://t.co/Ib5saJsLEd	 It is dubbed the 'greatest show on Earth' with thousands of sparkling Brazilian dancers ignoring sweltering heat to put on a spectacular samba parade. Rio de Janeiro came alive on Sunday night as the city's carnival hit its peak in a stunning cocktail of glamour, eccentric costumes and pounding samba anthems. The two-night extravaganza began in the Sambodromo, where 72,000 spectators sat in roasting conditions, with many thousands more milling around outside selling drinks, putting on colourful outfits or simply soaking up the atmosphere because they were unable to get tickets. But amid the feather headdresses, sparkly G-strings and dancers dressed as everything from trees to Chinese merchants, serious politics marked this year's parades. One reveller dressed up as Dracula to represent Brazilian President Michel Temer while a giant backside mocked Rio de Janeiro's mayor during the unusually politicised event. Latin America's biggest country is only just emerging from its worst recession on record. Violent crime in cities like Rio is rocketing, and politics is riddled with corruption and lack of leadership ahead of October presidential elections. The carnival still claims to be 'the greatest show on Earth.' But neither the 13 elite samba schools competing, nor the 72,000 spectators crammed into the Sambodromo are immune to the country's anger. One target of that anger overnight Sunday was Rio Mayor Marcelo Crivella. A bishop in the evangelical mega-church founded by his billionaire uncle, Crivella can hardly conceal his disdain for the carnival's excesses of the flesh ahead of the start of Roman Catholic Lent on Ash Wednesday. Even though the carnival is a huge revenue earner for the city, Crivella has halved subsidies to the annual bash and refused so much as to attend the Sambodromo parades. In a video released just after the first parades got underway Sunday, the mayor said he was leaving to Europe. For Paraiso do Tuiuti - one of the 13 schools vying in the epic talent contest - the mayor has declared war. They replied by putting a large, bare and cellulite-riddled pink backside on one of their floats. Hidden under a temporary covering on the right cheek was Crivella's name, said organizer Erick Erasmo, 40, just before the school started marching. 'There's a heart with Crivella written on it - like you have on a tattoo,' he said. 'The bum represents the mayor for cutting our budget, for trying to end our happiness,' said another organizer, Helton Dias, 28. Center-right President Michel Temer - said by opinion polls to be the most unpopular president Brazil has ever known - was also taking a ribbing. Temer came to power in 2016 after leftist president Dilma Rousseff was ejected in an impeachment vote driven by Temer's close allies. Since then, his government has been rocked by almost continuous corruption scandals, while his push for economic austerity measures has sent popular support plummeting. The Paraiso do Tuiuti school depicted him as Dracula on Sunday. 'I am a vampire who is meant to represent the president of the republic,' said history teacher Leo Morais, 39, as he sat having makeup applied for his role as the undead version of Temer. Morais, who already had his face painted white and would later don big black wings and a lot of fake dollar bills, said the carnival was a chance for Brazil's poor to be heard. 'The samba schools have a social role,' he said. 'They speak out for ordinary people.' Paraiso do Tuiuti was also deploying a squadron of people dressed as yellow bath ducks, a symbol of mass demonstrations against corruption and against the government that helped bring down Rousseff. By Roxy Simons for MailOnline By day, they are some of the world's most famous lingerie models - but their wild streak comes out at night. Victoria's Secret Angeles Adriana Lima and Lais Ribeiro took over Rio De Janeiro Carnival on Saturday night, as the spectacle kicked off in Brazil. Lais, 27, flaunted her model physique in a figure-hugging carnival outfit while Adriana, 36, opted for black and gold ensemble that displayed major sideboob. Lais looked every inch the lingerie model as she showcased her long legs and washboard abs in the slim-fitting outfit. The stunner showed off her pride for her Brazilian origins in the ensemble, which saw her pin her raven locks back into a tight bun so she could rock an orange and red plumed feather hat. Her gold and black top featured a deep-plunging neckline, and cut-off just above her stomach to show off her stunning physique. The model's ensemble was completed with short gold shots, and she stepped out in knee-length gold boots that gave her quite the gladiator vibe. Taking to Instagram ahead of the party, the beauty posted some stunning pictures of herself in the outfit looking out to sea. Posing in front of her picture-perfect surroundings, Lais looked incredible and outlined her excitement with the caption: 'Vem Carnaval! I’m ready for you!' Her fans were loving the look as many commented telling her she was beautiful, and one even wrote: 'Brazil home of the supermodel.' The beauty was also seen with IMG model Jasmine Tookes, who wore an all-black carnival ensemble that matched her counterpart. The fringed outfit featured a deep plunging neckline, and hugged her statuesque body as she partied. In an Instagram post about the event, the beauty wrote: 'This Brazilian bombshell dragged me to Carnaval & I cannot wait for tonight.' Lais posed for photographer Jerome Duran, who posted some stunning pictures with her and Adriana using the caption: 'Let the games begin' before adding 'Love these 2!' with the hashtag #myhotfriends. Adriana also looked incredible during the party, as she put on a leggy display in black booty shorts and wedge sandals. The model slipped into a black and gold tank top that showed off her assets at the Camarote Nº1 party. The beauty also put on dramatic make-up for the event as she highlighted her blue eyes with bold black eyeliner. Other than the bold eye-makeup the stunner opted for minimal covering that highlighted her natural beauty. The raven-haired beauty, who has been a Victoria's Secret Angel since 1999, appeared in high spirits as she chatted to fans and her fellow models. The ducks were portrayed as being manipulated by a politician's giant hand - a reference to claims that the street protests were organized by forces hoping to see Temer take power. The face-off between the samba schools in the purpose-built Sambodromo is taken every bit as seriously as the city's other great love, football. Each school gets about an hour to parade with some 3,000 dancers, singers and drummers dressed in over-the-top costumes. Last year, the contest ended in a draw between the Mocidade and Portela schools. The new champion will be announced on Wednesday. One of the big names to watch in the session running overnight from Monday to Tuesday will be the Beija-Flor school. They too are going political, with dancers dressed as politicians and businessmen behind bars - a nod to the sprawling Car Wash anti-corruption probe that has put many powerful Brazilians in prison. 
963015343651344384	2018-02-12 11:42:04	https://t.co/q8JHHwettw	Tiny male python and the massive 20ft female he was mating with are killed and cooked up by hungry villagers https://t.co/q8JHHwettw	 A massive 20 foot female python and the tiny male it was mating with were killed by hungry villagers who chopped up the creatures and cooked them in a stir fry. Locals on the Malaysian island of Borneo found the pair inside a fallen tree while they were on a hunting trip last Saturday. As they passed, the group heard strange noises coming from inside the dried out hollow log. Using a chainsaw they cut through the bark and were thrilled to see the romping reptiles - which are considered a delicacy in the remote Sarawak region Several men dragged the beasts out before they were shot and hauled on to a truck. Later they were served up to hungry townsfolk. Prepared according to local custom, python is grilled over a fire or fried in a pan with vegetables then eaten with rice. Delighted Tinsung Ujang, 60, who found the pair, said villagers in the town of Bintulu near the Kelawit River would feast on the meat for days. He said: 'I looked down into the hole in the wood and was surprised to see the female mating with a smaller male snake. 'We had to split the timber to reach them and it was difficult to remove the snakes because of their size and the position. They were locked together. 'I was even more surprised because I have never seen snakes mating before and never seen a giant python that was more than five metres long like this. The male python was quite small. 'It was an amazing occurrence and I proceeded to shoot the two reptiles because for our community it is an exotic dish that is also our favourite dish.' Tinsung said when he returned to town with the pythons on the back of a pick-up truck he was greeted with cheers. 'The snake meat was then divided and its share was distributed equally to villagers and nearby farm workers.' Reticulated pythons, a species found in Southeast Asia, are the worlds longest and largest snakes. They are excellent swimmers and, like all pythons, are non venomous constrictors. 
963014346828926976	2018-02-12 11:38:06	https://t.co/MWJaJ5d1kb	Driver crashes his Chevrolet through the WALL of a second-storey car park while bending over to pick up a USB cable https://t.co/MWJaJ5d1kb	 This is the shocking moment a husband in China drove his car straight through the wall of a multi-storey car park while bending over to pick up his belongings. The car, a Chevrolet, flipped and landed on its roof after plunging down from the second storey on February 4 in Chongqing, reported Chinese news outlet CGTN. Both the driver and his wife, who was on the passenger seat, reportedly survived the accident with minor injuries. The accident took place around noon in a car park on Furen Lu in Chongqing's Nan'an district. The driver, known by his surname Zhang, had apparently been trying to pick up a USB cable before losing control of the white vehicle. Panicked by the situation, he stepped on the accelerator instead of the brake, which caused him to crash into the wall, said CGTN. Mr Zhang and his wife were pulled out of the car by onlookers and security guards, reported Chongqing Morning Post. They are said to have been slightly injured. Police are investigating the accident.
963011067956867073	2018-02-12 11:25:05	https://t.co/7pTHKLOGJR	The 10,000-year-old rock art that rewrites the history of Saudi Arabia https://t.co/7pTHKLOGJR	 Ancient rock art discovered in Saudi Arabia shows more than 6,600 depictions of wildlife - proving the area was home to a vast range of creatures in prehistoric times. The engravings, some of which date back to 8,000BC, include images of rare antelope, aurochs, wild camels and African asses, previously not known to live in this area. Although the area is now a rocky desert, experts believe it would have been a haven for plant and animal life up until 6,000 years ago. Scroll down for video Researchers from the Max Planck Institute for the Science of Human History in Jena, Germany, studied rock art at UNESCO World Heritage Sites Jubbah and Shuwaymis. They looked at more than 6,618 rock engraving panels that provide insight into ancient life in the Arabian peninsula - which we currently know very little about. The animals they found had never been listed on local archaeological records, writes New Scientist. One of the key findings were images of an antelope called lesser kudu, which has distinctive spiral horns, and before now was not believed to have left Africa. Aurochs, the ancestors of modern domestic cattle, were also depicted in the drawings as well as wild camels and African wild asses. Previously, none of these animals were believed to have lived in this part of Arabia. Experts believe the area would have been home to an abundance of vegetation that flourished under monsoon rains. Shuwaymis is a hilly region of northwestern Saudi Arabia, where in the past seasonal rains would have formed rivers that supported the growth of vegetation. Jubbah is an a more open area about 125 miles (200 km) north, which would have once featured numerous lakes. Human presence in the Arabian Peninsula dates back one million years. Out of 4,000 registered archaeological sites in Saudi Arabia, 1,500 include rock art. The earliest examples date to around 12,000 years ago. These depictions show masked men and women dancing, and experts believe they could be mythological figures, although the meaning remains unclear. Between ten and eight thousand years ago people started herding animals and carrying out primitive agriculture. During this period, drawings increasingly show cattle and dogs. Experts believe these animals had been domesticated and were part of their everyday life. Some include images of rare antelope, aurochs, wild camels and African asses, previously not known to live in this area. Aurochs, the ancestors of modern domestic cattle, were also depicted in the drawings as well as wild camels and African wild asses. Archaeologists also uncovered drawings from this period depicting a hunter drawing his bow surrounded by a pack of 13 dogs, two of which appear to be tethered. The find is thought to be the oldest ever depiction of a dog, as well as such restraints being used to control them. Previously, the earliest evidence came from a wall painting in Egypt which is believed to date back around 5,500 years. All of the carvings show medium-sized creatures with pricked up ears, short snouts, and curled tails, suggesting they are domesticated rather than wild animals. Experts say they closely resemble the modern species of Canaan dog, found running wild in the deserts of the Middle East today. From five thousand years ago, circular stone structures and other archaeological remains suggest sedentary communities were starting to form. They had temples and sculpted images of deities on stones or rock faces. There are lots of similar depictions of goddesses with wide hips, raised hands and open fingers. Source: Bradshaw foundation 'Our knowledge of the prehistoric distribution of animal species is so far largely dependent on the location of excavated archaeological and palaeontological sites', researchers wrote in the paper published in the Journal of Biogeography. 'In the absence of excavated faunal remains, many species that were present in the Levant and North Africa have been assumed to have been absent on the Arabian Peninsula. 'Here, we explore representations of four species that were identifiable in the rock art, but had not previously been reported in north-western Arabia.' In November, archaeologists uncovered drawings from the same site depicting a hunter drawing his bow surrounded by a pack of 13 dogs, two of which appear to be tethered. The find is thought to be the oldest ever depiction of a dog, as well as such restraints being used to control them. Previously, the earliest evidence came from a wall painting in Egypt which is believed to date back around 5,500 years. Researchers found nearly 7, 000 images of animals and humans of which 349, found at two sites, depict dogs - 156 at Shuwaymis and 193 at Jubbah. All of the carvings show medium-sized creatures with pricked up ears, short snouts, and curled tails, suggesting they are domesticated rather than wild animals. Experts say they closely resemble the modern species of Canaan dog, found running wild in the deserts of the Middle East today. The hunters may have used the leashes to keep valuable scent dogs close or to train new dogs, the researchers say, as well as freeing a hunters hands for his bow. Alternatively, the images may hold a purely symbolic meaning, representing the bond between the animals and their masters. Speaking to Science, Melinda Zeder, an archaeozoologist at the Smithsonian Institution National Museum of Natural History in Washington DC, who was not involved in the study, said: 'It's truly astounding stuff.' 'It's the only real demonstration we have of humans using early dogs to hunt.' Hunter-gatherers entered, or perhaps returned to, the region around 10,000 years ago.
963008128815194112	2018-02-12 11:13:24	https://t.co/G2xjw8YwIG	Spy's message which fooled Hitler and his Nazi generals into thinking the D-Day landings were just a diversion https://t.co/G2xjw8YwIG	 A piece of German intelligence that wrongly described the D-Day landings as a diversion and caused Adolf Hitler to delay his response to it has been discovered 74 years later. The top secret telex was sent to Berlin by a man who was posing as a German spy in London, three days after the Normandy invasion started on June 6, 1944. The agent, going by his German codename 'Alaric', had met with three other German spies, who had adopted the English names of 'Jonny', 'Dick' and 'Dorrick', to discuss the landings. But it has emerged that the telex was actually sent by Spanish businessman Juan Pujol Garcia, known as Garbo, who was Britain's most valuable double agent. The spies believed the operation was a 'diversion' ahead of a 'strike on a completely different location', probably Calais which was much closer to England. Pujol was so trusted that he received the Iron Cross from Hitler who, acting on the dodgy intelligence, made one of the biggest blunders of the war. Fearing a larger, impending Allied invasion force at Pas-de-Calais, he delayed diverting extra troops and tanks to Normandy for seven weeks after D-Day. It proved fatal as the Allies were able to gain a strong foothold in France and within a year had liberated France, Belgium, Holland before invading Germany. It is thought the two page telex was intercepted by MI5 who allowed it to go through. It belonged to a member of staff who worked at the War Office in London for 30 years and has now been consigned for auction in Cornwall by his son. Translated into English, the fatal message reads: 'It is my opinion that because of the strong readiness of the military troops in south east and east England and because they are not taking part in operations, the ones they do take part in are diversion manoeuvres with the purpose to draw attention to them and therefore to strike on a completely different location. 'This could under the circumstances of their continuous air strikes on the strategic locations around it, and because of the readiness of the already mentioned troops as well, be the area of Pas de Calais. 'Especially because in the eventuality of such a strike, the near located air base could give the necessary and continuous air strikes that they would need to undertake such a project.' The telex has a pre-sale estimate of £220. Pas-de-Calais was the closest point between France and Britain but the Allies decided against invading there because it was the most heavily fortified section of Hitler's so-called Atlantic Wall. However, they went to great lengths to fool the Germans into thinking the invasion would take place there. To give the appearance of a massive troop build-up in south east England, the Allies created a largely phantom fighting force. They broadcast endless hours of fake radio transmissions about troop movements and fashioned an armada of decoy landing crafts at the entrance to the River Thames. Inflatable tanks were deployed and rollers used to simulate tire tracks left behind in their wake. In the weeks leading up to and after the invasion the Allies stepped up aerial attacks on Calais including dropping aluminum strips to give false radar readings. Ian Morris, auctioneer at Jefferys, of Lostwithiel, Cornwall, said: 'This transmission is of great historical interest, particularly when you consider its timing just three days after the D-Day landings. 'It shows the German spies evidently fell for the Allies deception because they thought the main thrust of the offensive would still take place in Pas-de-Calais. 'The vendor's father worked in the War Office for many years and took the documents when they were decommisioned. 'The traditional English names the spies refer to themselves as such as Johnny and Dick are quite amusing. 'Its contents are fascinating when it refers to the D-Day landings as diversion manoeuvres before a strike on a completely different location.' The auction takes place on Wednesday. The Allied invasion of Normandy beginning on D-Day, June 6, 1944, has gone down in history as a spectacular military success. But less well known are the extraordinary efforts the Allies and their intelligence services had made to deceive Hitler about their plans. Operation Mincemeat was a spectacular plot used to deceive the Germans and helped change the course of World War Two. It started when a homeless tramp from South Wales was found dying in an abandoned warehouse near King's Cross in London and was taken to St Pancras Hospital, where he died. He was believed to have swallowed rat poison in a suicide attempt, which caused fluid to build up in his lungs - consistent with death at sea. The dead man's name was Glyndwr Michael, and he was 34 years of age a the time of his death. The coroner agreed to keep Michael's body in a cold store while the architects of the plan - Lieutenant Commander Ewen Montagu and Charles Cholmondeley - set about the task of creating a new identity for their corpse. Glyndwr Michael was turned into Captain William 'Bill' H.N. Martin of the Royal Marines. He was given an identity card, no. 148228. They chose the name because there was a number of William Martins on the Navy List for 1942, and they wanted German intelligence to be able to check. He was given a suitcase full of fake documents which indicated the Allied armies massed in North Africa were aiming for Greece. Montagu even gave 'The Man Who Never Was' a romance, complete with a bill for an engagement ring, and two carefully prepared love letters, plus a photograph of his 'fiancee'. In April 1943, the body was dropped into the sea from a Royal Navy submarine and then floated towards the coast of Spain. Operation Mincemeat fooled Hitler completely: German troops were deployed to the wrong place; thousands of British, Canadian and American lives were saved; Mussolini was deposed; and the course of World War Two was changed. The operation was not related to the newly revealed German message. Meanwhile, Agent Garbo was the most successful double agent of the Second World War, running a network of fictional spies who helped pull off D-Day. After developing a loathing of the Fascist regimes in Europe during the Spanish Civil War, Pujol became a spy for the Allies to do something 'for the good of humanity'. Pujol and his wife contacted the British and American intelligence agencies, but each rejected his offer. Undeterred, he created a false identity as a fanatically pro-Nazi Spanish government official and successfully became a German agent. Pujol soon established himself as a trustworthy agent and began inventing fictional sub-agents who could be blamed for false information and mistakes. But Garbo, the colourful Spaniard at the centre of Operation Double Cross, had more important things to worry about than the Nazis. His 'highly emotional and temperamental' wife nearly derailed D-Day after threatening to unmask him when he refused to let her go to a party at the Spanish Embassy. She even left the gas taps on in an apparent suicide attempt because she was homesick, according to secret service files released by the National Archives at Kew in 2016. Garbo, whose real name was Juan Pujol Garcia, almost single-handedly ran a network of fictional spies who fed the Germans false information. Once he had earned their trust, he sent misleading intelligence in the run-up to D-Day that convinced the Nazis to deploy troops away from real landing sites. The elaborate deception was conducted from his semi-detached home in Hendon, north west London. 
962999149733076992	2018-02-12 10:37:43	https://t.co/8xk0g7vOqs	Terrifying moment gas from an overturned tanker explodes into a wall of flame on a Chinese highway https://t.co/8xk0g7vOqs	 A Chinese highway transformed into a raging inferno after an overturned tanker coated the road in liquid natural gas, creating a potential deathtrap for unsuspecting motorists. Two people were seriously burned and another six sustained light injuries, according to local media reports. A blue sedan can be seen in the video bursting into flames just moments after the driver pulled onto the shoulder behind the tanker truck. As he pulls over, the entire length of road turns into a sea of flame, engulfing another car and incinerating trees and bushes edging the road. He then dashes out of the car in a desperate bid to escape. The car doors open on the white sedan near the flames, and the passenger is seen running from the car as fast as possible. The dramatic footage was taken Sunday along a motorway in Hebei province, bordering Beijing. The car filming the scene quickly reversed, trying to escape the surging flames. Passengers in the filming car, including children, are heard screaming. The rig's drivers escaped injury. The Beijing-Harbin Expressway, where the incident occurred, is a major thoroughfare for trucks carrying coal, LNG and other commodities, as well as motorists. The scene occurred ahead of the beginning of Chinese New Year this week, when the country's roads are packed with people heading home to visit their families in what is often described as the world's largest human migration. 
