942749257857224705	2017-12-18 13:31:53	https://t.co/9m3TCNnRUx	Saudi Prince bin Salman 'was mystery buyer' of $320m house https://t.co/9m3TCNnRUx	Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman was the mystery buyer of a luxury French house, according to reporting by the New York Times.The newspaper says a paper trail from a 2015 purchase leads back to him through several shell companies.The house, near Versailles, has a wine cellar, a cinema and a moat with koi, sturgeon and an underwater chamber.It cost €275m ($320m, £240m) and Fortune magazine called it the world's most expensive house.The buyer was unknown at the time.But the New York Times reports that documents showed the house was owned by an investment company managed by Prince Mohammed's personal foundation.The Saudi government has declined to comment on the report. A spokeswoman for the Saudi embassy in Washington accused New York Times journalists of "subjective reporting" and serving a "personal agenda". In spite of this subjective reporting that self serves their personal agenda, the silver lining here is that there’s even more motivation to continually engage with the Press to share KSA’s amazing transformational story under the guidance of our current leadership. https://t.co/uLuwM4p8tOEnd of Twitter post by @FatimahSBaeshenFrom the exterior, the Chateau Louis XIV appears to be a 17th-Century chateau, constructed in a similar style to the nearby palace at Versailles.On closer inspection, however, this is not the case: it was built after developer Emad Khashoggi demolished a 19th-Century building that had previously stood on the 57-acre (23-hectare) site and is modern inside. According to reports, its fountains and air conditioning, as well as lights and music, can be controlled by smartphone.A local official told the New York Times: "The idea is tacky, and then once you visit it isn't."In 2015, Prince Mohammed reportedly bought himself a yacht from a Russian businessman for $590m.
942729263039614976	2017-12-18 12:12:26	https://t.co/dUB9ItNZVu	Shinee singer Kim Jong-hyun: K-pop boy band superstar dies https://t.co/dUB9ItNZVu	A member of one of South Korea's biggest boy bands has died suddenly.Jonghyun, full name Kim Jong-hyun, was one of the five members of Shinee, who have had a string of number one hits in their home country.The Korean Herald said he was 28 years old. He was taken to hospital after being found unconscious in an apartment in Seoul, according to reports.Police told the BBC Korean Service that suicide will be investigated as a possibility.South Korean news agency Yonhap reported that emergency services were alerted by the singer's sister, and that he was later pronounced dead at hospital.Jonghyun shot to fame when the band was formed by K-Pop hit factory SM Entertainment in 2008.As well as being a singer and an accomplished dancer, he played a large part in the group's songwriting and production, and launched a successful solo career in 2015.He has also made headlines for voicing his opinion on issues like the government's education policy and for speaking out in support of LGBT rights.Tributes have been paid on Twitter.regardless of what fandom you're in, today the kpop community mourns together. I don't even know what to say, just that I'm sorry we lost you Jonghyun. I am a sone but damn this hurts like hell. RIP Jonghyun we will miss you dearly.End of Twitter post by @foreversoshiLets remember Jonghyun for all the great things he did over the years, for gifting us the opportunity to love someone entirely & for letting us see the sheer dedication he had towards his group, fans and family. Fly high 🦋End of Twitter post by @Mix9_officialShinee's dance-pop has also been big outside South Korea. The group have recorded a string of Japanese-language albums and sold out the 55,000-seat Tokyo Dome.In the UK, Odeon's website crashed a minute after tickets became available for their appearance at the Korean Film Festival in London in 2011, and they played their first North American tour earlier this year.Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
942725977112829953	2017-12-18 11:59:22	https://t.co/v91iVNXepO	Libyan port city mayor abducted and killed https://t.co/v91iVNXepO	Unknown gunmen have killed the mayor of Libya's port city Misrata after reportedly chasing his car and kidnapping him.Mayor Mohamad Eshtewi's body was found dumped in the street not long after returning to the city from an official visit to Turkey.Libya's third-largest city is reputed to be safer and more stable than most in the conflict-ridden country.But the mayor had faced growing opposition earlier this year.Diplomats have condemned the killing. Ghassan Salame, special representative to Libya's UN mission (UNSMIL), said he felt "deep grief".Mr Eshtewi was abducted by unknown assailants after leaving the airport in the city. A Libyan official, Abubakr Alhraish, told the BBC that the mayor had chosen not to have his usual protection."The mayor normally travels with security but he opted out after his arrival from Istanbul because he said his brother was picking him up from the airport."Mr Alhraish said the mayor and his brother had been ambushed by four assailants, who then shot the brother in the leg and abducted the mayor. He added:"The brother survived. The mayor's body was found about half-an-hour later in front of al-Safwa hospital in Misrata."There is a city-wide investigation to uncover who was behind this."The port city of Misrata is a key gateway for food and other imports into Libya. It is also the country's only tax-free zone. It is one of the few places where foreign business people feel safe enough to work, fearing poor security elsewhere. Assassinations are nothing new in Libya but this is one of the most high-profile killings this year. It is a worrying development because Misrata has largely been immune to killings and kidnappings targeting high-profile people.It is also a concern for international mediators in the country's ongoing political and military crisis, because Misrata's powerful armed groups and political figures are seen as key to any eventual deal between Libya's regional factions.While it is not yet known who killed Mr Eshtewi, the spotlight is likely to fall on the mayor's opponents in the city. He faced growing opposition from parts of the military council there earlier this year who tried to oust him from power but failed. The city's courthouse also suffered a deadly attack in October which was claimed by so-called Islamic State. Whoever turns out to be responsible for this killing, it is ultimately symptomatic of the political chaos still plaguing the country.
942716093302390784	2017-12-18 11:20:06	https://t.co/H85qlopZBq	The town that disappeared https://t.co/H85qlopZBq https://t.co/Tx2Y42NJL9	“There’s the baker’s where I used to nip out in my breaks to buy rolls,” he says. “Next door is the tailor’s where all the latest fashions were on display. And that’s the sports hall where I used to go after work.” We are walking past rows of abandoned Soviet-era buildings - windows gaping, roofs sagging and entrance ways overgrown. The air is still and it’s almost frighteningly silent. But as Vladimir points out familiar places, he seems to conjure up the spirits of the past and the ghost town of Kadykchan comes slowly back to life. If you experience problems with this video you may want to change your browser. Vladimir has lived in Magadan region in the Far East all his life. His family story is typical of this vast and remote area, a place so far away that people here refer to the rest of Russia as “the mainland”. In 1938 his father Mikhail, who was from near Moscow, was sent to a labour camp here to serve out a five-year sentence for a minor criminal offence. “He never said much about it, but I know he escaped being shot twice because he was a good worker.” His mother Yevtaliya, who was from Ufa in the Urals, arrived in 1946 as a volunteer with the Communist Youth Organization. “Young people were different in those days. They wanted to build things and do something good for the country.” Both parents were electricians and worked at the many power plants and generating stations dotted across the region. In 1974 the family moved to Kadykchan, a small coal-mining town. Like every settlement in this part of Russia, Kadykchan started life as a prison camp. The whole area is known colloquially as Kolyma, after the vast river that runs through it. Its name still strikes fear in the hearts of Russians. It was opened in the 1930s by Stalin who wanted access to its mineral, metal and gold deposits to support the rapid industrialization of the USSR. In the brutal logic of those times the quickest way to exploit Kolyma’s riches was to use forced labour. Almost a million prisoners passed through Kolyma in the quarter of a century that the camps operated here. At least 200,000 died in the unforgiving conditions - poorly fed, ill-equipped and facing winter temperatures as low as -50C. Varlam Shalamov, one of Soviet Russia’s most important writers, spent nearly two decades in the camps here, including two brutal years in Kadykchan working in the newly opened coal mine. Shalamov was sent to Kadykchan in 1940, just two years after Vladimir’s father arrived in the camps. Varlam Shalamov (RGALI) In his searing collection of short stories, Kolyma Tales, he summed up life for prisoners at the mine. “Bloody blisters, hunger and beatings. That’s how Kadykchan welcomed us.” By the time Vladimir and his parents moved to Kadykchan the camp had long closed down and the town’s two coal mines Number 10, and Number 7 were operated by civilians. Miners came from other coal-mining areas all over the USSR, attracted by the promise of a flat and a good salary. The population was growing and would reach almost 6,000 people by the end of the following decade. In the 1970s, life in Kadykchan was good. The Soviet Union looked after its industrial workers, especially those working in far-flung outposts like Kolyma. The local shops were well supplied with goods and the Polar Restaurant always had wine and live music. There was a hospital and two schools. In the long Northern summers the local cultural centre hosted a White Nights music festival, and there were Alain Delon films on show at the newly opened Coal-Miner’s Cinema, where Vladimir spent nearly seven years working as a projectionist. Everything in the town was organized around the mine, including the cinema performances, which were spaced across the day in order to accommodate the miners’ shift patterns. Vladimir remembers happy days celebrating birthdays and holidays in the cinema staff room. We used to hang fish to dry in the space over the stairwell, and you could always get a cold beer from Aunty Tanya in the buffet.” Kadykchan was a town full of young people, where the distance and the extreme climate brought people together. “I always loved those winter evenings when the temperature rose to -30C, and it felt warm enough for everyone to come out for a walk on our main pedestrian street – we called it Broadway.” In 1987 Vladimir left Kadykchan and moved to a job at a nearby local power plant. His new home was 15 minutes’ drive away, and from the fifth floor windows of his new flat, he could still see the outlines of Kadykchan in the distance. This was the era Mikhail Gorbachev’s “perestroika” reforms, and the changes that were happening across the USSR reached Kadykchan too. Gennady Shchepalkin and his wife Tatiana were both born in the town. “I was the first baby born in the Kadykchan maternity hospital,” she says. Gennady and Tanya met at the school disco in the autumn of 1984, with the northern lights shining in the night sky. It was love at first sight. Gennady and Tatiana Shchepalkin They got married in 1988 and the following year Gennady started work in Coal Mine Number 7. “New people started appearing in the town,” he remembers. “The atmosphere was different.” The Soviet command economy was falling apart. Wages at the mine were no longer paid on time, but sometimes there were unexpected opportunities. Once we all got the chance to buy a video recorder on credit through work. There was a sudden boom in video cassettes!” As the 1990s began and the Soviet Union collapsed, life in Kadykchan became much tougher. “Salaries weren’t being paid and people couldn’t even buy basic things like food,” says Tatiana. “Imagine your husband comes home from the mine and you’ve got nothing to give him to eat. The children are hungry.” Mine Number 7 closed down in 1992, its coal reserves exhausted. People began leaving Kadykchan for jobs in other parts of the country. And then in 1996 tragedy struck. On Friday 15 November at 1135, as the morning shift was coming to an end, a methane blast ripped through Mine Number 10. There were 27 miners on shift, and six of them were killed. The loss was felt by the whole town. Local newspaper The Northern Miner reporting the accident at the Kadykchan mine All work at the mine stopped and most of the staff were sent home indefinitely on reduced pay. The local authorities decided it was not viable to keep the mine running and over the next two years the tortuous process of negotiating its closure dragged on. The local newspapers from that time were full of stories reflecting the desperation of Kadykchan residents facing poverty, uncertainty, and a real fear each winter that the town’s failing central heating plant would stop working. In 1998 the end finally came. The entrance to Mine Number 10 was blown up and the mine shaft flooded to stop intruders getting in. After 60 long years, coal-mining in Kadykchan was finished. Without it the town no longer had a reason to exist. Tatiana and Gennady today Everyone made plans to leave. Tatiana’s aunts were among the last to go. “It was terrible. People were in a panic because it was almost impossible to find somewhere to live with the small amount of compensation on offer,” she says. “The money was given as a certificate which expired after a short time, so if you didn’t manage to buy anything you had to start all over again.” Things were so desperate people were shooting dogs for food.” As the last residents moved out, the local council moved in and set fire to all the main buildings. The Coal-Miner’s Cinema went up in flames and the roof crashed down onto the once pristine auditorium. Vladimir saw the smoke rising in the distance. He still finds it hard to come to terms with what happened in Kadykchan. “Your soul refuses to believe it,” he says. “But that’s how it is.” At the Russian Presidential Academy of the National Economy and Public Administration in south-western Moscow, a conference is getting underway. People from 14 different regions are taking part, from Yakutia in the Far East to Yaroslavl in central Russia. All are facing the same problem – they represent monotowns – places like Kadykchan where the local economy relies on a single, often struggling industry. Aleksey Panin - Mayor of Sherlovaya Gora At a quarter past one, it’s the turn of a team from Sherlovaya Gora, a remote Siberian mining town close to the Chinese border and with a population of just over 12,000 people. Taking a deep breath before a Powerpoint presentation full of management jargon, town mayor Aleksey Panin outlines the results of a SWOT analysis of the local economy. We have strengths, he says – lots of coal and other minerals, and proximity to lucrative markets in China. There are weaknesses – high electricity costs, poor medical facilities and rail links. There’s a big opportunity – to develop tourism at the nearby national park, but there’s also a threat – competition from China. Delegates at a monotowns conference All in all, members of the team say they can see possibilities to expand local industry, develop standards of living, and by 2035 they hope to be a major centre for industry and agricultural production. It’s an optimistic overview of a situation which sounds challenging in the extreme. The conference is all in a day’s work for Elena Dugina, an upbeat academic who has studied and taught in the UK and now runs the Monotowns Educational Development Programme at the Academy. Elena Dugina It’s her job to help monotowns to diversify and to get themselves off the critical list. There are currently 319 towns on the government’s at risk list. They are dotted across the country and according to the State Duma they’re home to around 10 percent of the population – that’s more than 14 million people. They range from small places with no more than 8,000 inhabitants to big cities like Cherepovets, a major steel producer, and Vorkuta, home to the Far Northern coal industry. “Monotowns are divided into three categories,” Elena explains. “In the first everything is OK for now, but we need to think about the future when the goods they produce may no longer be in demand. “The second is where production is already falling. And the third is the most dramatic, where the local factory has either closed or is about to be closed down.” Elena presents at the conference Monotowns tend to have twice as many people out of work as an average town, and a survey in 2016 by the Federal Guard Service showed that as many as 60 percent of monotown residents described their lives as “intolerable” or “barely tolerable”. The numbers are clearly a cause for concern for the Russian government, all the more so as the country deals with a turbulent global economy and the effects of international sanctions over the annexation of Crimea. All this with a presidential election looming in 2018. Three years ago a new national programme was set up to tackle the problem. The Development Fund for Monotowns has a budget of just over $450m (£335m) to invest until 2020. President Putin himself is closely following its progress. Part of the money is going to run Elena’s training programme, which aims to put five people from local government and key enterprises in all 319 monotowns through a crash course in business development over the next year and a half. The accent is very much on local people working together to help themselves. All the towns in the programme are required to achieve a set of key indicators by the start of 2018. These include attracting independent investment, creating jobs and implementing a programme of urban renewal projects in consultation with the local community. “It’s quite tough,” says Elena. “It’s undoubtedly pressurising them. But if we don’t do this now, then things will become more turbulent, and we will never achieve our long-term ends.” There are already some small signs of early success. Elena cites examples of places where a toy factory, a pizza parlour, or a technopark have helped to bring new life to a failing town. In the past 20 years, the city has lost more than half its population, as the coal industry has slowed down. The surrounding region is full of empty and abandoned mining settlements where at most a handful of old people remain. Abandoned cinema in Vorkuta But the city now has plans in place to encourage its remaining population to stay in opening shops and entertainment centres, developing the high-tech sector and encouraging small businesses selling local handicrafts and delicacies. But will people want to stay, and why does the government even want to keep its citizens living in remote parts of the country? Elena offers a diplomatic answer, saying that it's not sustainable for everyone to live in big cities like Moscow, and that the Russian economy needs a network of regional hubs to bring new life to the national economy. "Lots of people are patriots of the Far North or East," she says. "They like living there." But everyone acknowledges that however politically important it might be for the Russian government to have people living on the outer edges of country, not every place on the list of monotowns will survive. Some that still have a viable local industry could bring workers in and out on short-term fixed contracts. Others will shut down altogether. “Not when the government decides,” says Elena, “But when the people who live there decide there’s no point staying.” “One day in 2007 I saw an advert for film extras. They wanted men who looked beaten down by life. I thought, that sounds like me, so I went along.” Writer Aleksandr Bondarev remembers how he landed a small part as a prisoner in a television series about Stalin's gulag. If Alexandr was looking down at heel it was not surprising. Like many people in Kirovsk - a mining town of 30,000 people above the Arctic Circle - he’d lived through hard times for much of the previous decade. A former Russian literature teacher, he was laid off in the 1990s as the economy collapsed. This was the decade when the town’s biggest employer, the Apatit mining company, teetered on the brink. The grand local railway station was sold off and abandoned, the airport went bankrupt, and even the magnificent Bolshevik cinema – the first sound cinema in the region – shut down. Photograph from the set of Avalanche,1975 It was also the only decade since Kirovsk was founded in 1929, when no films were made in the town. Until 1992 Soviet film directors had flocked to Kirovsk drawn by its beautiful scenery which over the years has been used as a stand-in for everywhere from the Russian Far East to the American Mid-West. It became known as the Arctic Hollywood. Kirovsk stood in as an American gold rush town in “Smoke and the Boy”, 1975 We’ve got mountains, rivers, waterfalls, lakes, and forests, says Aleksandr. “And it’s all just a short plane ride from Moscow and St Petersburg.” Scene from Avalanche,1975 What brought the film crews back to Kirovsk, opened up a new line of work for Aleksandr, and began a dramatic turnaround in the town’s fortunes was the arrival on the scene of PhosAgro, an agrochemicals company headed by reclusive Russian businessman Andrey Guryev. Guryev had acquired a major interest in the Apatit mining company in the roller-coaster 1990s, when battles were fought and lucrative deals done to snap up crumbling former state enterprises. Although the mining company needed a major overhaul, it had something incredibly valuable – some of the biggest deposits in the world of high-grade apatite, an ore used to produce phosphate fertilizers, and essential to agriculture. Guryev also bought up a network of related industrial plants, which in 2001 became PhosAgro with Apatit as its flagship company. PhosAgro is now transforming Apatit into a 21st-Century operation, and in the process helping Kirovsk try to diversify its economy and became less dangerously dependent on the mining industry. Andrey Abrashitov At the Apatit mining company’s Kirovsk mine general director Andrey Abrashitov is putting on his safety gear and getting ready to go underground. A tall heavy-set man with a shaven head and wearing a PhosAgro fleece, Andrey is not your average company executive. “I’m a fourth generation miner,” he says. “My great-grandfather was a coal miner in Donetsk, my grandfather and father worked in the mines here all their lives. I started out doing shifts alongside my dad. In the past 20 years we’ve seen some colossal changes. You just can’t compare the conditions miners used to work in, with what we have now. They would be speechless if they could see it.” The Kirovsk mine began life in the 1930s as an open cast pit, dug out by forced labourers with pickaxes. It was hellish work, says Andrey, who like everyone here retains a deep respect for the sheer grit and endurance of the people who worked and often died here in those early days. PhosAgro have invested millions in state-of-the-art excavation technology in the network of underground and opencast mines they operate in and around Kirovsk. They also own two huge processing plants where the ore is turned into concentrate for export to fertilizer plants in Russia and across the world. Horses transporting the ore in the 1930s Soviet-era manually operated drilling equipment has been replaced by machines which can do the job much faster and more efficiently. Mining now is less about brute strength and more about learning how to operate complex machinery. Safety is also a big priority. At the entrance to the lift shaft, a big sign exhorts miners to “Take Care! Remember who is waiting for you at home”. Sign at the entrance to the lift shaft “Work underground is not for everyone,” says a caption in one of PhosAgro’s souvenir photo albums. It’s hard to disagree. These days a miner at the Kirovsk pit can expect to take home up to $1,700 (£1,300) per month. A very good salary by current Russian standards. But progress comes at a price. Over the past decade, Apatit has cut its core workforce from 10,000 to 5,000 people. Some staff have been laid off, others have been transferred to new privately-owned companies involved in essential areas like vehicle maintenance. Around 3,200 people work for PhosAgro subsidiaries running a range of facilities including the newly renovated company sanatorium and spa. While some former Apatit workers have used their redundancy deals to invest in small businesses of their own, the plethora of small short-term loan companies in Kirovsk, suggests not everyone in the town has made a successful transition to the private sector. At the Stalinist-era Palace of Culture preparations are in full swing for Miners Day. The Northern Fleet Choir is due to give a concert for local pensioners and tables are set up for a reception afterwards. Pride of place in one corner is a little replica of a typical Soviet living room, complete with 1970s green armchairs, a carpet on the wall and a clunky white plastic telephone. “It’s so people can take photos of themselves and remember the old days,” says the manager. After the dark years of the 1990s, the town authorities are clearly doing their best to make their pensioners feel they are no longer forgotten. Vladimir Dyadik But for Kirovsk mayor Vladimir Dyadik, who has popped by to check on the preparations, it’s not just the older generation he has to worry about. Unfortunately many of our young people are leaving. It’s hard to keep them, and it’s also hard to attract well-qualified young workers to move here.” In partnership with PhosAgro, Kirovsk has had some success running apprenticeships in the industrial sector. The next stage is to do more targeted training in areas like tourism and hotel management. “There’s a great potential here, he says, “We just need to work hard to make it happen.” One thing which might make Mayor Dyadik’s task a little easier, he says, is that because Kirovsk is officially classified as a monotown, the local authorities can offer new businesses tax breaks under a scheme which recognizes the town as a special development area. Everyone in Kirovsk has high hopes pinned on tourism. The spectacular local landscape which has long attracted filmmakers is also ideal for hiking, fishing, and winter sports. Aleksandr Gilgenberg At the Big Wood Ski resort, Aleksandr Gilgenberg is surveying the view from the top of the slopes. As PhosAgro’s executive director in Kirovsk he’s the man with a finger on the pulse of the many projects the company is involved in. He seems genuinely enthusiastic about the changes now happening. The ski-resort - owned and managed by PhosAgro – is a flagship project designed to turn Kirovsk into a new winter holiday destination. With guaranteed heavy snowfalls and a season lasting from November to May, Big Wood markets itself as a family resort where skiers and snowboarders can come for short breaks. At the moment 60 percent of visitors come from St Petersburg, Moscow or nearby Norway, while the rest are from Murmansk region. If the comments on internet tourism sites are anything to go by, visitors seem to like the facilities and the prices on offer. Many drive here, which explains why PhosAgro in partnership with the local authorities is investing in improving the local roads. Big investments have also gone into the nearby airport, which the company hopes to transform into a regional hub attracting tourists from further afield. In the town centre there’s apres-ski fun on offer at a bowling alley and a karaoke bar, also owned by the company, but soon to be sold off. At the resort, they’ve installed state-of-the-art Swiss ski-lift technology and this year the lifts have also been operating at weekends in the summer. I came last weekend. I was amazed how many local people were up here having barbecues and enjoying the outdoors.” Alyona Danilova is very much an outdoor person. A botanist and keen racing cyclist, she’s lived in Kirovsk for most of her life and describes it as “quiet, cosy and very nice place to live”. “When I’m away I miss the mountains,” she says. “I’m always so happy to see them when I come back home.” But Alyona acknowledges life in the Far North is not for everyone. “The Polar Nights aren’t easy,” she says. “In winter you don’t see the sun at all. You go to work in the morning, it’s dark. You come home, it’s dark. The weather is quite extreme – heavy snowstorms, strong winds, hail and heavy rain.” Many, if not most, of Alyona’s former schoolmates have left in search of jobs in Moscow or St Petersburg. They see Kirovsk as a place to come back to on holiday. If we’re going to stop people leaving, we need more jobs.”She’s right. The employment statistics in Kirovsk remain a cause for concern. Around 35 percent of the workforce in the town are currently employed by PhosAgro. According to the Monotowns Development Programme, Kirovsk needs to create at least another 3,000 jobs outside the mining industry to revitalize the local economy. Back in his flat on the fifth floor of a run-down 1960s building on the edge of Kirovsk, Aleksandr Bondarev is sipping tea as he looks through photographs of himself as a film extra. Aleksandr Bondarev in character, RGALI The series he played a role in was called Lenin’s Testament. It told the life story of Varlam Shalamov, the writer and labour camp prisoner who once worked at the mine in Kadykchan in the Far East. Aleksandr Bondarev today Although Kirovsk and Kadykchan are at the opposite ends of Russia, their mountains and bitterly cold winters are similar enough for Russian TV to have recreated the grim world of a Kolyma labour camp right here on the edge of Kirovsk. It’s tempting to see further parallels. Kadykchan with its sports hall, cinema and culture hall was an ideal Soviet monotown, and Kirovsk, whose same facilities have now been updated for the 21st Century, is still very much a monotown of the new Russia. With apatite reserves expected to last for at least the next 80 years – that’s longer than the Soviet Union existed – most people in Kirovsk think the future is guaranteed. With global-player PhosAgro at the helm and apparently committed to its social responsibilities as well as its business plan, the people of Kirovsk are also reassured someone has their interests at heart. But a town which relies on one industry and one big company is always at risk of changes in both the market and the political climate. Global markets are notorious for their fluctuations, and Russian business is notorious for its equally sudden changes of fortunes. There are many examples over the past two decades of Russian oligarchs who have lost everything and ended up in jail or exile. It’s for this reason that despite all the efforts by both the company and the town to diversify the local economy, Kirovsk remains for now at least, on the Russian government’s list of most at-risk monotowns. In Kadykchan, on the other side of Russia, winter is coming. Vladimir Voskresensky is smoking a cigarette and turning the pages of an old family album. Fading black and white photographs chart the more than 50 years he, his parents and family spent building a life in Magadan region and helping keep the local mines and power plants running, only to see everything they worked for slowly crumble around them. He comes to a picture of the Kadychan cinema in its 1970s heyday. When you are happy you never really think about the future. It’s like being in love. You can’t possibly imagine breaking up. Happy people always think bad things will happen somewhere else.” Some Apple users may not be able to fully experience the 360 videos.iOS users who have the YouTube app can view them here.Built with ShorthandAll images subject to copyright
942714549777477632	2017-12-18 11:13:58	https://t.co/81Cn8fobCr	Ikea's tax affairs to be investigated by the EU https://t.co/81Cn8fobCr	The European Commission is to open an in-depth investigation into Ikea's corporate tax structure. The Commission said Dutch-based Inter Ikea, one of the Swedish giant's two divisions, may have been given unfair tax advantages by the Netherlands.European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager said all firms "big or small, multinational or not, should pay their fair share of tax".The EU will look at whether Ikea's tax affairs breach EU rules on state aid.Under EU law, member states cannot give selective tax benefits to multinational groups that are not available to other firms."The Commission has concerns that two [Dutch] tax rulings may have given Inter Ikea Systems an unfair advantage compared to other companies," it said.The move is the latest crackdown by the EU competition authority on tax deals between EU countries and multi-nationals. A spokesman for Inter Ikea Group said the way it had been taxed "has in our view been in accordance with EU rules". "It is good if the investigation can bring clarity and confirm that," he added. Denmark's Vestager takes on multinationalsIs Ikea the Marmite of retailers?The Commission's Ikea inquiry is focused on two tax agreements between the Netherlands and Inter Ikea which it alleges "have significantly reduced" the firm's taxable profits in the Netherlands.Netherlands-based Inter Ikea operates the franchise business of Ikea. It collects royalties from other parts of Ikea and pays little tax on the proceeds. The Commission says that in 2006, a Dutch tax ruling enabled Inter Ikea to pay a "significant" annual licence fee to another Ikea unit in Luxembourg, thereby shifting revenue to a jurisdiction where it remained untaxed.Then in 2011, after the Luxembourg tax scheme was deemed illegal, Inter Ikea arranged a second tax ruling with the Netherlands.This ruling focused on a loan deal with an Ikea unit in Liechtenstein, which enabled Inter Ikea to shift "a significant part of its franchise profits" to a low-tax jurisdiction.A senior Dutch EU official said it would look at the details of the case."The Netherlands fully supports the Commission's work," they added. Richard Murphy, professor of practice in international political economy at City University, said Ikea's tax arrangements were "unusually complicated" and as a result, an EU probe was "inevitable"."Is their level of tax disproportionate to their overall activity in a country is undoubtedly what [the European Commission] are looking at here," he said. The European Commission is not so much worried about different countries in the European Union having different tax policies, in fact considering it is supposed to be one, seamless market, there are a whole range of company tax rates and policies across the EU. What it does not like are tax deals that are available for one type of company, huge multi-nationals, but not to everyone else. Your local High Street furniture store has enough trouble competing with the likes of Ikea, with its massive stores, name recognition, buying power and marketing budget, without Ikea also having access to tax breaks that it could never use.That is why Ikea is just the latest in a long line of giant companies that the European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager has gone after. She has already had Amazon, McDonalds and Apple in her sights, and this is big-game hunting; Apple alone was found to have benefited to the tune of £11.5bn in unfair tax breaks.The Commission has recently ordered firms including various member states to collect billons of euros' worth of back taxes from Apple, Starbucks, Amazon and Fiat.The European Commission is worried that giant companies gain an unfair advantage over smaller rivals which have no chance of using similar tax schemes. 
942714538645889025	2017-12-18 11:13:55	https://t.co/ncDy77IAVV	China hails 'first Antarctica flight' for its tourists https://t.co/ncDy77IAVV	According to Chinese media, the country's first commercial flight to Antarctica brought 22 lucky tourists to the exotic destination this weekend.The trip is hailed as a milestone - but is it really? And what does it tell us about China's geopolitical ambitions in the region? Described in Chinese papers as the beginning of a new era in the country's tourism to Antarctica, the trip took the select few from Hong Kong all the way to the actual South Pole. That meant a 15-hour flight to South Africa, refuelling in Cape Town and then another 5.5 hours to Antarctica. From there, it's another five to six hours to the pole, where the flight landed on a 2.5m (1.5-mile) runway so tourists could see the southernmost tip of the earth close up. The Chinese tour operator describes the trip as a milestone ,saying it means Chinese tourists no longer have to book via foreign agencies. But how much of a first was it really? The leg from Cape Town onwards was in fact organised by White Desert, a tour operator who offers such trips to the pole on a regular basis. That means it was rather a co-operation between a Chinese tour organiser and one of the established players based in South Africa. Does a trip that long strike you as something of an ordeal? Just consider that the usual tourist route is significantly longer. Heading to the seventh continent by plane is the exception rather than the rule. Almost all tourists come by boat - typically from Argentina's southernmost port of Ushuaia. Another option is from New Zealand - a route often picked by people interested in a more historical itinerary tracing the footsteps of famous past explorers like Sir Ernest Shackleton for instance. "Trips differ in length - they can be six days to three weeks or even longer," Leanne Flanagan Smith of tour operator BackTrack Adventures told the BBC. Why do people want to go there? There are many reasons, she says. "For some people it's simply a bucket list thing - it's their seventh continent and they want to tick it off. Others come for the wildlife but usually end up being more impressed and overwhelmed by the ice and the spectacular landscapes," she say. Travel season is during the Antarctic summer from November until the end of March. What's the price tag? The cheapest options will cost you around $5,000 (£3,750) - that's by boat from Ushuaia so you'll still have a substantial additional air fare just to get to Argentina. On the whole, visitor numbers are going up.After having reached an all-time high of 46,265 visitors in the 2007-2008 season, visitor numbers dropped in the following years due to the global economic crisis. But numbers have been steadily on the rise again over the past years. Last season 44,367 tourists visited the continent and numbers are expected to keep rising. The International Association of Antarctic Tour Operators (IAATO) was created to promote a safe and environmentally responsible tourism industry and works closely with the Antarctic Treaty Parties, which is a partnership of more than 50 countries jointly governing the continent. There's still room for more tourists, Amanda Lynnes of IAATO told the BBC. "But continuous monitoring is absolutely key," she added.The tour operators are following very strict guidelines laid by the organisation, according to Ms Lynnes.One such rule for instances is that there can never be more than 100 people on shore at any one landing point at any one time. Once on land there are also strict rules - even detailing how close you are allowed to walk up to a penguin. "This is very symbolic," explains Dr Nengye Liu of the University of Adelaide. "It ties in with the bigger picture of China getting more and more actively involved in Antarctic affairs."Chinese tourists already make up the second largest group of visitors, second only to those from the US. The number of Chinese tourists to Antarctica has grown significantly in recent years, from fewer than 100 in 2008 to 3,944 in 2016.And if the steep rise in interest from past years is anything to go by, Chinese visitors will soon top the table. "In Chinese media, this is presented as the first time that tourists can travel through a Chinese operator," Mr Liu says. "Of course it's extremely expensive but it does showcase China's growing interest in the region."Since 2013, China has identified the polar regions as one of the country's new strategic frontiers. And that means there's a strong political will in being part of how the governing of the poles will be shaped in the future. At the recent Communist Party Congress, Beijing's new five-year plan clearly stated that the government wanted to invest huge amounts of money in projects towards the exploration of the poles."Eventually, China's ambition is that they will be able to put forward their own proposal to influence how the two polar regions will be governed," Mr Liu says. Despite the current example of a top-of-the-menu extravaganza all the way to the pole, most Chinese tourists of course take the normal route by cruise ship from South America. In fact, only 1% of tourists fly to the interior of the continent. "A flight that takes you to Antarctica and then continuing on to the actual Pole with another plane - that's really just for the bucket list people: tourists that really want to tick off the South Pole and can afford it," Ms Flanagan Smith says. 
942712252448116737	2017-12-18 11:04:50	https://t.co/t1DbQLh0rU	Dozens die in clash between Ethiopian Somalis and Oromos https://t.co/t1DbQLh0rU	At least 61 people have been killed in clashes between different ethnic groups in Ethiopia's Oromia region since Thursday, officials said.It is not clear what caused the latest violence between ethnic Somalis and Oromos.But it comes after soldiers shot dead 16 ethnic Oromos at a protest on Tuesday, reports Reuters news agency. Ethiopia's Oromia and Somali regions share a long internal border and in the past have fought over grazing land.Oromia government's spokesperson, Adisu Arega, announced the deaths on his Facebook page. He said 29 ethnic Oromos were killed between 14 and 17 December and 32 ethnic Somali Ethiopians were killed in revenge attacks. He added that the clashes happened in the region's Hawi Gudina and Daro Lebu districts.Oromia and Somali are, respectively, the two largest regions in the country by area size. Oromos are Ethiopia's biggest ethnic group - making up about a third of Ethiopia's population while Ethiopian Somalis make up just 6% of the population.Historically, the relationship between Somalis and Oromos has been characterised by territorial competition which often leads to disputes over resources, including wells and grazing land. These conflicts can cause the displacement of tens of thousands of people. In 2004, a referendum to decide on the fate of more than 420 kebeles - the country's smallest administrative unit - gave 80% of them to Oromia. Following the outcome, tens of thousands of ethnic Somalis reportedly fled the areas for fear of repercussions. The decision has still not been implemented and this is one factor behind the current conflict. 
942712252351832065	2017-12-18 11:04:50	https://t.co/8TnBUW35BE	Austria coalition with far-right Freedom Party sworn in https://t.co/8TnBUW35BE	Thousands of protesters rallied in central Vienna against Austria's new coalition government of conservatives and far right, during its swearing-in.Among the banners were ones saying "Don't let the Nazis govern".The Freedom Party (FPÖ) - the junior partner - is the only far-right party to get into power in the EU.The FPÖ and People's Party (ÖVP) plan to implement stricter rules for asylum seekers, after immigration proved a major concern for Austrian voters.The coalition says Austria will stay in the EU. The new chancellor is Sebastian Kurz, 31 - Europe's youngest leader.There was a heavy police presence outside the Hofburg Palace during the swearing-in.About 6,000 people demonstrated against the new coalition, the BBC's Bethany Bell reports. The FPÖ was founded by former Nazis in the 1950s, but today it denies any connection with Nazi ideology.The FPÖ has received some key posts in the coalition, taking charge of interior and defence, and being allowed to choose the new foreign minister.The FPÖ has a co-operation agreement with the ruling United Russia party of Russian President Vladimir Putin and the FPÖ says it wants to get the EU sanctions on Russia eased.The new foreign minister, Karin Kneissl, is a Middle East expert who speaks Arabic and Hebrew.She has accused German Chancellor Angela Merkel of "negligence" by allowing in record numbers of migrants.Controversially she also said the turmoil in the Arab world was partly caused by young unemployed men "who cannot find a woman today" because of their low status.The coalition plans to make asylum seekers hand over any cash they have when they submit an asylum claim, so that it funds their welfare.They will also have to hand over their mobile phones so that the authorities can see from their data how they reached Austria and whom they contacted. Phones will not be confiscated but there will be systematic checks.The FPÖ was in a coalition government before, in 2000. Back then there was a huge outcry and the government was left diplomatically isolated in the EU. But this time the reaction has been far more muted.In 2015 Austria was at the heart of the EU's migrant crisis, when more than a million asylum seekers arrived, hoping to reach Germany. Most did move on to Germany, but Austrian resources were severely stretched and the crisis fuelled anti-immigration sentiment.Many were refugees from the wars in Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan. In the third quarter of this year, asylum applications in Austria were about 25% lower than in the same period of 2016, Eurostat reports. In Germany the numbers were more than 75% lower. According to the new Austrian government's plans: In a Facebook post, FPÖ leader Heinz-Christian Strache said (in German): "No longer will it possible for migrants who haven't worked here a single day and have paid nothing into the system to get thousands of euros in social security!" He added: "On this point we in the Freedom Party have stuck to a central electoral promise!"The Danish government was widely criticised in Europe when it introduced similar measures.Chancellor: Sebastian Kurz, ÖVP. The 31-year-old was foreign minister in the outgoing Austrian government.Interior minister: Herbert Kickl, FPÖ. The party's general secretary and campaign director, 49, was a speechwriter for the late party leader Jörg Haider and is a close confidant of Mr Strache.Foreign minister: Karin Kneissl, nominated by the FPÖ but not a member. The former diplomat, 52, speaks eight languages and is not afraid of controversy.A note on terminology: The BBC uses the term migrant to refer to all people on the move who have yet to complete the legal process of claiming asylum. This group includes people fleeing war-torn countries such as Syria, who are likely to be granted refugee status, as well as people who are seeking jobs and better lives, who governments are likely to rule are economic migrants.
942708197923721216	2017-12-18 10:48:43	https://t.co/7j81d33y68	Bangladesh funeral stampede leaves several dead https://t.co/7j81d33y68	At least 10 people have been killed and more than 30 wounded in a stampede in the city of Chittagong, Bangladesh. The rush happened during the post-funeral prayer and feast for former mayor Mohiuddin Chowdhury.Speaking to the AFP news agency, a police official said the death toll could rise because at least 15 of the wounded were critically injured.It appears the stampede began as mourners rushed to receive free food packets.Mr Chowdhury, who had served the city corporation for 16 years, died on Friday at the age of 73. Local newspaper The Daily Star says the incident happened in the Jamal Khan area at a memorial event organised for the minority Hindu community. A police official told the paper all of the dead were men who had been attempting to attend the event.Hundreds rushed to a community centre prayer meeting to get free food packets distributed in the former mayor's memory, police quoted by Reuters news agency said."We repeatedly announced on the loudspeaker that there were adequate stock of foods at the centre, but when the gate was opened, hundreds of people tried to enter at the same time," a local leader of the ruling Awami League party told Reuters. The feast, a part of Muslim funeral tradition, was hosted across a number of venues in the city because of Mr Chowdhury's status and drew many thousands of attendees.Police staged baton charges to clear crowds at the feast, AFP reports.
942704185614786560	2017-12-18 10:32:47	https://t.co/u3nYLumImS	Bitcoin trading starts on the huge CME exchange https://t.co/u3nYLumImS	Bitcoin has moved another step towards mainstream investing with the start of trading on the huge Chicago Mercantile Exchange financial futures market.It comes as the value of the digital currency approached $20,000 on Sunday, before drifting below $19,000.Last week, Chicago's CBOE exchange began Bitcoin futures trading - bets on a future price - but CME is far bigger.On Sunday, the chairman of UBS bank and former Bundesbank head Axel Weber joined the chorus of Bitcoin warnings."Bitcoin is not money," he said in an interview, and urged regulators to intervene. Meanwhile the French finance minister, Bruno Le Maire, has called for the issue to be discussed at the G20 summit of major economies in April. "There is evidently a risk of speculation. We need to consider and examine this and see how... with all the other G20 members we can regulate bitcoin", Mr Maire told the French news channel LCI. Bitcoin prices have surged this year: a single bitcoin stood at less than $1,000 in January and hit a record $19,783 on Sunday, according to Coindesk.Analysts believe CME's entry into the Bitcoin market will generate more interest in the crypto-currency, possibly pushing the price higher. The CBOE futures contract is based on a closing price of Bitcoin from the Gemini exchange, which is owned and operated by virtual currency entrepreneurs and brothers Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss.However, the CME contract price will be culled from multiple exchanges, potentially offering investors more transparency about the value. "The CME [futures] contract is based on a broader array of exchanges," said Matt Osborne, chief investment officer of Altegris, which has $2.5bn in alternative investments. "So there is a possibility that the CME contract may generate more interest and more volume."Volumes are going to slowly increase as professional traders get comfortable with the price action and more importantly get comfortable with the volatility."Institutional investors are prohibited from buying Bitcoin directly because the market is unregulated, but they can buy futures contracts.Futures are contracts that allow investors to bet on the price of something at a future date. Investors can now bet on Bitcoin rising or falling in price without actually owning them.Futures are typically based on the price of a real commodity - such as oil.One of the controversial aspects of Bitcoin is that some do not see it as a "thing". Although it is called a currency, it can be argued it is an asset, or commodity, without any actual use or real assessable value. CBOE Bitcoin futures surged nearly 20% on their debut last Monday, and more than 4,000 contracts changed hands by the end of the day.But as interest in the digital currency increases, so do the warnings. Mr Weber told the Swiss Sunday newspaper that investors should resist jumping on the Bitcoin bandwagon, saying the bubble would inevitably burst.He said Bitcoin does not fulfil the three main functions of money because, in his view: it is not an effective means of payment; it is not a good measure of value (since prices are not written in Bitcoin); and it is not an effective way to store value, since it is inherently unstable.UBS advises clients against investing in the virtual currency, he said, because the bank does "not consider it valuable and not sustainable".To protect investors who do not take the bank's advice, "regulators are needed," Mr Weber said.However, many people say financial regulation is difficult, if not impossible, because transparency was not part of Bitcoin's creation.Bitcoin was set up in 2008 by an individual or group calling themselves Satoshi Nakamoto, and was the first digital currency to successfully use cryptography to keep transactions secure and hidden. 
942695852673552385	2017-12-18 09:59:40	https://t.co/ESJuSHXGLf	The town that disappeared https://t.co/ESJuSHXGLf https://t.co/OK5EfLnEPA	“There’s the baker’s where I used to nip out in my breaks to buy rolls,” he says. “Next door is the tailor’s where all the latest fashions were on display. And that’s the sports hall where I used to go after work.” We are walking past rows of abandoned Soviet-era buildings - windows gaping, roofs sagging and entrance ways overgrown. The air is still and it’s almost frighteningly silent. But as Vladimir points out familiar places, he seems to conjure up the spirits of the past and the ghost town of Kadykchan comes slowly back to life. If you experience problems with this video you may want to change your browser. Vladimir has lived in Magadan region in the Far East all his life. His family story is typical of this vast and remote area, a place so far away that people here refer to the rest of Russia as “the mainland”. In 1938 his father Mikhail, who was from near Moscow, was sent to a labour camp here to serve out a five-year sentence for a minor criminal offence. “He never said much about it, but I know he escaped being shot twice because he was a good worker.” His mother Yevtaliya, who was from Ufa in the Urals, arrived in 1946 as a volunteer with the Communist Youth Organization. “Young people were different in those days. They wanted to build things and do something good for the country.” Both parents were electricians and worked at the many power plants and generating stations dotted across the region. In 1974 the family moved to Kadykchan, a small coal-mining town. Like every settlement in this part of Russia, Kadykchan started life as a prison camp. The whole area is known colloquially as Kolyma, after the vast river that runs through it. Its name still strikes fear in the hearts of Russians. It was opened in the 1930s by Stalin who wanted access to its mineral, metal and gold deposits to support the rapid industrialization of the USSR. In the brutal logic of those times the quickest way to exploit Kolyma’s riches was to use forced labour. Almost a million prisoners passed through Kolyma in the quarter of a century that the camps operated here. At least 200,000 died in the unforgiving conditions - poorly fed, ill-equipped and facing winter temperatures as low as -50C. Varlam Shalamov, one of Soviet Russia’s most important writers, spent nearly two decades in the camps here, including two brutal years in Kadykchan working in the newly opened coal mine. Shalamov was sent to Kadykchan in 1940, just two years after Vladimir’s father arrived in the camps. Varlam Shalamov (RGALI) In his searing collection of short stories, Kolyma Tales, he summed up life for prisoners at the mine. “Bloody blisters, hunger and beatings. That’s how Kadykchan welcomed us.” By the time Vladimir and his parents moved to Kadykchan the camp had long closed down and the town’s two coal mines Number 10, and Number 7 were operated by civilians. Miners came from other coal-mining areas all over the USSR, attracted by the promise of a flat and a good salary. The population was growing and would reach almost 6,000 people by the end of the following decade. In the 1970s, life in Kadykchan was good. The Soviet Union looked after its industrial workers, especially those working in far-flung outposts like Kolyma. The local shops were well supplied with goods and the Polar Restaurant always had wine and live music. There was a hospital and two schools. In the long Northern summers the local cultural centre hosted a White Nights music festival, and there were Alain Delon films on show at the newly opened Coal-Miner’s Cinema, where Vladimir spent nearly seven years working as a projectionist. Everything in the town was organized around the mine, including the cinema performances, which were spaced across the day in order to accommodate the miners’ shift patterns. Vladimir remembers happy days celebrating birthdays and holidays in the cinema staff room. We used to hang fish to dry in the space over the stairwell, and you could always get a cold beer from Aunty Tanya in the buffet.” Kadykchan was a town full of young people, where the distance and the extreme climate brought people together. “I always loved those winter evenings when the temperature rose to -30C, and it felt warm enough for everyone to come out for a walk on our main pedestrian street – we called it Broadway.” In 1987 Vladimir left Kadykchan and moved to a job at a nearby local power plant. His new home was 15 minutes’ drive away, and from the fifth floor windows of his new flat, he could still see the outlines of Kadykchan in the distance. This was the era Mikhail Gorbachev’s “perestroika” reforms, and the changes that were happening across the USSR reached Kadykchan too. Gennady Shchepalkin and his wife Tatiana were both born in the town. “I was the first baby born in the Kadykchan maternity hospital,” she says. Gennady and Tanya met at the school disco in the autumn of 1984, with the northern lights shining in the night sky. It was love at first sight. Gennady and Tatiana Shchepalkin They got married in 1988 and the following year Gennady started work in Coal Mine Number 7. “New people started appearing in the town,” he remembers. “The atmosphere was different.” The Soviet command economy was falling apart. Wages at the mine were no longer paid on time, but sometimes there were unexpected opportunities. Once we all got the chance to buy a video recorder on credit through work. There was a sudden boom in video cassettes!” As the 1990s began and the Soviet Union collapsed, life in Kadykchan became much tougher. “Salaries weren’t being paid and people couldn’t even buy basic things like food,” says Tatiana. “Imagine your husband comes home from the mine and you’ve got nothing to give him to eat. The children are hungry.” Mine Number 7 closed down in 1992, its coal reserves exhausted. People began leaving Kadykchan for jobs in other parts of the country. And then in 1996 tragedy struck. On Friday 15 November at 1135, as the morning shift was coming to an end, a methane blast ripped through Mine Number 10. There were 27 miners on shift, and six of them were killed. The loss was felt by the whole town. Local newspaper The Northern Miner reporting the accident at the Kadykchan mine All work at the mine stopped and most of the staff were sent home indefinitely on reduced pay. The local authorities decided it was not viable to keep the mine running and over the next two years the tortuous process of negotiating its closure dragged on. The local newspapers from that time were full of stories reflecting the desperation of Kadykchan residents facing poverty, uncertainty, and a real fear each winter that the town’s failing central heating plant would stop working. In 1998 the end finally came. The entrance to Mine Number 10 was blown up and the mine shaft flooded to stop intruders getting in. After 60 long years, coal-mining in Kadykchan was finished. Without it the town no longer had a reason to exist. Tatiana and Gennady today Everyone made plans to leave. Tatiana’s aunts were among the last to go. “It was terrible. People were in a panic because it was almost impossible to find somewhere to live with the small amount of compensation on offer,” she says. “The money was given as a certificate which expired after a short time, so if you didn’t manage to buy anything you had to start all over again.” Things were so desperate people were shooting dogs for food.” As the last residents moved out, the local council moved in and set fire to all the main buildings. The Coal-Miner’s Cinema went up in flames and the roof crashed down onto the once pristine auditorium. Vladimir saw the smoke rising in the distance. He still finds it hard to come to terms with what happened in Kadykchan. “Your soul refuses to believe it,” he says. “But that’s how it is.” At the Russian Presidential Academy of the National Economy and Public Administration in south-western Moscow, a conference is getting underway. People from 14 different regions are taking part, from Yakutia in the Far East to Yaroslavl in central Russia. All are facing the same problem – they represent monotowns – places like Kadykchan where the local economy relies on a single, often struggling industry. Aleksey Panin - Mayor of Sherlovaya Gora At a quarter past one, it’s the turn of a team from Sherlovaya Gora, a remote Siberian mining town close to the Chinese border and with a population of just over 12,000 people. Taking a deep breath before a Powerpoint presentation full of management jargon, town mayor Aleksey Panin outlines the results of a SWOT analysis of the local economy. We have strengths, he says – lots of coal and other minerals, and proximity to lucrative markets in China. There are weaknesses – high electricity costs, poor medical facilities and rail links. There’s a big opportunity – to develop tourism at the nearby national park, but there’s also a threat – competition from China. Delegates at a monotowns conference All in all, members of the team say they can see possibilities to expand local industry, develop standards of living, and by 2035 they hope to be a major centre for industry and agricultural production. It’s an optimistic overview of a situation which sounds challenging in the extreme. The conference is all in a day’s work for Elena Dugina, an upbeat academic who has studied and taught in the UK and now runs the Monotowns Educational Development Programme at the Academy. Elena Dugina It’s her job to help monotowns to diversify and to get themselves off the critical list. There are currently 319 towns on the government’s at risk list. They are dotted across the country and according to the State Duma they’re home to around 10 percent of the population – that’s more than 14 million people. They range from small places with no more than 8,000 inhabitants to big cities like Cherepovets, a major steel producer, and Vorkuta, home to the Far Northern coal industry. “Monotowns are divided into three categories,” Elena explains. “In the first everything is OK for now, but we need to think about the future when the goods they produce may no longer be in demand. “The second is where production is already falling. And the third is the most dramatic, where the local factory has either closed or is about to be closed down.” Elena presents at the conference Monotowns tend to have twice as many people out of work as an average town, and a survey in 2016 by the Federal Guard Service showed that as many as 60 percent of monotown residents described their lives as “intolerable” or “barely tolerable”. The numbers are clearly a cause for concern for the Russian government, all the more so as the country deals with a turbulent global economy and the effects of international sanctions over the annexation of Crimea. All this with a presidential election looming in 2018. Three years ago a new national programme was set up to tackle the problem. The Development Fund for Monotowns has a budget of just over $450m (£335m) to invest until 2020. President Putin himself is closely following its progress. Part of the money is going to run Elena’s training programme, which aims to put five people from local government and key enterprises in all 319 monotowns through a crash course in business development over the next year and a half. The accent is very much on local people working together to help themselves. All the towns in the programme are required to achieve a set of key indicators by the start of 2018. These include attracting independent investment, creating jobs and implementing a programme of urban renewal projects in consultation with the local community. “It’s quite tough,” says Elena. “It’s undoubtedly pressurising them. But if we don’t do this now, then things will become more turbulent, and we will never achieve our long-term ends.” There are already some small signs of early success. Elena cites examples of places where a toy factory, a pizza parlour, or a technopark have helped to bring new life to a failing town. In the past 20 years, the city has lost more than half its population, as the coal industry has slowed down. The surrounding region is full of empty and abandoned mining settlements where at most a handful of old people remain. Abandoned cinema in Vorkuta But the city now has plans in place to encourage its remaining population to stay in opening shops and entertainment centres, developing the high-tech sector and encouraging small businesses selling local handicrafts and delicacies. But will people want to stay, and why does the government even want to keep its citizens living in remote parts of the country? Elena offers a diplomatic answer, saying that it's not sustainable for everyone to live in big cities like Moscow, and that the Russian economy needs a network of regional hubs to bring new life to the national economy. "Lots of people are patriots of the Far North or East," she says. "They like living there." But everyone acknowledges that however politically important it might be for the Russian government to have people living on the outer edges of country, not every place on the list of monotowns will survive. Some that still have a viable local industry could bring workers in and out on short-term fixed contracts. Others will shut down altogether. “Not when the government decides,” says Elena, “But when the people who live there decide there’s no point staying.” “One day in 2007 I saw an advert for film extras. They wanted men who looked beaten down by life. I thought, that sounds like me, so I went along.” Writer Aleksandr Bondarev remembers how he landed a small part as a prisoner in a television series about Stalin's gulag. If Alexandr was looking down at heel it was not surprising. Like many people in Kirovsk - a mining town of 30,000 people above the Arctic Circle - he’d lived through hard times for much of the previous decade. A former Russian literature teacher, he was laid off in the 1990s as the economy collapsed. This was the decade when the town’s biggest employer, the Apatit mining company, teetered on the brink. The grand local railway station was sold off and abandoned, the airport went bankrupt, and even the magnificent Bolshevik cinema – the first sound cinema in the region – shut down. Photograph from the set of Avalanche,1975 It was also the only decade since Kirovsk was founded in 1929, when no films were made in the town. Until 1992 Soviet film directors had flocked to Kirovsk drawn by its beautiful scenery which over the years has been used as a stand-in for everywhere from the Russian Far East to the American Mid-West. It became known as the Arctic Hollywood. Kirovsk stood in as an American gold rush town in “Smoke and the Boy”, 1975 We’ve got mountains, rivers, waterfalls, lakes, and forests, says Aleksandr. “And it’s all just a short plane ride from Moscow and St Petersburg.” Scene from Avalanche,1975 What brought the film crews back to Kirovsk, opened up a new line of work for Aleksandr, and began a dramatic turnaround in the town’s fortunes was the arrival on the scene of PhosAgro, an agrochemicals company headed by reclusive Russian businessman Andrey Guryev. Guryev had acquired a major interest in the Apatit mining company in the roller-coaster 1990s, when battles were fought and lucrative deals done to snap up crumbling former state enterprises. Although the mining company needed a major overhaul, it had something incredibly valuable – some of the biggest deposits in the world of high-grade apatite, an ore used to produce phosphate fertilizers, and essential to agriculture. Guryev also bought up a network of related industrial plants, which in 2001 became PhosAgro with Apatit as its flagship company. PhosAgro is now transforming Apatit into a 21st-Century operation, and in the process helping Kirovsk try to diversify its economy and became less dangerously dependent on the mining industry. Andrey Abrashitov At the Apatit mining company’s Kirovsk mine general director Andrey Abrashitov is putting on his safety gear and getting ready to go underground. A tall heavy-set man with a shaven head and wearing a PhosAgro fleece, Andrey is not your average company executive. “I’m a fourth generation miner,” he says. “My great-grandfather was a coal miner in Donetsk, my grandfather and father worked in the mines here all their lives. I started out doing shifts alongside my dad. In the past 20 years we’ve seen some colossal changes. You just can’t compare the conditions miners used to work in, with what we have now. They would be speechless if they could see it.” The Kirovsk mine began life in the 1930s as an open cast pit, dug out by forced labourers with pickaxes. It was hellish work, says Andrey, who like everyone here retains a deep respect for the sheer grit and endurance of the people who worked and often died here in those early days. PhosAgro have invested millions in state-of-the-art excavation technology in the network of underground and opencast mines they operate in and around Kirovsk. They also own two huge processing plants where the ore is turned into concentrate for export to fertilizer plants in Russia and across the world. Horses transporting the ore in the 1930s Soviet-era manually operated drilling equipment has been replaced by machines which can do the job much faster and more efficiently. Mining now is less about brute strength and more about learning how to operate complex machinery. Safety is also a big priority. At the entrance to the lift shaft, a big sign exhorts miners to “Take Care! Remember who is waiting for you at home”. Sign at the entrance to the lift shaft “Work underground is not for everyone,” says a caption in one of PhosAgro’s souvenir photo albums. It’s hard to disagree. These days a miner at the Kirovsk pit can expect to take home up to $1,700 (£1,300) per month. A very good salary by current Russian standards. But progress comes at a price. Over the past decade, Apatit has cut its core workforce from 10,000 to 5,000 people. Some staff have been laid off, others have been transferred to new privately-owned companies involved in essential areas like vehicle maintenance. Around 3,200 people work for PhosAgro subsidiaries running a range of facilities including the newly renovated company sanatorium and spa. While some former Apatit workers have used their redundancy deals to invest in small businesses of their own, the plethora of small short-term loan companies in Kirovsk, suggests not everyone in the town has made a successful transition to the private sector. At the Stalinist-era Palace of Culture preparations are in full swing for Miners Day. The Northern Fleet Choir is due to give a concert for local pensioners and tables are set up for a reception afterwards. Pride of place in one corner is a little replica of a typical Soviet living room, complete with 1970s green armchairs, a carpet on the wall and a clunky white plastic telephone. “It’s so people can take photos of themselves and remember the old days,” says the manager. After the dark years of the 1990s, the town authorities are clearly doing their best to make their pensioners feel they are no longer forgotten. Vladimir Dyadik But for Kirovsk mayor Vladimir Dyadik, who has popped by to check on the preparations, it’s not just the older generation he has to worry about. Unfortunately many of our young people are leaving. It’s hard to keep them, and it’s also hard to attract well-qualified young workers to move here.” In partnership with PhosAgro, Kirovsk has had some success running apprenticeships in the industrial sector. The next stage is to do more targeted training in areas like tourism and hotel management. “There’s a great potential here, he says, “We just need to work hard to make it happen.” One thing which might make Mayor Dyadik’s task a little easier, he says, is that because Kirovsk is officially classified as a monotown, the local authorities can offer new businesses tax breaks under a scheme which recognizes the town as a special development area. Everyone in Kirovsk has high hopes pinned on tourism. The spectacular local landscape which has long attracted filmmakers is also ideal for hiking, fishing, and winter sports. Aleksandr Gilgenberg At the Big Wood Ski resort, Aleksandr Gilgenberg is surveying the view from the top of the slopes. As PhosAgro’s executive director in Kirovsk he’s the man with a finger on the pulse of the many projects the company is involved in. He seems genuinely enthusiastic about the changes now happening. The ski-resort - owned and managed by PhosAgro – is a flagship project designed to turn Kirovsk into a new winter holiday destination. With guaranteed heavy snowfalls and a season lasting from November to May, Big Wood markets itself as a family resort where skiers and snowboarders can come for short breaks. At the moment 60 percent of visitors come from St Petersburg, Moscow or nearby Norway, while the rest are from Murmansk region. If the comments on internet tourism sites are anything to go by, visitors seem to like the facilities and the prices on offer. Many drive here, which explains why PhosAgro in partnership with the local authorities is investing in improving the local roads. Big investments have also gone into the nearby airport, which the company hopes to transform into a regional hub attracting tourists from further afield. In the town centre there’s apres-ski fun on offer at a bowling alley and a karaoke bar, also owned by the company, but soon to be sold off. At the resort, they’ve installed state-of-the-art Swiss ski-lift technology and this year the lifts have also been operating at weekends in the summer. I came last weekend. I was amazed how many local people were up here having barbecues and enjoying the outdoors.” Alyona Danilova is very much an outdoor person. A botanist and keen racing cyclist, she’s lived in Kirovsk for most of her life and describes it as “quiet, cosy and very nice place to live”. “When I’m away I miss the mountains,” she says. “I’m always so happy to see them when I come back home.” But Alyona acknowledges life in the Far North is not for everyone. “The Polar Nights aren’t easy,” she says. “In winter you don’t see the sun at all. You go to work in the morning, it’s dark. You come home, it’s dark. The weather is quite extreme – heavy snowstorms, strong winds, hail and heavy rain.” Many, if not most, of Alyona’s former schoolmates have left in search of jobs in Moscow or St Petersburg. They see Kirovsk as a place to come back to on holiday. If we’re going to stop people leaving, we need more jobs.”She’s right. The employment statistics in Kirovsk remain a cause for concern. Around 35 percent of the workforce in the town are currently employed by PhosAgro. According to the Monotowns Development Programme, Kirovsk needs to create at least another 3,000 jobs outside the mining industry to revitalize the local economy. Back in his flat on the fifth floor of a run-down 1960s building on the edge of Kirovsk, Aleksandr Bondarev is sipping tea as he looks through photographs of himself as a film extra. Aleksandr Bondarev in character, RGALI The series he played a role in was called Lenin’s Testament. It told the life story of Varlam Shalamov, the writer and labour camp prisoner who once worked at the mine in Kadykchan in the Far East. Aleksandr Bondarev today Although Kirovsk and Kadykchan are at the opposite ends of Russia, their mountains and bitterly cold winters are similar enough for Russian TV to have recreated the grim world of a Kolyma labour camp right here on the edge of Kirovsk. It’s tempting to see further parallels. Kadykchan with its sports hall, cinema and culture hall was an ideal Soviet monotown, and Kirovsk, whose same facilities have now been updated for the 21st Century, is still very much a monotown of the new Russia. With apatite reserves expected to last for at least the next 80 years – that’s longer than the Soviet Union existed – most people in Kirovsk think the future is guaranteed. With global-player PhosAgro at the helm and apparently committed to its social responsibilities as well as its business plan, the people of Kirovsk are also reassured someone has their interests at heart. But a town which relies on one industry and one big company is always at risk of changes in both the market and the political climate. Global markets are notorious for their fluctuations, and Russian business is notorious for its equally sudden changes of fortunes. There are many examples over the past two decades of Russian oligarchs who have lost everything and ended up in jail or exile. It’s for this reason that despite all the efforts by both the company and the town to diversify the local economy, Kirovsk remains for now at least, on the Russian government’s list of most at-risk monotowns. In Kadykchan, on the other side of Russia, winter is coming. Vladimir Voskresensky is smoking a cigarette and turning the pages of an old family album. Fading black and white photographs chart the more than 50 years he, his parents and family spent building a life in Magadan region and helping keep the local mines and power plants running, only to see everything they worked for slowly crumble around them. He comes to a picture of the Kadychan cinema in its 1970s heyday. When you are happy you never really think about the future. It’s like being in love. You can’t possibly imagine breaking up. Happy people always think bad things will happen somewhere else.” Some Apple users may not be able to fully experience the 360 videos.iOS users who have the YouTube app can view them here.Built with ShorthandAll images subject to copyright
942693011766628352	2017-12-18 09:48:23	https://t.co/LdeYoTg7YH	Chile's conservative billionaire https://t.co/LdeYoTg7YH	Sebastian Piñera has returned to the Chilean presidency after four years of civilian life.The conservative billionaire, who represents the right-wing Chile Vamos coalition, was previously president between 2010 and 2014.Chile does not allow re-election of the sitting president, but does let former presidents run again after someone else has held the office - this is what he has done, winning the run-off vote.So who is the once and future President Piñera?When he first became president in 2010, Mr Piñera became Chile's first conservative president since the end of military rule in 1990.The Harvard-trained economist displaced the country's first female president, Michelle Bachelet, promising to turn his business acumen to the country's economic growth.Born in 1949, he remains one of Chile's richest men, with an estimated personal fortune of roughly $2.7bn (£2bn).Much of his money was made in the 1980s when he introduced credit cards to Chile through his company Bancard. He also invested in Chile's biggest main airline, Lan Chile, the country's top football club, Colo Colo, and a television channel.When he became president, however, he promised to sell off several holdings to avoid potential conflicts.In both his campaigns, Mr Piñera has vowed to apply his business know-how to government.He enjoys broad support from Chile's business community, and united the country's conservative wing.But when first campaigning, he had to distance himself from the centre-right's political past, and the legacy of the right-wing military government of Gen Augusto Pinochet, who was in power from 1973 to 1990.He promised change, a focus on jobs, and said he would both tackle poverty and boost the private sector.But the first days of his presidency forced him to change many of his plans.On 27 February, 2010, a powerful earthquake struck Chile, killing some 500 people and destroying tens of thousands of homes.When the new president entered office two weeks later, he said the devastation meant he would have to reassess his plans, and said his leadership would now oversee "a government of reconstruction".He also received a massive popularity rating boost for his management of the 2010 Chilean mine collapse, in which 33 men were successfully rescued from the ground after 69 days.But his first term was not without issues. Widespread student protests marred the following year, and he shuffled his cabinet twice in just a few months.He was also seen as prone to a number of gaffes. On one occasion, he praised a "brave and mature" a pregnant 11-year-old rape victim, and on another, he landed his helicopter on a main road after running out of fuel.When Mr Piñera's term ended, he was replaced by the woman he had, himself, replaced - Michelle Bachelet. By the end of his second term, the pair will have traded the presidency between them for 16 years.She brought a progressive agenda to the presidency and several reforms, culminating in the easing of Chile's strict abortion laws in 2017.But conservatives said her reforms went too far, and Mr Piñera campaigned, in part, on reining in some of her changes. He also accused Bachelet of economic mismanagement - which, as in his first campaign, was a core part of his election strategy.He finished the first round of voting with a 14-point lead, with the left-leaning vote split among other candidates.But Mr Piñera also seemed to have learned from the student protests he faced in his first term. During the run-off campaign, he reversed his stance on the expansion of free higher education - a Bachelet policy which he had previously criticised. In the final vote Mr Piñera emerged victorious by a margin of several points. After his victory, he pledged to unite the country's political factions."Each time that we Chileans have confronted each other, and seen each other as enemies, we have suffered our greatest defeats and greatest grief," he said."We all know that each time we have united as Chileans, we have achieved our most beautiful triumphs, and our greatest victories."
942685888169021441	2017-12-18 09:20:04	https://t.co/1SlI6DWGMg	How effective can the French president be at promoting his foreign policy vision? https://t.co/1SlI6DWGMg	In the first months of his presidency, France's Emmanuel Macron has often found himself in the international limelight. But just how effective can he be at promoting his foreign policy vision? US leader Donald Trump never wanted Emmanuel Macron to win the French presidency but he's looking pretty chummy with him these days."Great conversations with President Emmanuel Macron," he tweeted after visiting Paris for France's Bastille Day celebrations in July, "an incredible visit", "relationship with France stronger than ever".In fact, the relationship between Washington and Paris probably is stronger than ever, says Martin Quencez of the German Marshall Fund, a transatlantic think tank based in Paris. "Macron gets on quite well with Trump on a personal level," he explains. "There's a bit of 'are you a winner or are you a loser?' about Trump, and he sees Macron as a winner. It's already acknowledged that Macron is the only one in Europe who's been able to create something with Trump."But some question how much these discussions translate into real influence, pointing out that Mr Trump has remained immune to French influence on climate change, the Iran nuclear deal and the status of Jerusalem.And foreign affairs adviser Nicolas Tenzer says there's a price to pay for dialogue, especially when it comes to complex relationships such as that with Russian President Vladimir Putin."[Russia] wants to undermine the rule of law, the international order and the very principles of the liberal world. Macron knows this very well, but it's something he cannot say [because] he wants to continue discussions with Russia. But up to what point is it possible to discuss with Russia? That's the question I have."Martin Quencez agrees that Macron's influence on the policies of other leaders - even allies - has been limited, if not disappointing, but he says that sort of practical influence is not the real goal."I don't think Macron ever expected to be able to whisper in Trump's ear - it was more about the grandeur of France, being seen with Trump, being seen with Putin. It may not be worth much in terms of practical policy shifts but it's worth a lot in terms of being seen as someone who matters."President Macron has spoken a lot about the need to boost French influence and standing in the world, and promote European values. And Nicolas Tenzer says that, as a nuclear power with military capacity, France is well equipped to play that role."I think Macron has a chance to appear as the leader of the free world. France alone cannot do everything but if we look at his speech to the UN General Assembly, this speech was completely focused on human rights. And it's very important to understand who Macron wants to be remembered as."Of course, it's not always easy to translate intentions into reality, and nowhere is that more evident than in Europe.Mr Macron put the EU at the centre of his election campaign and he walked out for his victory speech on election night to the strains of Beethoven's Ninth Symphony, the official anthem of the EU.And a few months later, he set out an ambitious and detailed vision for the future of Europe in a key speech at the Sorbonne University, while his German counterpart Angela Merkel was still trying to piece together a governing coalition.There can be no doubt that Mr Macron would like to restore French leadership at the heart of Europe, and thanks to Brexit and long-running political negotiations in Berlin, he is faced with what looks like an opportunity. The shadow over all of this is that he can't do much alone."I have a doubt as to whether he'll succeed on [Europe]," says Pierre Lellouche, a former junior minister for Europe, for the right-wing party, Les Republicains. "Half of the answer is in German hands: for new initiatives, one needs to have full German co-operation… and for the moment they are entirely mobilised by their internal dynamics and by the rebirth of the extreme right."In fact, Mr Macron's biggest tangible success so far may be his intervention in Lebanon's recent political crisis, travelling to Saudi Arabia for talks and offering Lebanon's Prime Minister Hariri a way out of the impasse he and his government found themselves in.But the relationship between France and its former colonies, especially those in Africa, is complicated. Francois de Labarre from the French magazine Match Afrique describes it as "neurotic", because, he says, "France didn't really leave after decolonisation".Mr De Labarre was one of the journalists who travelled on President Macron's recent visit to Burkina Faso, Ivory Coast and Ghana. "His plane was full of start-ups, not big conglomerates," he told me. "The message is that he's not here to sell weapons or take oil. He's looking to anglophone countries like Nigeria, where the identity is strong and the young generation has forgotten about the British period. Macron's dream is that francophone countries become exactly like Nigeria."Mr Macron caused uproar in France when he said, on a visit to Algeria during his presidential election campaign, that France had committed "crimes against humanity" during its colonial rule there. But Rose Ndengue, an African history expert at Diderot University in Paris. says the French president is doing little in terms of concrete action."If he really wants change, he needs to talk about French military bases in Africa or why Europe is shifting borders to Africa in its handling of the migration crisis. It's a kind of soft colonialism."Francois de Labarre says Mr Macron was caught out by using the phrase "crimes against humanity" when describing France's historical actions in Algeria, not just because of the social divisions it provoked back home, he says, but because of the financial consequences. On this recent visit, he softened his language.Emmanuel Macron has faced criticism from the earliest days of his presidential campaign for appearing to be all things to all people: left and right, urging liberal reforms and more protection, fond of visions but also deeply pragmatic. And critics like Oliver Faure from the left-wing opposition party Nouvelle Gauche say that the results don't match the rhetoric. "[His] speeches are always well-crafted. Unfortunately, the results don't follow… we're not seeing these theatrics translating directly into results regarding questions of climate change, or Europe."Some say it's simply too soon for concrete results, others that the international status of France is, itself, the goal. Either way, President Macron's energy in foreign affairs, his international presence and his rhetorical vision have won him a lot of supporters at home. Whatever the concrete achievements might be over his five-year term, he's already become a leader that other countries talk about. And that, for France, is a very big win indeed.
942681098525528064	2017-12-18 09:01:02	https://t.co/kSaCmmsdT2	Jay-Z brings cancer survivor on stage https://t.co/kSaCmmsdT2	Jay-Z halted his show in California on Saturday to bring a young fan onstage after learning she had beaten cancer not once, but twice.The rapper paused to read Christina Cruz's home-made sign, which said: "I Beat Cancer 2X 2 C U! I LOVE U!!! SELFIE OR HUG?""You beat cancer twice?" the star said. "I gotta give you at least a hug."He then brought the woman up on stage and posed for several photos with her, as the crowd cheered."This is exactly who my message was for," he told the audience.Throughout the weekend, Christina took to social media to recount the "best night" of her life. "I can't believe he pulled me on stage and I got to hug him not once but twice!" she said on her Instagram account, which has since been made private. "Meeting Jay-Z was a dream come true," she told BBC News. "Even better than I could have imagined."Cruz said she'd been overwhelmed by all the "love and support" from fellow fans after the concert, and was "still in shock". Jay-Z's California date came near the end of his tour, which has criss-crossed the US since October.It comes in support of his latest album, 4:44, which has been nominated for eight Grammys, including album of the year, record of the year and song of the year, for the title track.Introducing that track in California, the star called it "the most uncomfortable song I've ever written".The lyrics address his infidelity - which also informed his wife Beyonce's last album, Lemonade."Look, I apologise, often womanise," he raps on the track. "Took for my child to be born, see through a woman's eyes."After playing the song at the Oakland arena on Saturday, the New York native told the audience: "I swear Oakland is just like Brooklyn, I feel at home here."Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
942677445878173696	2017-12-18 08:46:31	https://t.co/ZHfBoQXiXv	South Africa's ANC party choosing leader in marathon vote https://t.co/ZHfBoQXiXv	Votes are being counted in a leadership election for South Africa's ruling African National Congress (ANC), currently run by President Jacob Zuma.About 5,000 delegates cast their votes in a bitterly fought race between Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa and ex-minister Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma.Emotions have run high, with delegates shouting each other down as they raised objections over voting rules.The ANC has governed South Africa since it attained democracy 23 years ago.The eventual winner will be in a strong position to become national president after elections in 2019.But the leadership battle has caused fierce political infighting, raising fears the party may split before then. It has not been speedy. It had been hoped a result could come on Sunday but the voting only got under way in the early hours of Monday and went on through the night.More than 4,700 delegates are at the four-day ANC elective conference at the Expo Centre in Johannesburg and they are not just voting for a leader, but for five other top posts.Accusations of bogus delegates being given accreditation have not helped matters.Nevertheless, the ANC was able to confirm at about midday local time (10:00 GMT) on Monday that voting had ended and counting had begun, with a result to be announced later in the day.Cyril Ramaphosa is one of the country's wealthiest men and a former leading trade unionist.He led the talks in the 1990s to end apartheid rule, before turning to a business career.The 65-year-old has spoken out strongly against state corruption and for re-energising the economy.For this, he has the backing of the business community.Party chief whip Jackson Mthembu took to Twitter to say he had voted for Mr Ramaphosa,Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, 68, is Mr Zuma's ex-wife and has his support. A veteran politician, she has been critical of the enduring power of white-owned businesses and has vowed to tackle what she says is continuing racial inequality.She served as Nelson Mandela's health minister, bringing in laws banning smoking in public areas, and later as foreign minister.Police Minister Fikile Mbalula tweeted that he had voted for her.It would seem so. Many are saying there could be just the smallest of margins between winning and losing, says the BBC's Lebo Diseko at the conference.The leadership contest is also conducted in secret, and legal challenges are possible. Early rumours of a modest Ramaphosa lead were quickly reflected by a rise in the financial markets.But correspondents say there was a lot of singing in support of Ms Dlamini-Zuma on Sunday, and not much for Mr Ramaphosa.Whoever wins would be a massive favourite for the 2019 presidential elections.The outcome also matters hugely to the future of the ANC.Mr Zuma, who has been in power since 2009, has himself warned that the party is under threat and at a "crossroads".In his final speech as party leader at Saturday's conference opening, Mr Zuma denounced the party's "petty squabbling" during the leadership battle.The party has overwhelmingly won every election since the country moved to democracy in 1994 under Mr Mandela.But Mr Zuma said last year's disappointing results in local elections, when it polled only 54%, "were a stark reminder that our people are not happy with the state of the ANC". The BBC's Andrew Harding says a question remains whether the party is in terminal decline, and what that might mean for South Africa's stability and its future.
942665249844580352	2017-12-18 07:58:04	https://t.co/4eVYQTLsAq	Passengers were left in darkened terminals or on board planeshttps://t.co/4eVYQTLsAq	Passengers at the world's busiest airport faced a second day of disruption on Monday after a power cut led to hundreds of cancellations.Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson airport lost power on Sunday, affecting tens of thousands of people.Passengers were left in darkened terminals or on board planes.Power was restored overnight and a handful of passenger flights resumed just after 06:00 local time (11:00 GMT) on Monday.Hundreds of other flights, however, were cancelled.The airport is the world's busiest, handling more than 250,000 passengers and almost 2,500 flights every day. But during its first hour of operation on Monday morning, fewer than a dozen commercial flights departed. A number of cargo flights had operated during the partial shutdown.Thousands remain stranded in the airport awaiting rescheduled flights. In a statement, the airport said it had distributed more than 5,000 meals to waiting passengers.Security processing began at about 03:30 local time, it said, but those with tickets dated Sunday would need to reprint them to pass through checkpoints.The airport advised passengers to check the status of their particular flight directly with their airline. In a statement, the airport confirmed it had suffered a power cut shortly after 13:00 on Sunday. Many flights scheduled to arrive from other airports were diverted elsewhere, or held at their departure airport.Georgia Power, which supplies the airport's electricity, said it believed a fire at an underground electrical facility had caused the power cut. Officials said a piece of its switchgear could have failed and started the fire, causing cable damage.Power was fully restored to the airport around midnight on Sunday. #atlanta #thenightthelightswentoutingeorgia #delta #airport #nopower #planes #reallyga?A post shared by cheforhire82 (@cheforhire82) on Dec 17, 2017 at 12:19pm PSTEnd of Instagram post by cheforhire82Atlanta's mayor confirmed the fire's cause was under investigation, and apologised to the thousands affected.A number of major airlines, including United, Southwest and American Airlines, completely suspended their operations on Sunday. Each had at least some flights scheduled to depart Monday.Images shared on social media showed passengers waiting in darkness. Some reported being stuck on board aircraft for six hours.One passenger, Jannifer Lee, was travelling to Minnesota from Florida with her 10-year-old pet rescue cat Penny.Her first flight was stuck for almost four hours at the gate."I was hoping to have a really smooth flight, especially with a cat," she told the BBC. "I've only ever flown with her for two or three hours before, not a 12-hour journey! I guess animals can be a lot more resilient than people."She and thousands of others were left stranded without information from airlines about onward travel."There was a lot of confusion on the flight, because the national news knew more about the situation than we did," Ms Lee said.Another passenger, Naomi Harm, was stranded on the tarmac on a Delta flight from Sacramento, California.She told the BBC that airline staff had kept the passengers in good spirits by communicating regularly and handing out any food and drinks they had available.She said one passenger seated close to her had been escorted down to the aircraft's cargo area to give insulin to his diabetic pet dog in the hold by an air marshal.After almost four hours she was guided out in darkness after portable steps were found for them to disembark. "Inside the terminal there were thousands all over, children crying," she said. "The air conditioning wasn't working and it was very hot inside."And we wait. #Delta crew phenomena! Every1 restless, but all under control.Hit the 3.5 hour mark of being stuck on tarmac #atlairport #cnn pic.twitter.com/ZsX2eHVfNrEnd of Twitter post by @naomiharmThe local police department confirmed it had sent extra officers to help the airport with the situation.About 30,000 passengers were reportedly affected by the power cut.Atlanta is located within a two-hour flight of 80% of the US population, making the city a major port of entry into the US and a common stopover for travel within the country.
942644760489144323	2017-12-18 06:36:39	https://t.co/m6OoZaLJAU	Mumbai sweet shop fire kills 12 in India https://t.co/m6OoZaLJAU	Twelve people have died in a fire that broke out inside a sweet shop in the western Indian city of Mumbai. All 12 had been rescued from the shop but died on the way to the hospital, officials said.The victims were reported to be workers who were employed at the shop and were also living there. The fire broke out around 04:00 India time (22:30 GMT) on the ground floor of the shop, trapping people in the loft, which later collapsed due to the heat. Rescue operations are still under way, officials told BBC Marathi. It's not yet clear what caused the fire though poor maintenance and a lack of safety measures are often to blame. Officials said an investigation had begun. A similar fire at a construction site in Mumbai killed six people and injured several others in September. 
942622894475104256	2017-12-18 05:09:45	https://t.co/sdPAstqDnF	'Nice' Australian was a 'loyal agent' for North Korea https://t.co/sdPAstqDnF	Further details have emerged about the Australian man accused of being an economic agent for North Korea.Chan Han Choi, 59 was arrested in Sydney by Australian police and charged with brokering sales and discussing the supply of weapons of mass destruction. Police allege he broke UN and domestic sanctions against the country in the first case of its kind in Australia.They described him as a "loyal agent" who believed himself to be acting for "some higher patriotic purpose".Mr Choi was born in South Korea but lived in Australia for more than 30 years and was a naturalised citizen, police said.According to The Australian newspaper, the 59-year-old was a hospital cleaner who lived by himself in a rental unit in the Sydney suburb of Eastwood and was known in the local Korean Christian community.Some of his former church friends told the newspaper they had broken off their friendship with Mr Choi when he began to express support for North Korea.He had allegedly "turned", and visited the rogue regime frequently, the newspaper said."I hated that my husband met with him and I don't like anything related to North Korea; many people are scared for their safety," the wife of a former friend told The Australian. "All those trips to North Korea — he was very private and we thought it was very strange."The pair said they were shocked to hear of Saturday's arrest, but weren't surprised. Mr Choi had told them that he sent his own money to North Korea, they said.His neighbours described a man who was "softly spoken", "polite" and "nice", to local newspaper The Daily Telegraph.Mr Choi is the first person to be charged under Australia's weapons of mass destruction act and faces six charges.Police allege he discussed the sale of ballistic missile technology with foreign entities, and brokered the sale of commodities such as coal, in order to raise income for North Korea.He could face up to 10 years in jail and was released on bail on Sunday.
942620377418694656	2017-12-18 04:59:45	https://t.co/rYSxMnKDt5	Indonesia recaptures US citizen after Bali prison break https://t.co/rYSxMnKDt5	Indonesia has recaptured a US citizen accused of drugs offences who escaped the notorious Kerobokan prison in Bali last week.The man named as Christian Beasley was caught on the neighbouring island of Lombok. The 32-year old had escaped by climbing over a prison wall with a fellow inmate who was recaptured immediately.Indonesia has very strict anti-drugs laws and frequently arrests foreigners on drug-related charges. The maximum sentence for drug trafficking is death. "He got arrested on Friday in one of the homestays in Senggigi beach, Lombok," the head of Kerobokan prison, Tonny Nainggolan told the BBC on Monday."Right now, he (is) still under detention by the police for further investigation."Before his prison break, he had been awaiting sentencing for allegedly receiving a package containing 5g (0.18oz) of hashish. It was not clear how much jail time he was likely to get. His name had initially been reported as Chrishan Beasley. In June, another jailbreak at Kerobokan saw four inmates escaping through a tunnel they had dug under a wall. The notoriously overcrowded prison is also where some of the so-called Bali Nine are held, a group of Australians convicted of drug-smuggling. Despite protest from Australian authorities, two of the group were executed in 2015, while the others are being held in prisons across Indonesia. 
942597057629556738	2017-12-18 03:27:05	https://t.co/r4C1HpFDv2	Gujarat: Counting of votes starts in India PM's home state https://t.co/r4C1HpFDv2	Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has held on to power in an election in his home state Gujarat but by a reduced margin. As votes are counted after the state elections, the BJP is leading in 99 of the 182 assembly seats, according to election authorities. The main opposition Congress is ahead in 77. Gujarat is a stronghold state for the BJP, which has governed for 22 years.The Congress has conceded victory to the BJP. The Congress party accepts the verdict of the people and congratulates the new governments in both states. I thank the people of Gujarat and Himachal with all my heart for the love they showed me.End of Twitter post by @OfficeOfRGThe BJP also won in Himachal Pradesh - where it is leading in 44 of the 65 seats, while the Congress is ahead in 21. Mr Modi tweeted, thanking voters in both states while assuring them of economic development. I bow to the people of Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh for their affection and trust in BJP. I assure them that we will leave no stone unturned in furthering the development journey of these states and serve the people tirelessly.End of Twitter post by @narendramodiThe results of the election signal a win for the "politics of development", BJP president Amit Shah said, speaking at a press conference at the party headquarters in Delhi. The BJP's majority had been under threat from the opposition alliance, polls suggested. In 2012, the BJP won 116 seats, while Congress won 61.Stock markets have recovered after opening lower on Monday after early results had put the Congress ahead. Mr Modi was chief minister of Gujarat three times and his track record there helped propel him to success in national elections. To lose the state polls would have been a huge loss of face.He held more than three dozen meetings in the state and campaigned on economic development and Hindu nationalism to woo voters.The prime minister's decision to ban high-value currency notes in November 2016 and the way the newly introduced Goods and Services Tax was implemented are believed to have fuelled anger against the party in Gujarat. State BJP member R Bala told Reuters news agency the election had been the "toughest" they had fought there. Polling in Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh was held between 9 and 14 December. More than 68% of Gujarat's 43 million eligible voters cast their ballots, while Himachal Pradesh saw a voter turnout of about 74%.
942593097527119872	2017-12-18 03:11:21	https://t.co/RW6UXpzwlq	Hernández announced winner of disputed Honduras election https://t.co/RW6UXpzwlq	Juan Orlando Hernández has been declared the winner of last month's fiercely disputed presidential election in Honduras after a partial recount.Earlier results triggered deadly street violence and protests.Mr Hernández's main opposition Salvador Nasralla accuses electoral authorities of vote-rigging. The Organisation of American States (OAS) had urged authorities not to announce a final result and said "serious questions" persisted.OAS Secretary-General Luis Almagro called for a new election to be held "to guarantee peace" in the country.But Honduras' electoral tribunal announced in a televised address on Sunday that the incumbent President Hernández won by 1.53% of the vote.Authorities had initially said Mr Nasralla had a five-point lead on the morning after the election on 25 November.That gap began to close after a computer problem was reported at the vote-tallying centre in the capital, Tegucigalpa.The OAS requested a partial recount from nearly 5,000 ballot boxes after a number of alleged irregularities in the vote.European Union electoral observers said on Sunday the recount showed no irregularities.President Hernández, 49, has been in power since 2013, and is the first president to run for a second term after the country's supreme court lifted a ban on re-election.Mr Nasralla is a former TV presenter and sports journalist, who lost the 2013 vote. He has campaigned to battle corruption and heads up a coalition of parties from the left and right in the Opposition Alliance Against the Dictatorship.The result was announced as he left for the United States to meet officials at the State Department to highlight his complaints about the vote. Following the announcement, he said it was clear there had been fraud "before, during and after" the contested vote.Former President Manuel Zelaya, who backed Mr Nasralla in the election, called for renewed protests after the result announcement.Thousands of people have taken to the streets in rival demonstrations in the weeks since the election.Human rights group Amnesty International says 14 people died in days of clashes, but police dispute the number and say only three have died. The government imposed a curfew, which was lifted after a week, as violence was controlled.
942589109712932866	2017-12-18 02:55:30	https://t.co/YyZnx5pDCO	Russia's Rosneft wins gas licences in Venezuela https://t.co/YyZnx5pDCO	Venezuela has awarded licences to Russian energy giant Rosneft to develop two offshore gas fields. The deal allows its subsidiary, Grupo Rosneft, to export gas produced at the Patao and Mejillones fields in the Caribbean Sea for the next 30 years.Venezuelan authorities need to approve the deal before production can begin.Russia is a close ally of Venezuela, helping to prop up its economy as it seeks to expand its influence in Latin America.In August, Rosneft provided Venezuelan state energy company PDVSA with $6 billion as advance payment for oil supplies.In a statement, Rosneft estimated the total reserves at the two fields to be around 180bn cubic metres (bcm) of gas.Maximum annual production is expected to reach 6.5 bcm in the first 15 years.Rosneft chief executive Igor Sechin signed the deal during a meeting with Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro in Caracas over the weekend.The state-owned Russian energy giant is already involved in a number of joint projects in Venezuela, including the Petromiranda, and Petromonagas fields, which are estimated to hold more than 20.5bn tons of oil.Venezuela owes an estimated $140bn (£103bn) to foreign creditors.Russian capital and cash have been helping to keep Venezuela afloat after its oil-based economy collapsed, hit by falling oil prices and revenues, and the plummeting value of its currency, the bolivar.Last month, Russia agreed to restructure $3.15bn (£2.4bn) in debt owed by Venezuela. The deal allows Venezuela to make "minimal" repayments on its Russian obligations over the next six years.
942578947199504385	2017-12-18 02:15:07	https://t.co/FBhZbffpX4	Russia inquiry: Trump denies he plans to fire Robert Mueller https://t.co/FBhZbffpX4	President Donald Trump has denied he is planning to fire special counsel Robert Mueller, who is investigating possible Russian meddling in the 2016 election.Tensions have been rising between the White House and Mr Mueller's probe.On Saturday a lawyer for Mr Trump's presidential transition group said thousands of emails had been unlawfully obtained by Mr Mueller's team.Responding to questions over the legal row, Mr Trump said it was "not looking good" and his people were "very upset".Why attacks on Robert Mueller are mounting"I can't imagine there's anything on them, frankly, because, as we said, there's no collusion," he said, while returning from a weekend trip to Camp David. His administration has denied working with Russia in the 2016 election and Mr Trump has labelled the investigation "a witch hunt".Responding to a media question on the White House lawn on whether he was considering firing Mr Mueller amid his criticism, Mr Trump responded "No, I'm not."Several Democratic lawmakers had expressed concern, and on Friday the top Democrat on the House intelligence committee, Adam Schiff, said he feared Republican members wanted to shut the probe down.Several former members of Mr Trump's campaign team are facing charges as part of the investigation.A lawyer working for the Trump for America (TFA) group, who helped Donald Trump's transition to the White House after his election, complained on Saturday after the group became aware Mr Mueller's investigation had obtained tens of thousands of their emails. Kory Langhofer sent a letter to US congressional committees claiming the records had been obtained "unlawfully".The TFA group had used the facilities, including email hosting, of a government agency, the General Services Administration (GSA), in the period between Donald Trump's election in November 2016 and inauguration in January. In his letter, Mr Langhofer, says GSA staff "unlawfully produced TFA's private materials, including privileged communications" to Mr Mueller's investigation team.The emails obtained reportedly involve 13 Trump transition officials, including former national security adviser Michael Flynn who pleaded guilty to making false statements to the FBI earlier this month.The GSA, he complains, "did not own or control the records in question" and maintains the constitutional rights of transition officials were violated. A spokesperson for Mr Mueller said they had done nothing wrong."When we have obtained emails in the course of our ongoing criminal investigation, we have secured either the account owner's consent or appropriate criminal process," Peter Carr said.GSA Deputy Counsel Lenny Loewentritt has denied another of Mr Langhofer's accusations, that the GSA gave assurances that requests for Trump transition records would go through the group's lawyers.He told BuzzFeed that the transition group knew materials would have to be provided to law enforcement "therefore, no expectation of privacy can be assumed".Democratic Representative Eric Swalwell tweeted that the accusations were "another attempt to discredit Mueller as his #TrumpRussia probe tightens".US intelligence agencies believe Moscow tried to tip the presidential election in favour of Mr Trump - a charge denied by both Russia and the US president. Mr Trump has labelled Mr Mueller's investigation a "witch hunt" while other Republicans accuse it of bias. Earlier this month, Mr Flynn became the most senior Trump official to be charged as part of the inquiry after admitting making false statements to the FBI about meetings with Russia's ambassador. He has confirmed he is now co-operating with the investigation.Another ex-aide, George Papadopoulos, has also pleaded guilty to making false statements to FBI agents.In October, Mr Trump's former campaign manager, Paul Manafort, and his business associate Rick Gates were accused of conspiring to defraud the US in dealings with Ukraine. Both deny the charges, which centre on relations with a former Ukrainian president who was very close to Russia. President Trump's private lawyers are expected to meet Mr Mueller and members of his team next week to discuss the next phases of the inquiry, US media report.
942578132468535296	2017-12-18 02:11:53	https://t.co/3ir5c14PtB	Barry Sherman: Murder unit to probe Canadian mystery deaths https://t.co/3ir5c14PtB	Police in Toronto have confirmed that their homicide unit has taken over the investigation into the death of a Canadian billionaire and his wife.Police are treating the deaths of Barry Sherman, 75, and his wife Honey, whose bodies were found in their Toronto home on Friday, as "suspicious".An autopsy revealed both died from ligature neck compression, or strangulation with material.Reports the case was being investigated as a murder-suicide angered the family.A brief police statement on Sunday evening only confirmed the autopsy results, and stated that Toronto Police Service Homicide had taken the lead in the suspicious death investigation.Canadian media had earlier cited police sources for the murder-suicide theory, but a family statement said no-one close to the couple believed this. "Our parents shared an enthusiasm for life and commitment to their family and community totally inconsistent with the rumours regrettably circulated in the media as to the circumstances surrounding their deaths," it read."We are shocked and think it's irresponsible that police sources have reportedly advised the media of a theory which neither their family, their friends nor their colleagues believe to be true."The couple's bodies were discovered by their estate agent, who had been trying to sell the property. There was no sign of forced entry.A Toronto police source told Canadian media that the bodies were found near the house's basement pool.Earlier police had said they were not looking for any suspects in the case.Several Canadian newspapers say they were told investigators were working on the assumption that Mr Sherman had killed his wife before killing himself.Tributes have meanwhile been pouring in for the pair, with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau tweeting "condolences to their family & friends, and to everyone touched by their vision & spirit".One of Canada's richest men, Mr Sherman was the founder and chairman of pharmaceutical giant Apotex, which sells generic medicines around the world. On Sunday the firm's website paid tribute to Mr Sherman. A gifted student, Mr Sherman entered the trade through his uncle's Empire Laboratories, working for him while still at university before buying the company when his uncle died.He went on to sell Empire, creating Apotex, the company that made him a billionaire and which now employs more than 10,000 people.But he became embroiled in a family dispute, with his uncle's children seeking a stake in Apotex, arguing they had been cheated. A judge threw out their claim earlier this year.He also faced an investigation as to whether he had improperly held a fundraiser for Justin Trudeau before he became prime minister.Mrs Sherman was a board member for several hospitals, charities and Jewish organisations. The couple had four children and have given millions to charity.
942558501766909953	2017-12-18 00:53:53	https://t.co/F8deqsJeWW	Inspired by comics https://t.co/F8deqsJeWW	Ilse Valfre was just 22 years old when she started a blog that would take her from a being nursery teacher to the owner of successful fashion, accessories and art business.Today fans of her Valfre brand include actresses Jessica Alba, Emma Roberts and Bella Thorn, but she's had to fight to protect her designs and overcome many logistical hurdles."I loved kids, but it wasn't my calling," says Mexican-born Ilse, who quit her teaching job in San Diego, California, in 2010 to blog full-time about her artwork."I didn't want to go back to school and study fashion, but I wanted to do something related to it."Drawing was always a hobby, so I decided to post my illustrations and build a business around my art."For some that might sound like a risky plan, and indeed Ilse had to move back into her parents' home in the Mexican city of Tijuana, just across the US-Mexico border from San Diego, to save money.But her drawings - of edgy, cartoon-like female characters, influenced by her love of comic books and Japanese anime - soon attracted attention. "I would draw these women wearing fashions that I couldn't afford and share them on my blog," she explains."I blogged twice a day, every day, and began gathering like five followers after every post. A year later, I had a pretty decent following."It all fell into place when Ilse discovered that her designs were being copied and used on clothes sold on the internet in China. "That's when I knew there was a market for my work, and it motivated me to create my own product." She produced her own line of tote bags and t-shirts, which led her to launch the Valfre brand in 2013. Today, the now Los Angeles-based firm sells a wide range of women's clothing and accessories inspired by her artwork, plus prints and greeting cards.The firm has grown quickly, posting sales of $2m (£1.5m) in 2016, and is now sold in 28 countries via stores such as Urban Outfitters and Nordstrom. Ilse, now 30, believes social media played a huge part in the growth of the brand, and credits much of its success to photo sharing site Instagram. "Instagram was really new when I started," she says. "When I decided to launch my brand, I only had about 25,000 followers, but they were very engaged in what I was doing. I would put up my prints and they were selling out in less than an hour." Today, the company counts nearly 700,000 followers on the social media platform.Fashion and retail analyst Charcy Evers says: "It used to be designers had to get their wares in front of magazine editors, with the hopes of them promoting them and becoming the next 'it' brand."Today, social media plays that role, especially Instagram with fashion. But the key is to stand out from the crowd and rise above the noise with a specific point of view and message. And to be consistent. Valfre did all of these things and it paid off."Despite the brand's success, Ilse faced hurdles as she tried to get the business off the ground. In 2011 she started selling her apparel on Big Cartel, an online marketplace for fashion in the US.But because Mexico's mail service was so unreliable, she had to take her products from her parents' home in Tijuana to San Diego, from where she would post them.She remembers: "I would walk across the border - I didn't have a car at the time - twice a week, Tuesdays and Thursdays."The lines were insane sometimes, and often it would take me three hours to cross."It was later in 2011, while attending the Coachella music festival in California, that Ilse's life changed forever, both personally and professionally. More stories from the BBC's Business Brain series looking at interesting business topics from around the world:She met her now husband Donald Eley, a start-up entrepreneur who recognised the potential of Valfre as a brand. He has since become the company's chief executive. "He really believed in my artwork and helped me put together a business plan and find people who might be interested in investing," Ilse says.For a while the couple had to store all of the firm's inventory in their two-bedroom apartment, even after their first child was born."The place was filled with boxes," says Ilse. "My husband and I were doing customer service, fulfilment, everything, and it was just getting out of control."But we didn't have enough money to move to an office or hire anyone." That changed in 2014, when sales picked up, and Valfre was able to hire its first member of staff and rent an office in LA. Ilse credits the runaway success of a 3D silicone phone case released by the firm for helping Valfre to break into Asia.The case was called "100% boys tears" and designed in the shape of a milk carton, replete with a drinking straw."It went viral," she says. "There were so many girls, especially in Korea and Japan, interacting with the case, and taking selfies pretending to drink out of the straw. It opened up the market in Asia for us." As the company continues to grow quickly, Ilse says the biggest challenge it still faces is people copying her designs.In May 2017, Valfre began legal action against two high street fashion retailers, Rue 21 and Forever 21, alleging copyright infringement. Rue 21 has settled with Valfre, while the battle with Forever 21 - which denies liability - is headed for the courts. Ms Evers says copying is a common problem in the fashion industry. "We live in a transparent world with access to information all around us so it's fair game, especially in fashion. Trademarking and copyrighting designs can be difficult, if not impossible." She adds: "The key is to keep to your vision and be the original, because it's so easy to spot the knock-offs."Ilse now wants to expand beyond fashion and art. She would like to produce a TV show based upon her characters and perhaps open a theme park at some point in the future."I want to offer more to our customers and fan base by bringing these characters to life," says the ambitious entrepreneur. And few would be surprised if she got her way. 
942555709312520193	2017-12-18 00:42:47	https://t.co/J3MO3ZpWpu	Capturing East Harlem https://t.co/J3MO3ZpWpu	The New York neighbourhood of East Harlem, or El Barrio, has long been the home of many of the city's Latino population.Journalist Ed Morales describes it as the place "where hip-hop and salsa trumps classical, prime real estate gives way to inner city".Joseph Rodriguez's photographs from the 1980s capture the vibrancy of the area's communities, while providing glimpses into the darker undercurrents of social issues such as drug addiction, poverty and homelessness.These images were born out of a collaborative university project in which Rodriguez and his fellow students attempted to protect the tenants of buildings in the neighbourhood that were threatened with gentrification. Under their tutor, the writer and curator Fred Ritchin, the students made black-and-white photographs for court cases showing how landlords had let residential buildings deteriorate so that they could be renovated and then rented to wealthier outsiders.After the project ended, Rodriguez stayed with the communities, shooting their lives in colour, capturing their richness. "There is an enormous amount of love in these photographs. And pain. And pride. And resiliency. And a sense that things can get better," Ritchin says about his students' images.Rodriguez captures the everyday life of the neighbourhood. Groups of young men sit on a stoop listening to a boombox or children play in a paddling pool. Another boy emerges from Jefferson Pool, where many families from El Barrio visited in the summer."This was a very hard, very poor, very tough block at the time," he remembers about this photograph, "but what's important to me is the sense of dignity that these boys have by putting on a suit."The boy on the left can't even afford a tie but he still wears a suit. This is where I started to understand what the word 'respect' means to people."Spanish Harlem: El Barrio in the '80s by Joseph Rodriguez is published by powerHouse Books.
942548707853119489	2017-12-18 00:14:58	https://t.co/kBVgK2qzds	France's new export https://t.co/kBVgK2qzds	In the first months of his presidency, France's Emmanuel Macron has often found himself in the international limelight. But just how effective can he be at promoting his foreign policy vision? US leader Donald Trump never wanted Emmanuel Macron to win the French presidency but he's looking pretty chummy with him these days."Great conversations with President Emmanuel Macron," he tweeted after visiting Paris for France's Bastille Day celebrations in July, "an incredible visit", "relationship with France stronger than ever".In fact, the relationship between Washington and Paris probably is stronger than ever, says Martin Quencez of the German Marshall Fund, a transatlantic think tank based in Paris. "Macron gets on quite well with Trump on a personal level," he explains. "There's a bit of 'are you a winner or are you a loser?' about Trump, and he sees Macron as a winner. It's already acknowledged that Macron is the only one in Europe who's been able to create something with Trump."But some question how much these discussions translate into real influence, pointing out that Mr Trump has remained immune to French influence on climate change, the Iran nuclear deal and the status of Jerusalem.And foreign affairs adviser Nicolas Tenzer says there's a price to pay for dialogue, especially when it comes to complex relationships such as that with Russian President Vladimir Putin."[Russia] wants to undermine the rule of law, the international order and the very principles of the liberal world. Macron knows this very well, but it's something he cannot say [because] he wants to continue discussions with Russia. But up to what point is it possible to discuss with Russia? That's the question I have."Martin Quencez agrees that Macron's influence on the policies of other leaders - even allies - has been limited, if not disappointing, but he says that sort of practical influence is not the real goal."I don't think Macron ever expected to be able to whisper in Trump's ear - it was more about the grandeur of France, being seen with Trump, being seen with Putin. It may not be worth much in terms of practical policy shifts but it's worth a lot in terms of being seen as someone who matters."President Macron has spoken a lot about the need to boost French influence and standing in the world, and promote European values. And Nicolas Tenzer says that, as a nuclear power with military capacity, France is well equipped to play that role."I think Macron has a chance to appear as the leader of the free world. France alone cannot do everything but if we look at his speech to the UN General Assembly, this speech was completely focused on human rights. And it's very important to understand who Macron wants to be remembered as."Of course, it's not always easy to translate intentions into reality, and nowhere is that more evident than in Europe.Mr Macron put the EU at the centre of his election campaign and he walked out for his victory speech on election night to the strains of Beethoven's Ninth Symphony, the official anthem of the EU.And a few months later, he set out an ambitious and detailed vision for the future of Europe in a key speech at the Sorbonne University, while his German counterpart Angela Merkel was still trying to piece together a governing coalition.There can be no doubt that Mr Macron would like to restore French leadership at the heart of Europe, and thanks to Brexit and long-running political negotiations in Berlin, he is faced with what looks like an opportunity. The shadow over all of this is that he can't do much alone."I have a doubt as to whether he'll succeed on [Europe]," says Pierre Lellouche, a former junior minister for Europe, for the right-wing party, Les Republicains. "Half of the answer is in German hands: for new initiatives, one needs to have full German co-operation… and for the moment they are entirely mobilised by their internal dynamics and by the rebirth of the extreme right."In fact, Mr Macron's biggest tangible success so far may be his intervention in Lebanon's recent political crisis, travelling to Saudi Arabia for talks and offering Lebanon's Prime Minister Hariri a way out of the impasse he and his government found themselves in.But the relationship between France and its former colonies, especially those in Africa, is complicated. Francois de Labarre from the French magazine Match Afrique describes it as "neurotic", because, he says, "France didn't really leave after decolonisation".Mr De Labarre was one of the journalists who travelled on President Macron's recent visit to Burkina Faso, Ivory Coast and Ghana. "His plane was full of start-ups, not big conglomerates," he told me. "The message is that he's not here to sell weapons or take oil. He's looking to anglophone countries like Nigeria, where the identity is strong and the young generation has forgotten about the British period. Macron's dream is that francophone countries become exactly like Nigeria."Mr Macron caused uproar in France when he said, on a visit to Algeria during his presidential election campaign, that France had committed "crimes against humanity" during its colonial rule there. But Rose Ndengue, an African history expert at Diderot University in Paris. says the French president is doing little in terms of concrete action."If he really wants change, he needs to talk about French military bases in Africa or why Europe is shifting borders to Africa in its handling of the migration crisis. It's a kind of soft colonialism."Francois de Labarre says Mr Macron was caught out by using the phrase "crimes against humanity" when describing France's historical actions in Algeria, not just because of the social divisions it provoked back home, he says, but because of the financial consequences. On this recent visit, he softened his language.Emmanuel Macron has faced criticism from the earliest days of his presidential campaign for appearing to be all things to all people: left and right, urging liberal reforms and more protection, fond of visions but also deeply pragmatic. And critics like Oliver Faure from the left-wing opposition party Nouvelle Gauche say that the results don't match the rhetoric. "[His] speeches are always well-crafted. Unfortunately, the results don't follow… we're not seeing these theatrics translating directly into results regarding questions of climate change, or Europe."Some say it's simply too soon for concrete results, others that the international status of France is, itself, the goal. Either way, President Macron's energy in foreign affairs, his international presence and his rhetorical vision have won him a lot of supporters at home. Whatever the concrete achievements might be over his five-year term, he's already become a leader that other countries talk about. And that, for France, is a very big win indeed.
942548698013360128	2017-12-18 00:14:55	https://t.co/HWpFPjXGys	Water wars https://t.co/HWpFPjXGys	"This river has displaced me five times already," Bimati Hajarika says, pointing at the Brahmaputra river in the north-eastern Indian state of Assam."My past four villages remain under those waters there," the 60-year-old adds.After being driven out of four different homes by the floods, she now lives in a makeshift hut erected on bamboo pillars. But she is anxious that her home is once again under threat. "I don't know where I would go if the river floods again."Many villages the BBC visited in the state had similar stories. Elderly villagers pointed at the water to show where their villages once stood before floods displaced them, again and again.Fear of flooding has been growing in the state ever since upstream China stopped sharing river data crucial for issuing early warnings. The data, which relates to the movement, distribution and quality of water, provides information on the water level of the river to alert downstream countries in case of flooding."We came to know about the Chinese decision through media reports and we have been very worried ever since," said Sanjiv Doley, a resident of Dhansirimukh village. Until now, they were always prepared for floods, he said, including evacuating villages. "Imagine what could happen now that we will not be receiving any information from China," he said. "None of our villages will be safe."The Brahmaputra river, one of Asia's biggest, originates in the Tibet Autonomous Region in China, flows into India and then enters Bangladesh before emptying into the Bay of Bengal.The river floods large parts of the state every year, displacing tens of thousands of people. Nearly 300 people died this year alone due to flooding in the state. A bilateral agreement between India and China requires the upstream country - China - to share hydrological data on the river during the monsoon season, between 15 May and 15 October.But Indian officials said in August that they have received no data for this year. The dispute over data comes on the heels of a recent standoff between India and China over a Himalayan plateau. The potential border conflict was defused after more than two months of tension. Chinese authorities said in September that they had no data to share at that point because their hydrological stations, which record the data, are being upgraded. That was the last statement they made on the issue.But the BBC found that despite its statement, China was still sharing data on the same river with Bangladesh, the lowest downstream country in the Brahmaputra basin.Anisul Islam Mohammad, Bangladesh's water resources minister, told the BBC in September that his country was receiving hydrological data from China. Chinese authorities did not respond to the BBC's request for their latest comment. It remains unclear if and when they will resume sharing data with India. Locals told the BBC that the floods were devastating enough while China was still sharing information, increasing their fears that things might be a lot worse if Indian officials have no access to data that could help them prepare in advance. "China has never been open about what it is doing upstream of the Brahmaputra," said Ashok Singhal, member of Assam's legislative assembly, who also leads the "save Brahmaputra" campaign."I have asked several times for permission to visit the river upstream in Tibet but I have not been permitted to go (by China)." The Chinese government has constructed several hydropower dams on the Brahmaputra, which is known as Yarlung Zangbo in Tibet. But the country insists that it does not store or divert water, and will not do anything that goes against the interest of downstream countries, such as India or Bangladesh. Assam's officials, however, say they have spotted worrying signs. Flooding, according to them, has become more frequent since May when China stopped providing river data. "Earlier we used to have one or two rounds of floods during monsoon but this time, we have even had a third and fourth round of floods without rainfall in the upstream part of the river," Himanta Sarma, the state's finance and health minister, told the BBC."You need to see all this in the backdrop of the Doklam conflict," he added. He was referring to the border standoff between China and India earlier this year. Scientists in Assam said India was not doing enough to address the problem - such as setting up its own hydrological stations in the international border area (between China and India) to monitor the river. "There has been no discussion between scientists, politicians and bureaucrats," Professor BP Bohara, a geologist at Guwahati University, said. India too has been accused by countries further downstream, such as Bangladesh, of ignoring their concerns.
942520946568646656	2017-12-17 22:24:39	https://t.co/4sit6pq5Mp	Chile election: conservative Piñera leads in vote count https://t.co/4sit6pq5Mp	A conservative billionaire and former president, Sebastián Piñera, has won Chile's presidential election run-off.Left-winger Alejandro Guillier conceded and congratulated his opponent on his win and his return to the presidency after a four-year gap.With nearly all votes counted, Mr Piñera has polled more than 54%.It is a clear move to the right for the country, which is currently led by socialist President Michelle Bachelet. She had backed Mr Guillier.About 14 million were eligible to vote in the ballot, including Chileans living abroad for the first time.However, voter turnout was low, at 48.5%. It had been thought that a high turnout would favour Mr Guillier.Mr Piñera called for unity after his victory:"Chile needs agreements more than confrontations," he said. "The paths of the future unite us. Sometimes the stories of the past separate us."Reaching out to his opponent, Mr Piñera added: "I want to talk to him about the points we agree about."Billionaire businessman Mr Piñera won the first round of votes by a large margin, when the number of candidates reduced from eight to two for a final run-off.He has already governed the country from 2010 to 2014, when he ended two decades of uninterrupted centre-left rule. But the former president and his Chile Vamos coalition had only a slim lead in the most recent opinion polls before Sunday's election vote. He had the support of the business community, promising to lower taxes to get the economy growing again. During his campaign, he promised to rein in the reforms brought in by President Bachelet, while his opponent Mr Guillier, on the other hand, campaigned on the back of her legacy.While President Bachelet's progressive agenda has won plaudits abroad, her popularity plummeted during her second term, due in part to a 2015 corruption scandal involving her daughter-in-law.This year, however, the president overcame conservative opposition to successfully ease Chile's strict anti-abortion laws.Conservative critics say Ms Bachelet pushed her reforms too far. She was unable to seek re-election under the country's constitution. Mr Guillier represents six parties in a left-wing coalition. He beat former president Ricardo Lagos for the Socialist Party nomination in April 2017, promising to continue Ms Bachulet's reforms.A decade ago, Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, Cuba, Ecuador, Honduras, Nicaragua, Uruguay and Venezuela were all governed by left-wing leaders.But in recent years, conservatives have come to power in Argentina, Brazil and Paraguay, and Venezuela's "Bolivarian Revolution" has come under severe pressure with anti-government protesters taking to the streets for months. The win by Mr Piñera further consolidates that trend.
942516014209732609	2017-12-17 22:05:03	https://t.co/7Lj8ZxcSvx	Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson airport power cut grounds flights https://t.co/7Lj8ZxcSvx	Passengers at the world's busiest airport faced a second day of disruption on Monday after a power cut led to hundreds of cancellations.Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson airport lost power on Sunday, affecting tens of thousands of people.Passengers were left in darkened terminals or on board planes.Power was restored overnight and a handful of passenger flights resumed just after 06:00 local time (11:00 GMT) on Monday.Hundreds of other flights, however, were cancelled.The airport is the world's busiest, handling more than 250,000 passengers and almost 2,500 flights every day. But during its first hour of operation on Monday morning, fewer than a dozen commercial flights departed. A number of cargo flights had operated during the partial shutdown.Thousands remain stranded in the airport awaiting rescheduled flights. In a statement, the airport said it had distributed more than 5,000 meals to waiting passengers.Security processing began at about 03:30 local time, it said, but those with tickets dated Sunday would need to reprint them to pass through checkpoints.The airport advised passengers to check the status of their particular flight directly with their airline. In a statement, the airport confirmed it had suffered a power cut shortly after 13:00 on Sunday. Many flights scheduled to arrive from other airports were diverted elsewhere, or held at their departure airport.Georgia Power, which supplies the airport's electricity, said it believed a fire at an underground electrical facility had caused the power cut. Officials said a piece of its switchgear could have failed and started the fire, causing cable damage.Power was fully restored to the airport around midnight on Sunday. #atlanta #thenightthelightswentoutingeorgia #delta #airport #nopower #planes #reallyga?A post shared by cheforhire82 (@cheforhire82) on Dec 17, 2017 at 12:19pm PSTEnd of Instagram post by cheforhire82Atlanta's mayor confirmed the fire's cause was under investigation, and apologised to the thousands affected.A number of major airlines, including United, Southwest and American Airlines, completely suspended their operations on Sunday. Each had at least some flights scheduled to depart Monday.Images shared on social media showed passengers waiting in darkness. Some reported being stuck on board aircraft for six hours.One passenger, Jannifer Lee, was travelling to Minnesota from Florida with her 10-year-old pet rescue cat Penny.Her first flight was stuck for almost four hours at the gate."I was hoping to have a really smooth flight, especially with a cat," she told the BBC. "I've only ever flown with her for two or three hours before, not a 12-hour journey! I guess animals can be a lot more resilient than people."She and thousands of others were left stranded without information from airlines about onward travel."There was a lot of confusion on the flight, because the national news knew more about the situation than we did," Ms Lee said.Another passenger, Naomi Harm, was stranded on the tarmac on a Delta flight from Sacramento, California.She told the BBC that airline staff had kept the passengers in good spirits by communicating regularly and handing out any food and drinks they had available.She said one passenger seated close to her had been escorted down to the aircraft's cargo area to give insulin to his diabetic pet dog in the hold by an air marshal.After almost four hours she was guided out in darkness after portable steps were found for them to disembark. "Inside the terminal there were thousands all over, children crying," she said. "The air conditioning wasn't working and it was very hot inside."And we wait. #Delta crew phenomena! Every1 restless, but all under control.Hit the 3.5 hour mark of being stuck on tarmac #atlairport #cnn pic.twitter.com/ZsX2eHVfNrEnd of Twitter post by @naomiharmThe local police department confirmed it had sent extra officers to help the airport with the situation.About 30,000 passengers were reportedly affected by the power cut.Atlanta is located within a two-hour flight of 80% of the US population, making the city a major port of entry into the US and a common stopover for travel within the country.
942507143932121089	2017-12-17 21:29:48	https://t.co/NFJp5EJsvE	Recapturing the swagger https://t.co/NFJp5EJsvE	"I know I'm the king when I jump in the ring." The fighter's swagger still courses through Wally Carr. One of Australia's best Aboriginal boxers, Carr enjoyed a stellar career that spanned 100 professional bouts over 15 years, but later he became a drug-dependent alcoholic who was forced to sleep in abandoned houses. "I parade, I show off," Carr tells the BBC in Sydney. "Probably the only person in the world that can do it the way I did it was Mohammad Ali because I danced, I smiled. I was very good, I've never been counted out."But beneath the showman's bluster there is a lingering sense of injustice that Australia has never fully appreciated his remarkable achievements.Born in the New South Wales community of Wellington, Carr was taken from his mother as a young child and brought up by "six different families in six different towns".It was the bullying and beatings at the hands of schoolyard thugs that would stir a fighter's instinct and forge a path to a life in the ring."I came to Sydney when I was 16 and I stayed with my aunty," he says. "She had the TV on one night and the fights were on, and all these blackfellas are fighting. I said, 'Aunty, how much do the blackfellas get a fight?' She said A$50 (£29; $36), A$100 a fight. I said, 'Oh, fair dinkum?' I said, well, that's me - I am going to learn to fight - because I was only getting A$32 a week wages." His first visit to the gym was a gory experience, but even in those very early days he showed a fierce sparring partner what he was made of. "He punched the so-and-so out of me," Carr says. "I had blood pouring out of me but I wouldn't go down, naturally, and the trainer said, 'You're not real good at fighting, brother, but you've got plenty of ticker.'"Carr is 63. He is a tall and charismatic, and bears contorted teeth - a reminder of past battles that saw him hold 12 titles in six divisions. He quit boxing in the mid-1980s, but by then his life had begun to unravel. Gripped by drug and alcohol addiction, he became destitute. It would be the toughest fight of his life."I slept in a park for three years, slept in empty houses, very heavy on marijuana, very heavy on cocaine, and one of my daughters came over to visit me and found me on a footpath," he recalls. "I'd just had a heart attack. I just said enough is enough and I stopped everything that day. And at the moment I'm going very well."Seven years ago, Carr was introduced to Australian author Gaele Sobott, who agreed to write his story of struggle and success. The project took the pair from the male-dominated world of boxing to the desert, and into close-knit rural communities. The book, My Longest Round, is laced with tales of gangsters, hunting goannas (a type of lizard) and indigenous politics."Wally was the last of the 15-rounders, so it is something that should be spoken about more," Sobott says. "Although there has been some recognition since the book, there could be more, definitely. [His story] is a metaphor for what is happening in Australia. It is a metaphor to show that Aboriginal people are fighting and will continue to fight and will win, eventually."Carr was inducted into the Australian boxing hall of fame in 2010, joining a formidable list of legends including Lionel Rose, the first indigenous Australian to win a world title, Jeff Fenech and Kostya Tszyu. "He had a tremendous career," says Grantlee Kieza, a boxing writer with News Corp Australia. "He was one of the best fighters in Australia for a long time in the late '70s. He was tall, very rangy [and] fought most of the great Australian fighters over a 15-year period. It was just a who's who of the top boxers in Australia and New Zealand."Carr was tough to beat."Sometimes he could be a bit lackadaisical, but certainly when fight night was on he was a formidable opponent for anyone," Kieza says. "He knew all the tricks of professional boxing, he knew how to pace himself well, but he also knew how to really get the very best out of what talent he had." But has Australia mostly ignored his accomplishments? Kieza doesn't think so."It was just a tough time to be a fighter in the '70s because there were so many good fighters getting around. He was overshadowed a little bit," the boxing writer says.These days Carr is a grandfather, works for a rubbish collection business in Sydney, helps train aspiring young fighters and has ambitions to go on a speaking tour in Europe. Years might have passed since his last fight, but the bravado remains. "I encourage other blackfellas if you want to learn how to fight, come and see me. Yeah, I'm a genius," he says with his trademark grin.
942495446911606787	2017-12-17 20:43:19	https://t.co/cgcBW48Hpa	Iran TV broadcasts jailed doctor 'confessing to spying' https://t.co/cgcBW48Hpa	Iranian state TV has broadcast what it says is the confession of a Sweden-based Iranian national in jail in Iran.The 17-minute programme purports to show 46-year-old Ahmadreza Djalali admitting he spied on Iran's nuclear programme for Israel. Mr Djalali, an emergency medicine specialist, was sentenced to death on the charges in October.Appearing relaxed in the footage, Mr Djalali says he was involved in an important defence project.He says the project brought him into contact with Iran's top nuclear scientists, and that he regrets having betrayed their trust. At least four Iranian nuclear scientists were assassinated on the streets of Tehran between 2009 and 2012, and the documentary suggests that Mr Djalali was responsible for identifying at least two of them. Iran has always maintained that they were killed by agents of Israeli and Western intelligence agencies. Ominously, says Kasra Naji from the BBC's Persian Service, the documentary was credited to have been produced by the counter-intelligence department of the Iranian intelligence ministry. In October, a court in Iran sentenced Mr Djalali to death for spying - a charge that he and his wife previously consistently denied. Five days ago, human rights group Amnesty International said the Iranian Supreme Court had upheld the sentence "through a secret and hasty process and without allowing any defence submission", despite repeated enquiries by his lawyers. It said Mr Djalali had said in a letter from jail that he was being held in reprisal for refusing to use his connections in Europe to spy for Iran.He was arrested in April 2016 while on a business trip to Iran. Amnesty says he was held without access to a lawyer for seven months, three of which were in solitary confinement. While in solitary confinement, Mr Djalali has previously said, he was twice forced to make confessions in front of a video camera by reading out statements written by his interrogators. He says he was put under intense pressure, through psychological torture and threats to execute him and arrest his children, to "confess" to being a spy for a "hostile government". But he said such claims were fabricated.Iran is known to have broadcast forced confessions in the past.
942473813765353477	2017-12-17 19:17:22	https://t.co/Ysj0XEaGp7	Star Wars: The Last Jedi takes $450m on opening weekend https://t.co/Ysj0XEaGp7	The latest Star Wars film generated more than $450m (£337m) in global ticket sales on its opening weekend.The movie dwarfed its nearest rival - the computer-animated comedy Ferdinand, which took $13m (£10m).The total for The Last Jedi includes $220m (£165m) from box offices in the US and Canada, placing the film second in the all-time list for North America.It trails behind the 2015 release Star Wars: The Force Awakens, which opened with a record-breaking $248m (£185m).In third place, the Disney/Pixar animation Coco brought in just over $10m (£7.5m) during its fourth weekend in North American cinemas.Star Wars: The Last Jedi is the eighth instalment of the 40-year-old space saga and is directed by Rian Johnson, whose credits include Brick and Looper.It sees Mark Hamill and the late Carrie Fisher reprise their roles as Luke Skywalker and Princess Leia. British actors Daisy Ridley and John Boyega also return from The Force Awakens.The film has been widely praised by critics, and has a score of 93% on the film review website Rotten Tomatoes.Will Gompertz, the BBC's Arts Editor, gave it four out of five stars and said it was "packed with invention, wit, and action galore".
942467403371417605	2017-12-17 18:51:53	https://t.co/JzLp6KSUBl	Ryanair to meet Irish pilots' union in bid to halt strike https://t.co/JzLp6KSUBl	Ryanair pilots have suspended a pre-Christmas one-day strike, union bosses have announced.The Impact union, which represents Irish-based pilots, has agreed to meet Ryanair's management on Tuesday ahead of the planned action on Wednesday.It follows Ryanair's decision on Friday to recognise unions, in a bid to avert strikes across its European operations.Unions in other countries had already halted action, but Impact said Irish pilots wanted more clarification.In a statement on Sunday, the union said: "Impact has this evening suspended a planned one-day strike of Ryanair pilots next Wednesday after company management agreed to recognise the union as the representative of Irish-based pilots."The union has agreed to meet management on Tuesday evening, but says it is available to meet sooner."The union asked management to release its Ryanair pilot representatives to prepare for and attend the meeting."The union acknowledged the principled determination of Ryanair pilots."The airline has offered to recognise trade unions for the first time after pilots in Ireland, the UK, Germany, Italy, Spain and Portugal threatened walkouts.Ryanair said on Saturday that it would meet the German pilots' union for talks on Wednesday.The airline's chief operations officer, Peter Bellew, confirmed the planned meetings in a social media post on Saturday, saying "let's keep talking".Let's keep talking. Get people home quietly for Christmas. Union meetings planned next week… https://t.co/1eIBa5kzH2End of Twitter post by @peterbellewThe Dublin-based airline announced on Friday that it would recognise the unions "as long as they establish committees of Ryanair pilots... as Ryanair will not engage with pilots who fly for competitor airlines".It is the first time Ryanair boss Michael O'Leary has extended such an invitation to union leaders in the 32 years the company has been flying.Britain's Balpa union said on Saturday said it had accepted Ryanair's offer to represent British-based pilots, but only if the TUC federation of British trade unions was allowed to attend future talks.Friday's announcement led to Italian pilots' union Anpac and Portuguese union Spac calling off strike action due to take place next week. Pilots in Germany had voted to take industrial action some time during the Christmas period.German union Vereinigung Cockpit said the onus was now on Ryanair to "prove that this announcement is serious".In Spain, there are no strikes planned for pilots but ground staff unions have not ruled out action on 30 December. In October, Mr O'Leary wrote to his airline's pilots to offer them better pay and conditions after Ryanair was forced to cancel thousands of flights.The carrier admitted it had "messed up" the planning of its pilots' holidays.
942437991062089728	2017-12-17 16:55:01	https://t.co/mMAqBWX5G4	UK diplomat found murdered in Lebanon https://t.co/mMAqBWX5G4	Police in Lebanon have arrested an Uber driver in connection with the murder of a British woman in Beirut. The body of Rebecca Dykes, who worked at the British Embassy in the Lebanese capital, was found by a motorway on Saturday.A senior Lebanese security source told the BBC the arrested man was aged 35.Police sources said Ms Dykes had been sexually assaulted and strangled, and the man is expected to be charged with rape and murder later this week. Her family said in a statement: "We are devastated by the loss of our beloved Rebecca. We are doing all we can to understand what happened."They added: "We request that the media respect our privacy."Ms Dykes, who is believed to have been 30, had been working in Beirut as the programme and policy manager for the Department for International Development since January 2017.It is thought she spent Friday evening at a going-away party for a colleague in the popular Gemmayzeh district of Beirut, the BBC's Middle East correspondent Martin Patience said.After leaving the bar at about midnight it appears she was abducted. Her body was found close to a motorway on the outskirts of the city.The Foreign Office said it was in contact with the Lebanese authorities and confirmed an arrest had been made.The suspect was arrested in the early hours of Monday morning after police reportedly traced his car on traffic management CCTV.An official told the Reuters and AFP news agencies the preliminary investigation had showed Ms Dykes's killing "was not politically motivated".By Martin Patience, BBC Middle East correspondent, BeirutThe Gemmayzeh district of Beirut where Rebecca Dykes was last seen alive is well known for having some of the city's best and most expensive bars and restaurants.There is normally a relaxed atmosphere. It is a neighbourhood where foreign aid workers, diplomats and journalists mingle with wealthy Lebanese often into the early hours of the morning.Despite the chaos seen elsewhere in the region, Beirut in recent years has been regarded as relatively safe. That is why this murder has left the international community so shocked. After a late night out, many people would previously have thought nothing of catching one of the cabs that plough the streets or calling for an Uber.For a short while, anyway, that is likely to change. People will be more careful about how they get home. Beirut may be relatively safe but - as in any big city across the world - this murder is a reminder of the dangers.Josie Ensor, the Daily Telegraph's correspondent in Beirut, says the case has left foreign residents in the city unsettled.Speaking to the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme she said Beirut is a "very tight-knit community, so when something happens to one person, it feels quite close".Ms Ensor, who was due to attend the same party on Friday evening, added Ms Dykes "had just landed on her feet in Beirut and was starting to make friends and getting to know the city".Local police say a second post-mortem examination is to be carried out later.Hugo Shorter, the British Ambassador to Lebanon, tweeted that the whole embassy was "deeply shocked" and "saddened" by the news.The whole embassy is deeply shocked, saddened by this news. My thoughts are with Becky’s family, friends and colleagues for their tragic loss. We're providing consular support to her family & working very closely with Lebanese authorities who are conducting police investigation.End of Twitter post by @HugoShorterA DfID spokesman said: "Our thoughts are with Becky's family and friends at this very upsetting time."There is now a police investigation and the Foreign Office is providing consular support to Becky's family and working with the local authorities‎."Prior to her posting in Beirut, Ms Dykes worked with the Foreign Office as a policy manager for its Libya team and as an Iraq research analyst.According to her LinkedIn profile, she studied anthropology at the University of Manchester, and had a master's in International Security and Global Governance from Birkbeck, University of London.She was a former pupil of Malvern Girls' College and Rugby School, and had also taught English at a Chinese international school.Ms Dykes had reportedly been due to fly back to the UK for Christmas. She says on social media that she is from London.
942437116310708226	2017-12-17 16:51:32	https://t.co/F5uOMHiTaW	CIA 'helped stop Russia terror attack' https://t.co/F5uOMHiTaW	Information provided by the CIA helped Russian security services foil an attack on St Petersburg's Kazan cathedral, US and Russian leaders say.President Vladimir Putin phoned Donald Trump to thank him for the information, the White House and Kremlin confirmed.The attack was allegedly planned to take place on Saturday, Russia says.A White House statement said "terrorists" were captured prior to an attack "that could have killed large numbers of people".Russia's FSB security service said in a statement on Friday that it had detained seven members of a cell of Islamic State supporters and seized a significant amount of explosives, weapons and extremist literature.The cell was planning to carry out a suicide attack at a religious institution and kill citizens on Saturday, the FSB statement said (in Russian).The group was preparing explosions targeting the cathedral and other public places in Russia's second city, the Kremlin statement said on Sunday.Mr Putin told Mr Trump that Russia's special services would hand over information on terror threats to their US counterparts, it added.Mr Putin had asked the US president to pass on his thanks to the CIA director and the operatives involved, both countries said.US intelligence agencies, including the CIA, believe that Russia tried to sway last year's US presidential election in favour of Mr Trump - claims rejected by the Republican. A special counsel is investigating whether anyone from the Trump campaign colluded.While Mr Trump categorically denies colluding with Russia, he has talked about the importance of working together "constructively".Sunday's conversation between the two presidents marks the second time the two men have spoken in a week. On Thursday they discussed North Korea and Mr Trump thanked Mr Putin "for acknowledging America's strong economic performance" in his annual press conference, according to the White House.The White House said that the two leaders agreed in Sunday's phone call that the co-operation was "an example of the positive things that can occur when our countries work together".An explosion on St Petersburg's metro system in April killed at least 13 people and is thought to be linked to jihadists.Returning militants from Syria pose a real threat to Russia, the head of the FSB was quoted as saying on Tuesday.Security services had already prevented 18 terrorist attacks in 2017, Alexander Bortnikov said in comments reported by Itar-Tass news agency.
942416882606407680	2017-12-17 15:31:08	https://t.co/NnsobPtTNV	Only a small number of US officials were aware of the programmehttps://t.co/NnsobPtTNV	The Pentagon has been running a secret multi-million dollar programme to investigate Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs), US media report.Only a small number of officials were aware of the programme, which began in 2007 and was reportedly closed in 2012.The New York Times says documents from the operation describe strange speeding aircraft and hovering objects.But scientists were doubtful, stressing that unexplained happenings were not necessarily proof of alien life.The Advanced Aerospace Threat Identification Programme was the brainchild of Harry Reid, a retired Democratic senator who was the Senate majority leader at the time.He told the New York Times: "I'm not embarrassed or ashamed or sorry I got this thing going. I've done something that no one has done before."Mr Reid - former senator for Nevada, home to the mythologised "Area 51" classified US Air Force base - later tweeted that the programme was a serious effort to get to truth amid "plenty of evidence to support asking the questions".If anyone says they have the answers, they’re fooling themselves. We don’t know the answers but we have plenty of evidence to support asking the questions. This is about science and national security. If America doesn’t take the lead in answering these questions, others will.End of Twitter post by @SenatorReidThe programme is reported to have cost the Department of Defense more than $20 million (£15m) before it was shut down in order to save costs.Although its funding ended in 2012, officials have reportedly continued to investigate sightings of unusual aerial phenomena and suspicious objects alongside their daily duties.One former congressional staffer told Politico the programme may have been set up to monitor the technological progress of rival foreign powers."Was this China or Russia trying to do something or has some propulsion system we are not familiar with?", they said.Earlier this year, the US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) released millions of pages of declassified documents online.The records included UFO sightings and a collection of reports on flying saucers.
942415303987916801	2017-12-17 15:24:52	https://t.co/tHoT4K98qX	Storm Kai-tak: Philippines landslides kill 26, more missing https://t.co/tHoT4K98qX	Twenty-six people are dead and 23 are missing following landslides on the island of Biliran in the eastern Philippines, officials said.Tropical Storm Kai-tak, known locally as Urduja, battered the area on Saturday with heavy rains, strong winds and flash flooding.One police officer told AFP news agency "rocks as big as cars" had been dislodged by the rainfall.About 88,000 people were forced to leave their homes ahead of the storm.The storm has also disrupted ferry services, disaster officials said, leaving more than 15,000 passengers stranded, many of them trying to reach home for the Christmas holidays.However, the storm weakened on Sunday and was downgraded to a tropical depression.Who cleans up after hurricanes, earthquakes and war?Economic losses from natural disasters countedPhilippines country profile "Rocks as big as cars fell on concrete houses after three days of continuous, heavy rain" in the mountainous district of Lucsoon, chief inspector Lilibeth Morillo told AFP.Sofronio Dacillo, Biliran provincial disaster risk reduction and management officer, told the agency that the 26 victims had been killed in four towns.A rescue operation is under way to locate any trapped survivors.Local reports said the entire province was now without power and much of the area had reduced water supplies. Bridges crossing to the island have been damaged, making it difficult to bring in rescue and repair personnel.The storm tore across the wider region on Saturday, including the neighbouring islands of Samar and Leyte, damaging infrastructure and bringing down electricity lines. The region is still recovering from Typhoon Haiyan, which killed more than 5,000 people and affected millions in 2013. 
942405273783857152	2017-12-17 14:45:00	https://t.co/FxcJpL5vYv	Police investigate four baby deaths at South Korea hospital https://t.co/FxcJpL5vYv	Police are investigating the deaths of four newborn babies who died within 90 minutes of each other in an intensive care ward in South Korea.The babies all went into cardiac arrest while lying in incubators at Seoul's Ewha Womans University Medical Centre.Staff performed CPR but efforts to revive the babies were unsuccessful, a hospital official said.Family members told local media they were concerned about the health of the infants before they died on Saturday.They said the babies all had bloated stomachs and difficulty breathing. Hospital staff say they do not know what caused the cardiac arrests but told police they did "not seem to have originated from a contagious cause."Officials said the four babies had already died by the time police arrived at the hospital, which is in the Mok-dong area of western Seoul.The 12 remaining babies who were in the intensive care unit at the time of the incident have either been discharged or transferred to other hospitals.Police have been searching the hospital. They said autopsies are expected to be conducted on Monday to determine the babies' cause of death.South Korea has spent about $70bn (£53bn) trying to boost the country's birth rate over the past decade, handing out baby bonuses, improving paternity leave and paying for infertility treatment.
942380052003639297	2017-12-17 13:04:47	https://t.co/OMwR8ECVJI	Switzerland funicular: World's steepest railway opens https://t.co/OMwR8ECVJI	The world's steepest funicular railway has opened to the public in Switzerland. Specially constructed cylindrical carriages have been used to ensure that passengers can stay upright. The floors tilt, adjusting to the slope as the funicular climbs 110m (360ft) over a distance of 100m at the steepest point. The railway runs from the town of Schwyz up to the car-free Alpine village of Stoos.The Stoos Bahn took 14 years to build - two years longer than scheduled - at a cost of 52m Swiss francs (£40m; $53m).But Ivan Steiner, spokesman for the railway, said the project's completion had made everyone "very proud".In mountainous Switzerland, where children regularly use cable cars to get to school, the line will connect communities as well as provide a new tourist attraction, reports the BBC's Imogen Foulkes.Should potential passengers feel fainthearted, they can be reassured that the journey lasts just four minutes.You may also like:The BBC is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites
942368363694690304	2017-12-17 12:18:20	https://t.co/SfY2K6ArsE	Barry Sherman: Family disputes reports on mystery double death in Canada https://t.co/SfY2K6ArsE	The family of a Canadian billionaire and his wife have hit back at reports surrounding their recent deaths.Police are treating the deaths of Barry Sherman, 75, and his wife Honey, whose bodies were found in their Toronto home on Friday, as "suspicious" but say no suspects are being sought.Canadian media, citing police sources, say the case is being investigated as a possible murder-suicide. But a family statement said no-one close to the couple believed this. "Our parents shared an enthusiasm for life and commitment to their family and community totally inconsistent with the rumours regrettably circulated in the media as to the circumstances surrounding their deaths," it read.The statement went on to call for a "thorough, intensive and objective criminal investigation" and for the media to stop reporting on the cause of the deaths until the investigation was finished.The couple's bodies were found by their estate agent, who had been trying to sell the property. There was no sign of forced entry. Police say they are awaiting the results of post-mortem exams before deciding on their next steps.Several Canadian newspapers say they were told investigators were working on the assumption Mr Sherman had killed his wife before killing himself.Tributes have meanwhile been pouring in for the pair, with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau tweeting "condolences to their family & friends, and to everyone touched by their vision & spirit".One of Canada's richest men, Mr Sherman was the founder and chairman of pharmaceutical giant Apotex, which sells generic medicines around the world.A gifted student, Mr Sherman entered the trade through his uncle's Empire Laboratories, working for him while still at university before buying the company when his uncle died.He went on to sell Empire, creating Apotex, the company that made him a billionaire and which now employs more than 10,000 people.But he became embroiled in a family dispute, with his uncle's children seeking a stake in Apotex, arguing they had been cheated. A judge threw out their claim earlier this year.He also faced an investigation as to whether he had improperly held a fundraiser for Justin Trudeau before he became prime minister.Mrs Sherman was a board member for several hospitals, charities and Jewish organisations. The couple had four children and have given millions to charity.
942368363589849089	2017-12-17 12:18:20	https://t.co/Lvgf4dWACQ	François Gabart: French sailor slashes around the world solo record https://t.co/Lvgf4dWACQ	A French sailor has set a new world record for the fastest solo round-the-world navigation, beating the previous time by more than six days.François Gabart finished his circuit of the globe early on Sunday, in a time of 42 days, 16 hours, 40 minutes and 35 seconds.He completed the journey non-stop, confined to his trimaran sailing yacht since 4 November. Gabart broke the record set by his countryman Thomas Coville last year. The record was held at one stage by British national Dame Ellen MacArthur.Gabart's new record has yet to be verified by the World Sailing Speed Record Council, which will check the ship's GPS data before confirming the result.He crossed the finish line near the western limit of the English Channel at about 01:45 GMT, before turning his ship homeward.Capturing the drama just ahead of the finish, Gabart said in a video recorded in front of an on-board computer monitor: "The little blue bit is us, the red line is the finish. We should cross it any time now, the computer says 30 seconds."📸 Quelles images ! 📸Magnifique spectacle dans le Goulet de @BrestFr pour saluer l'arrivée de @francoisgabart à bord du #trimaranMACIF ! pic.twitter.com/2TiJigWBbXEnd of Twitter post by @trimaranMACIFThen he reported: "I've just crossed the finish line. It's pretty crazy. It's pretty unreal. I'm a bit overwhelmed. Just now I couldn't move I was at such a loss about what to do next. I'm in the dark. There are cargo ships and fishing boats around me. It's a pretty weird atmosphere and at the same time it's pretty extraordinary..."I'm proud and happy to have made this pretty voyage around the planet." As he arrived in the town of Brest in France's north-west several hours later, his yacht was escorted into port by a host of local boats in celebration of his accomplishment. Gabart's success is partly down to good luck with weather, which can dramatically influence sailing speeds.AFP news agency reports that, while chasing the global speed record, Gabart broke several others for solo racing, including the fastest navigation of the Pacific and the longest distance covered in 24 hours - 1,575km (851 miles).But his 30m (98ft) boat was also custom-designed for the purpose, using the latest technology, and reached speeds of 35 knots (65km/h) during the journey, it said.Gabart posted photos and video on social media frequently during his 42 days at sea, sharing his sunset views or his success at fishing with fans. Last sunrise 😋🌙🌎🌍🌏☀️@macifcourseaularge #49jourschrono #voile #backhomesoon #sailing #revonslarge #trimaranmacif #sunriseA post shared by François Gabart (@francoisgabart) on Dec 16, 2017 at 1:11am PSTEnd of Instagram post by francoisgabartWell-known sailor Michel Desjoyeaux told the AFP news agency it was not surprising that Gabart had broken Coville's record."The one thing we can be sure of is that Francois has a faster boat than Thomas had and if they raced head-to-head then he would be faster," he said. "And he has spent a great deal of time on a multi-hull and is completely unafraid of high speeds."
942361507710586881	2017-12-17 11:51:06	https://t.co/gUNLyvLXHI	Rocket rumbles give volcanic insights https://t.co/gUNLyvLXHI	What do volcanoes and rockets have in common? "Volcanoes have a nozzle aimed at the sky, and rockets have a nozzle aimed at the ground," explains Steve McNutt, a geosciences professor at the University of South Florida in Tampa. It explains why he and colleague Dr Glenn Thompson have installed the tools normally used to study eruptions at the famous Kennedy Space Center. Comparing the different types of rumblings could yield new insights. In the case of rockets, the team thinks their seismometers and infrasound (low-frequency acoustic waves) detectors might potentially be used by the space companies as a different type of diagnostic tool, to better understand the performance of their vehicles; or perhaps as a way to identify missiles in flight. In the case of volcanoes, the idea is to take the lessons learned at Kennedy and fine-tune the algorithms used to interpret what is happening in an eruption. It might even be possible to develop systems that give early warnings of some of the dangerous debris flows associated with volcanoes. "It all started really as a way to test and calibrate our equipment," says Glenn. "We don't have any volcanoes in South Florida - obviously. But Kennedy provided some strong sources, and it also gave our students the opportunity to learn how to deploy stations and work with the data." The team has now recorded the seismic and acoustic signals emanating from about a dozen rockets. Most have been associated with launches; a few have been related to what are called static fire tests, in which the engines on a clamped vehicle are briefly ignited to check they are flight-ready. But perhaps the most fascinating event captured so far was the SpaceX pad explosion in September 2016. This saw a Falcon 9 rocket suffer a catastrophic failure as it was being fuelled. Many people will have seen the video of the spectacular fireball. But Glenn's and Steve's equipment caught information not apparent in that film. For example, they detected more than 150 separate sub-events in the infrasound over the course of 26 minutes. These were likely individual tanks, pipes or other components bursting into flames. Of course, the SpaceX explosion was an unusual occurrence, and it is the more routine activity that most interests the team. And some clear patterns are starting to emerge in their study of "upside down volcanoes". "As the rocket gets higher and higher and accelerates, we see a decrease in the frequency in the infrasound - that's basically a Doppler shift because the source is moving away from us," says Steve. "And then you get a coupling of the signal in the air into the ground and this produces seismic waves recorded on the seismometer. "So, we get some common features between the infrasound and the seismometer, but then there's a little separation of the energy between the two." There is a lot still to learn, but the pair think they can distinguish the different types of rockets - to tell a Falcon from an Atlas from a Delta. There are subtle but significant divergences in their spectral signatures, which almost certainly reflect their distinct designs and modes of operation. Where in particular the rockets could have instruction for volcano monitoring is in describing moving sources. A rocket is a very well understood physical process. Its properties and parameters - such as the size of the nozzle orifice, the thrust, the trajectory and the distance - are all precisely known. The related seismic and acoustic signals should therefore serve as templates to help decipher some of the features of eruptions that share similar behaviours. Good examples of rapid movement in the volcano setting are the big mass surges like pyroclastic flows (descending clouds of hot ash/rock) and lahars (mud/ash avalanches). An objective of the team is to improve seismometer and infrasound systems' characterisation of these dangerous phenomena. This could lead to useful alerts being sent to people who live around volcanoes. "Assuming you can find a few safe places to put your instruments that are reasonably close, you'd get your advance warning," said Steve. "What you'd be doing then is getting the time and the strength of the signal and then watching it evolve to figure out which direction it's going. "If you can do that successfully then you can forecast with a couple of minutes in advance things like lahars and pyroclastic flows downstream."Glenn added: "I worked on [the Caribbean island of] Montserrat during the crisis from 1995 to 2011, and we did have a rudimentary system even then for tracking the pyroclastic density currents coming down the slopes of the volcano. "It wasn't quite a real-time application, but we hope with this kind of work that we can improve those algorithms and make them more of an automated alarm system."The equipment at Kennedy has been temporary, but the team is looking for a permanent installation.Like everyone, Glenn and Steve are particularly looking forward to the launch of SpaceX's Falcon Heavy vehicle in the New Year.The Heavy should produce nearly 23 meganewtons of thrust at lift-off, more than any rocket in operation today.It is sure to make for some interesting seismic and infrasound signals.Glenn Thompson and Steve McNutt detailed their work here at the Fall Meeting of the American Geophysical Union.Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmosThe BBC is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites
942361495429664770	2017-12-17 11:51:03	https://t.co/uiV8f06A34	Brexit: Theresa May says she 'will not be derailed' https://t.co/uiV8f06A34	The prime minister has said the government is "proving the doubters wrong" with its Brexit negotiations.EU leaders agreed talks can move on to the next stage in the new year, shortly after Theresa May suffered her first Commons defeat on Brexit.Writing in two Sunday papers, she vowed she would "not be derailed" from securing an "ambitious" deal.Labour's Diane Abbott told the BBC the Brexit negotiations were "a mess" and were causing concern.Writing in the Sunday Telegraph and Sunday Express, Mrs May said the last 10 days had "marked a watershed" in the Brexit process and that the government would now "begin to build that new, deep and special partnership" with the EU.Get news from the BBC in your inbox, each weekday morning"This is the exciting part of the negotiations and there is no limit on our ambition and creativity," she said.She said talks would now start on the implementation period for Brexit and the future of trading relationships."Amid all the noise, we are getting on with the job," she added.Cabinet ministers are due to discuss their stance on the relationship they want with the EU - the UK's "end state" - in the coming days, but some ministers are thought to favour a closer alignment than others.Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, who was a leading voice in the referendum Leave campaign, has argued that the UK cannot mirror EU law in the long term.The EU's guidelines for phase two of the negotiations say the UK would "continue to participate in the customs union and the single market during the transition" - a period of up to two years after the UK leaves the EU in March 2019 - and remain under the jurisdiction of the European Court of Justice.Mr Johnson said if the UK ended up being forced to mirror EU laws "we would have gone from being a member state to a vassal state".He said the UK needed "something new and ambitious, which allows zero tariffs and frictionless trade" but maintains the freedom to "decide our own regulatory framework and own laws".Speaking on BBC One's Andrew Marr Show, Work and Pensions Secretary David Gauke said any final trade deal between the UK and EU must "maximise" access to the EU market."We are not looking for an EEA-type (European Economic Area) arrangement so that, essentially, it's continuity as far as the end state is concerned," he said."But it is also important that we maximise our access to the European markets, that is really important to the UK."Lib Dem Leader Sir Vince Cable told BBC Radio 5live it was difficult to say where the prime minister stood on what the UK's final "end state" relationship with the EU would be.He told Pienaar's Politics that his impression, in his five years working with Mrs May during the 2010-2015 coalition government, when she was home secretary, was that she was "not terribly interested in economic matters".He added that that "makes her quite difficult to place" on whether she would prefer a close single market-type arrangement, the so-called Norway model, or a "more distant" variant like Canada. "I've no idea how she would react to that because she was preoccupied, I would say, obsessed with, immigration as an issue and that was her job". Meanwhile, Shadow Home Secretary Diane Abbott was asked whether Labour would back a Norway-style deal for the UK. Norway is not in the EU but has access to the single market, in return for a financial contribution and accepting the majority of EU laws. She said Labour was "not conducting this negotiation" but it would not back anything "that damages jobs and the economy". Pressed on whether the UK may have to make payments to get access to the single market, she replied: "We may have to do so, but we have to see how the Tories' negotiations go".The prime minister lost in the Commons earlier this week when MPs - including 11 from her own party - voted to give Parliament a legal guarantee of a vote on the final Brexit deal struck with Brussels.Following the vote, there were calls for the Tory rebels to be deselected by the party and some received death threats.Tory peers Baroness Altmann and Baroness Wheatcroft have written in the Observer that such threats "are worrying symptoms of the toxic atmosphere which has been created in our country" and the Lords would be "unlikely to be receptive to bullying over a restricted timetable or vigorous whipping to toe the party line".But former chancellor Ken Clarke, who was among the 11 rebels, said reports of de-selection threats were "all nonsense". "I think it's caused by all the rubbish that keeps appearing in the right-wing newspapers, which have completely lost their heads over the whole thing," he said.
942361495396118528	2017-12-17 11:51:03	https://t.co/V0JSfaBTPS	Magic lingers https://t.co/V0JSfaBTPS	Janet Jackson plays the last date of her State of the World tour in Atlanta this Sunday.Staged less than a year after the birth to her first child, its a powerful return - condemning domestic terrorism, white supremacy and police brutality with a sense of urgency and alarm.The political nature of the production is supported by the musical choices, which highlight socially-conscious album tracks like The Knowledge and What About alongside Jackson's 28 top 10 hits.It's earned the star some of the best reviews of her career, and rekindled many fans' enthusiasm. Among them is Christine Cardona, who reflects here on her relationship with the singer.I recently found myself with a lapful of beignets, giddy with a childish excitement, in the backseat of a rental car. A few hours earlier, I'd flown from my home in New York to New Orleans, collected a friend in each airport, and started the two-hour drive to Lafayette for the opening night of Janet Jackson's State of the World Tour. As our "Ultimate Janet" playlist pumped through the speakers, I had flashbacks to the many drives, and the countless buses, trains and planes I'd boarded for a glimpse of Janet Jackson. I tried to remember how it all began.It was the mid-90s and I was not quite a teenager. MTV was thriving and Janet's video for Again was in heavy rotation. It made me feel things I wouldn't understand for years to come. It was soft. So soft. So sensual, so strong, so… feminine. I felt something when Gary Dourdan (Janet's love interest in the video) gently circled his hand around her washboard abs. My heart sank a little when her voice broke with longing, and her doe-eyes begged to be held. Somewhere deep in the recesses of my impressionable, adolescent brain I filed this away as "Woman." Not long after, Janet released her first greatest hits album, Design of a Decade. I saved my allowance money to purchase it. To my disappointment, Again was not on the track listing. Instead, there was a whole catalogue of songs I was only half-aware of. I began to work my way backwards through the albums that led to this compilation.The bold sexuality of 1993's Janet is apparent at first glance. The album cover, famously, shows the star topless, her breasts covered by her then-partner's hands. My friend and I used to sit and read the lyrics until we had them committed to memory. I knew early on the actual words she sang in If, but I also remember the specific moment when I realised, with shock, exactly they meant. But it wasn't just sex. On You Want This her confidence is relentless. It remains an enormously underrated song of female empowerment.Then there was the social consciousness of 1989's Rhythm Nation. My discovery of this album coincided with my introduction to the African-American History curriculum, or as much of it as a suburban public school in a largely white community teaches. I wrote school papers on social and racial injustices, quoting Janet's lyrics. I can now only imagine the eye rolls that must have accompanied the grading of them, but everyone at least seemed to appreciate my passion. End of Youtube post by JanetJacksonVEVOAnd there was Janet's breakthrough album, Control, with its message of emancipation and independence. It's easy to understand how a teenager would latch onto that one.By the time 1997's Velvet Rope album rolled around, I was acting in real time. I purchased it at midnight on its release date, 20 years ago this past October. The cover features Janet's bright red curls bowed down in... what? Reflection? Meditation? Gratitude? I listened to it alone, on headphones, in the privacy of my own bedroom, which at the time was a small shrine to Janet - posters plastered on the walls, the floors carpeted in piles of magazines. With themes of self-awareness, loneliness, and sexual exploration, the album mirrored feelings I wasn't even aware I was having. At 15, I was just figuring out who I was. I was navigating the ups and downs of my teenage years, exploring my emotions, learning my own body, finding my way.When the Velvet Rope Tour hit Detroit, Michigan in the summer of 1998, it would be my first concert. Looking back now, I realize this trip was one of my first true experiences with diversity - the kind that my suburban New Jersey upbringing hadn't really offered. The people, both in my group and the general audience, were of varying backgrounds, ages, races and sexual orientations. My mother, who had to accompany me because I was a minor, was really taken by the number of gay men in attendance. I remember her asking what it was about this iconic, overtly sexual singer, that were they into? It was a genuine inquiry, but at the time I had neither an answer nor the need to make sense of it.It would be well over a decade before I'd be able to wrap my mind around the relationships between female pop stars and gay men. Before I'd hear countless stories about how watching their male dancers made people realize they were gay, and made others know it was going to be OK to come out; or about how music gave teens who were uncomfortable in their homes, in their schools, and in their own skin solace. It would take even longer before I realised the complex relationships between gay men and women in general. The very types of relationships that would inform my 20s, and sustain me in the single years of my 30s.On the third night of our Detroit trip, we were taken backstage to meet Janet. For some unknown reason, the image burned into my brain is of plastic bowls filled with brightly-coloured candies. She came out, sweet as the confections, smiling big, in denim overalls and a sunshine-yellow top. I was flustered and emotional. I got a quick hug and the chance to say, "thank you," over and over again, as she nodded in a way that implied she knew what I was thanking her for and, at the same time, had no idea. I cried on the plane ride back. I had come so physically close to her, but I'd not been able to articulate the things I most wanted to say.When Janet released her next two albums (2001's All For You and 2004's Damita Jo) I was attending Boston University with one of the Janet fans I'd met in Detroit. We were taking sketchy $20 bus rides between Boston and New York City every few weeks for an endless blur of album signings, talk show appearances and performances. We'd sleep outside in lines on city sidewalks, near parks, under brightly-lit marquees and the fans' camaraderie on those nights stays with me. We took care of each other.I was taking my first women's studies classes during "Nipplegate" - that infamous Super Bowl moment when Justin Timberlake ripped open Janet's bustier and exposed her nipple to the world. We were specifically asked not to mention it in our work. The instructors had tired of it, or felt it was too ripe for plagiarism. I remember feeling it was a very specific sort of slight. The country was suddenly in the grips of Janet and her (literally) star-studded nipple, and I couldn't discuss it. I don't even know if I understand in present day all the implications of that nip slip - of what it says about how women's bodies are regarded (or disregarded); about society's fears of women as sexual beings, particularly black women; and about the way culture selectively chooses when to be prudish and when the sexualisation of women is marketable and acceptable. After college, I won a fan club contest to meet Janet again, and was flown with my friend to Las Vegas. After some professional obligations, she retired to a private balcony with us, a few assistants, and several friends. We stood together at the edge of a railing, and I scanned her face (OK, I was blatantly staring), watching her derive satisfaction from looking at the crowd below, dancing to her music. We took a tequila shot, and talked briefly. She was kind, generous with her time. This time, I found more words than "thank you". The club was loud, and she leaned in close, almost cheek to cheek, so I could hear her famously quiet speaking voice. She encouraged me to pursue a career in television. She referenced her favourite parts of my competition entry, and I couldn't believe she had read it. It was a life highlight, but I still couldn't shake the feeling there was something I needed her to know, something I still hadn't been able to communicate.Shortly after Vegas, I moved to New York City to try out that whole working-in-television thing. As my life picked up, I did fewer fan-related things. There were fewer of them to do - Janet disappeared and reappeared, weaving in and out of my life as her focus shifted away from music.In 2015, I was in my early 30s, searching for a way to ease newfound anxieties, when Janet's Unbreakable album was released. Her first record in seven years, it reminded me so much of The Velvet Rope - confident, yet vulnerable; reflective, but uninterested in other people's opinions. Aged 49, she had changed personally, vocally, and musically, but she was also, unmistakably the same Janet I fell in love with. For me, the most endearing part of the project was that it represented growth, not reinvention - the kind of growth and self-actualization we all strive for.I caught the Unbreakable Tour in Chicago and planned to see it again in New York, but Janet had some health issues followed by her pregnancy and the tour flickered out.When it was announced she would resume live performances so soon after giving birth (and getting divorced), I was surprised. I didn't imagine her coming back so quickly. At the urging of friends, I decided to take a last-minute chance on the opening night in Lafayette, Louisiana. The State Of The World tour mixes old songs that have never been played live, with others that have lain dormant for almost 30 years, alongside new material. It's all-encompassing, and it highlights a lengthy and exhaustive career. This woman owns the stage for the full duration. Her dancing is mesmerizing - the particular mixture of old and new choreography is masterful. She's out there "milly rocking" in a way that puts kids to shame. My bias is mine, but the reviewers seem to be with me.But something is different on this tour. I think people, including me, didn't expect to see her out here like this again. They've been dressing as different versions of Janet, wearing fun and thoughtful custom shirts. I've even invested in a gold key earring and some "State of the World" lip colour. Wearing them makes me so damn happy, I feel like a kid. I think we're all doing a bit of self-soothing under the security blanket of nostalgia, but we're also really thrilled that whatever this thing is, it isn't entirely in the past. The magic is still happening and that brings a distinct sort of satisfaction. The joy of having these songs and experiences to grow with is what I'd been trying to express to Janet all along.So many of us have stories about the ways Janet made us feel heard or accepted, or how she's left her mark on us. At 51, she may be embarking on her first journey through motherhood, but she already has generations of people who feel, at least a little bit, raised on Janet.Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.The BBC is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites
942352445296005120	2017-12-17 11:15:05	https://t.co/Sb2UE3KhvX	Sydney man charged with being 'economic agent' for North Korea https://t.co/Sb2UE3KhvX	A man has been arrested in Sydney for allegedly acting as an economic agent for North Korea, Australian Federal Police (AFP) have said.Chan Han Choi, 59, has been charged with brokering illegal exports from the country and discussing the supply of weapons of mass destruction.Police allege he has broken both UN and Australian sanctions.The case against the suspect, who has lived in Australia for more than 30 years, is a first for the country.Never before has someone been charged under the country's 1995 Weapons of Mass Destruction (Prevention of Proliferation) Act.Police say there was evidence that Chan Han Choi had been in contact with "high ranking officials in North Korea".They allege he had brokered services related to North Korea's weapons programme, including the sale of specialist services including ballistic missile technology to foreign entities, in order to generate income for the North Korean regime.Chan Han Choi also was charged with brokering the sale of coal from North Korea to groups in Indonesia and Vietnam. He is facing six charges in total after being arrested at his home on Saturday night. In a Sunday news conference, police confirmed the man was a naturalised Australian citizen of Korean origin who had been in the country for over 30 years. They described him as a "loyal agent" who "believed he was acting to serve some higher patriotic purpose". But police insisted the man's actions did not pose any "direct risk" to Australians, with the actions occurring offshore."I know these charges sound alarming. Let me be clear we are not suggesting there are any weapons or missile component that ever came to Australian soil," AFP Assistant Commissioner Neil Gaughan said. "Any individual who attempts to fly in the face of sanctions cannot and will not go unnoticed in Australia."The suspect could face up to 10 years in prison and has been denied bail.In October the Australian government said they had received a letter from North Korea urging Canberra to distance itself from the Trump administration. Pyongyang had previously warned that Australia would "not be able to avoid a disaster" if it followed US policies towards Kim Jong-un's regime.
942348751481507840	2017-12-17 11:00:25	https://t.co/7jdrUwTihS	Trump Russia inquiry: Mueller improperly obtained emails, Trump lawyer says https://t.co/7jdrUwTihS	A lawyer for a group set up to help Donald Trump's transition to the White House has accused special counsel Robert Mueller of unlawfully obtaining thousands of emails.Kory Langhofer made the comments in a letter to congressional committees. But a spokesperson for Mr Mueller said the "appropriate criminal process" had been followed.Mr Mueller is investigating allegations of collusion between Mr Trump's presidential campaign and Russia.Mr Langhofer works for the Trump for America (TFA) group. It used the facilities, including email hosting, of a government agency, the General Services Administration (GSA), in the period between Donald Trump's election in November 2016 and inauguration in January. In his letter, Mr Langhofer, says GSA staff "unlawfully produced TFA's private materials, including privileged communications, to the special counsel's office".The GSA, he complains, "did not own or control the records in question" and the constitutional rights of transition officials were violated. Mr Langhofer goes on to ask Congress to act to protect future presidential transitions from having "private records misappropriated by government agencies, particularly in the context of sensitive investigations intersecting with political motives".The emails obtained reportedly involve 13 Trump transition officials, including former national security adviser Michael Flynn who pleaded guilty to making false statements to the FBI earlier this month.A spokesperson for Mr Mueller said they had done nothing wrong."When we have obtained emails in the course of our ongoing criminal investigation, we have secured either the account owner's consent or appropriate criminal process," Peter Carr said.GSA Deputy Counsel Lenny Loewentritt has denied another of Mr Langhofer's accusations, that the GSA assured that requests for Trump transition records would go through the group's lawyers.He told BuzzFeed that the transition group knew materials would have to be provided to law enforcement "therefore, no expectation of privacy can be assumed".Democratic Representative Eric Swalwell tweeted that the accusations were "another attempt to discredit Mueller as his #TrumpRussia probe tightens".US intelligence agencies believe Moscow tried to tip the presidential election in favour of Mr Trump - a charge denied by both Russia and the US president. Mr Trump has called Mr Mueller's investigation a "witch hunt" while other Republicans accuse it of bias. Michael Flynn became the most senior Trump official to be charged as part of the inquiry after admitting making false statements to the FBI about meetings with Russia's ambassador.Another ex-aide, George Papadopoulos, has also pleaded guilty to making false statements to FBI agents.In October, Mr Trump's former campaign manager, Paul Manafort, and his business associate Rick Gates were accused of conspiring to defraud the US in dealings with Ukraine. Both deny the charges, which centre on relations with a former Ukrainian president who was very close to Russia. On Friday, the top Democrat on the House intelligence committee, Adam Schiff, said he feared Republican members wanted to shut down their own investigation. President Trump's private lawyers are expected to meet Mr Mueller and members of his team next week to discuss the next phases of the inquiry, US media report.
942315072457728000	2017-12-17 08:46:35	https://t.co/bcYKU0LehK	Multiple casualties in Pakistan Methodist church attack https://t.co/bcYKU0LehK	A suicide bomb and gun attack on a Methodist church in Pakistan has killed at least nine people, officials say.Militants stormed the church, which was packed with worshippers at the time, in the city of Quetta, some 65km (40 miles) from the Afghan border.The Islamic State group has said it carried out the attack. Two suicide bombers were stopped at the entrance to the church, Sarfraz Bugti, the Balochistan region's home minister, said.Had the men got any further, there could have been hundreds of casualties, he added.One of the men detonated his bomb vest and the other was stopped in a gunfight with police.Two more attackers fled and a search operation is under way, according to reports.Dozens of people are known to have been wounded in the attack, which took place during a Sunday service at Bethel Memorial Methodist Church.A witness told the BBC that several children attending Sunday school had taken shelter while firing continued around them. A spokesman for the foreign affairs ministry, Dr Mohammed Faisal, condemned the attack.Attacks in the mainly Sunni Muslim region are not uncommon, often targeting the Hazara Shia Muslim community in suicide bombings.But Pakistan's Christian minority has also frequently been the subject of militant attacks, and guards had been placed near the church in Quetta as a result.
942272703645519873	2017-12-17 05:58:13	https://t.co/IaHmba6Mj0	Trump Russia probe: Mueller has 'thousands' of transition team emails https://t.co/IaHmba6Mj0	A lawyer for a group set up to help Donald Trump's transition to the White House has accused special counsel Robert Mueller of unlawfully obtaining thousands of emails.Kory Langhofer made the comments in a letter to congressional committees. But a spokesperson for Mr Mueller said the "appropriate criminal process" had been followed.Mr Mueller is investigating allegations of collusion between Mr Trump's presidential campaign and Russia.Mr Langhofer works for the Trump for America (TFA) group. It used the facilities, including email hosting, of a government agency, the General Services Administration (GSA), in the period between Donald Trump's election in November 2016 and inauguration in January. In his letter, Mr Langhofer, says GSA staff "unlawfully produced TFA's private materials, including privileged communications, to the special counsel's office".The GSA, he complains, "did not own or control the records in question" and the constitutional rights of transition officials were violated. Mr Langhofer goes on to ask Congress to act to protect future presidential transitions from having "private records misappropriated by government agencies, particularly in the context of sensitive investigations intersecting with political motives".The emails obtained reportedly involve 13 Trump transition officials, including former national security adviser Michael Flynn who pleaded guilty to making false statements to the FBI earlier this month.A spokesperson for Mr Mueller said they had done nothing wrong."When we have obtained emails in the course of our ongoing criminal investigation, we have secured either the account owner's consent or appropriate criminal process," Peter Carr said.GSA Deputy Counsel Lenny Loewentritt has denied another of Mr Langhofer's accusations, that the GSA assured that requests for Trump transition records would go through the group's lawyers.He told BuzzFeed that the transition group knew materials would have to be provided to law enforcement "therefore, no expectation of privacy can be assumed".Democratic Representative Eric Swalwell tweeted that the accusations were "another attempt to discredit Mueller as his #TrumpRussia probe tightens".US intelligence agencies believe Moscow tried to tip the presidential election in favour of Mr Trump - a charge denied by both Russia and the US president. Mr Trump has called Mr Mueller's investigation a "witch hunt" while other Republicans accuse it of bias. Michael Flynn became the most senior Trump official to be charged as part of the inquiry after admitting making false statements to the FBI about meetings with Russia's ambassador.Another ex-aide, George Papadopoulos, has also pleaded guilty to making false statements to FBI agents.In October, Mr Trump's former campaign manager, Paul Manafort, and his business associate Rick Gates were accused of conspiring to defraud the US in dealings with Ukraine. Both deny the charges, which centre on relations with a former Ukrainian president who was very close to Russia. On Friday, the top Democrat on the House intelligence committee, Adam Schiff, said he feared Republican members wanted to shut down their own investigation. President Trump's private lawyers are expected to meet Mr Mueller and members of his team next week to discuss the next phases of the inquiry, US media report.
942257673055166464	2017-12-17 04:58:30	https://t.co/6S2g6wpOUR	South Africa's ANC party to vote for new leader https://t.co/6S2g6wpOUR	Votes are being counted in a leadership election for South Africa's ruling African National Congress (ANC), currently run by President Jacob Zuma.About 5,000 delegates cast their votes in a bitterly fought race between Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa and ex-minister Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma.Emotions have run high, with delegates shouting each other down as they raised objections over voting rules.The ANC has governed South Africa since it attained democracy 23 years ago.The eventual winner will be in a strong position to become national president after elections in 2019.But the leadership battle has caused fierce political infighting, raising fears the party may split before then. It has not been speedy. It had been hoped a result could come on Sunday but the voting only got under way in the early hours of Monday and went on through the night.More than 4,700 delegates are at the four-day ANC elective conference at the Expo Centre in Johannesburg and they are not just voting for a leader, but for five other top posts.Accusations of bogus delegates being given accreditation have not helped matters.Nevertheless, the ANC was able to confirm at about midday local time (10:00 GMT) on Monday that voting had ended and counting had begun, with a result to be announced later in the day.Cyril Ramaphosa is one of the country's wealthiest men and a former leading trade unionist.He led the talks in the 1990s to end apartheid rule, before turning to a business career.The 65-year-old has spoken out strongly against state corruption and for re-energising the economy.For this, he has the backing of the business community.Party chief whip Jackson Mthembu took to Twitter to say he had voted for Mr Ramaphosa,Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, 68, is Mr Zuma's ex-wife and has his support. A veteran politician, she has been critical of the enduring power of white-owned businesses and has vowed to tackle what she says is continuing racial inequality.She served as Nelson Mandela's health minister, bringing in laws banning smoking in public areas, and later as foreign minister.Police Minister Fikile Mbalula tweeted that he had voted for her.It would seem so. Many are saying there could be just the smallest of margins between winning and losing, says the BBC's Lebo Diseko at the conference.The leadership contest is also conducted in secret, and legal challenges are possible. Early rumours of a modest Ramaphosa lead were quickly reflected by a rise in the financial markets.But correspondents say there was a lot of singing in support of Ms Dlamini-Zuma on Sunday, and not much for Mr Ramaphosa.Whoever wins would be a massive favourite for the 2019 presidential elections.The outcome also matters hugely to the future of the ANC.Mr Zuma, who has been in power since 2009, has himself warned that the party is under threat and at a "crossroads".In his final speech as party leader at Saturday's conference opening, Mr Zuma denounced the party's "petty squabbling" during the leadership battle.The party has overwhelmingly won every election since the country moved to democracy in 1994 under Mr Mandela.But Mr Zuma said last year's disappointing results in local elections, when it polled only 54%, "were a stark reminder that our people are not happy with the state of the ANC". The BBC's Andrew Harding says a question remains whether the party is in terminal decline, and what that might mean for South Africa's stability and its future.
942218827022110720	2017-12-17 02:24:08	https://t.co/a9Zwhgc9wV	Sydney man charged with being 'economic agent' for North Korea https://t.co/a9Zwhgc9wV	A man has been arrested in Sydney for allegedly acting as an economic agent for North Korea, Australian Federal Police (AFP) have said.Chan Han Choi, 59, has been charged with brokering illegal exports from the country and discussing the supply of weapons of mass destruction.Police allege he has broken both UN and Australian sanctions.The case against the suspect, who has lived in Australia for more than 30 years, is a first for the country.Never before has someone been charged under the country's 1995 Weapons of Mass Destruction (Prevention of Proliferation) Act.Police say there was evidence that Chan Han Choi had been in contact with "high ranking officials in North Korea".They allege he had brokered services related to North Korea's weapons programme, including the sale of specialist services including ballistic missile technology to foreign entities, in order to generate income for the North Korean regime.Chan Han Choi also was charged with brokering the sale of coal from North Korea to groups in Indonesia and Vietnam. He is facing six charges in total after being arrested at his home on Saturday night. In a Sunday news conference, police confirmed the man was a naturalised Australian citizen of Korean origin who had been in the country for over 30 years. They described him as a "loyal agent" who "believed he was acting to serve some higher patriotic purpose". But police insisted the man's actions did not pose any "direct risk" to Australians, with the actions occurring offshore."I know these charges sound alarming. Let me be clear we are not suggesting there are any weapons or missile component that ever came to Australian soil," AFP Assistant Commissioner Neil Gaughan said. "Any individual who attempts to fly in the face of sanctions cannot and will not go unnoticed in Australia."The suspect could face up to 10 years in prison and has been denied bail.In October the Australian government said they had received a letter from North Korea urging Canberra to distance itself from the Trump administration. Pyongyang had previously warned that Australia would "not be able to avoid a disaster" if it followed US policies towards Kim Jong-un's regime.
942200812805197824	2017-12-17 01:12:33	https://t.co/IFGhtBk94T	Chile: Landslide destroys village and kills at least five https://t.co/IFGhtBk94T	A landslide caused by torrential rain has killed at least five people in southern Chile and has destroyed dozens of houses. Fifteen people are missing in the remote village of Villa Santa Lucía in the country's lake region, popular with tourists. President Michelle Bachelet has declared a state of emergency in the area.Thousands remain without electricity and cut off from the rest of Chile. "I have ordered rescue workers to put all the resources necessary towards protecting the people of Villa Santa Lucia," said Ms Bachelet. Part of the valley where the village lies, some 1,100km (690 miles) south of the capital, Santiago, was engulfed by a huge amount of mud from surrounding mountains.Local media reported that the region had experienced unusually heavy rain for the previous 24 hours. Dozens of people have been airlifted and taken to the neighbouring town of Chaitén. Rescue teams are searching for survivors. The village is near Corcovado National Park, popular with tourists for its volcanoes, fjords and forests.The mudslide happened on Saturday morning, on the eve of the run-off election to choose Chile's next president.The authorities say the vote is going ahead as planned.Some 14 million Chileans are eligible to choose between the centre-right candidate, Sebastián Piñera, and Alejandro Guillier, who is endorsed by Ms Bachelet. 
942195989452115968	2017-12-17 00:53:23	https://t.co/79RHFjeHe5	Reality Check https://t.co/79RHFjeHe5	The claim: Seafood lovers could be eating up to 11,000 microscopic pieces of plastic a year.Reality Check verdict: There is evidence of plastic microparticles being found in the particular mussels and oysters examined, but the research suggests that in order to consume that much plastic you'd have to be eating an average of more than four oysters or between 17 and 18 mussels a day. The figure of 11,000 bits of plastic a year, which has been reported by the Daily Mail and others recently, comes from a piece of Ghent University research dating back to June 2014. The researchers were investigating how much plastic is consumed by humans via water molluscs such as mussels and oysters. The researchers looked at mussels which lived on farms in the North Sea and were bought in Germany, and at oysters from Brittany in France which were farmed in the Atlantic Ocean.Farming in this context means the mussels and oysters lived on "rope" that hangs in seawater while they were growing. First they examined the combined tissue of three mussels and two oysters which was about 15-20 grams of meat and found that there was an average of 0.42 plastic particles per gram. While reports of this figure featured photographs of plastic bottles and other waste washed up on beaches, these particular particles are very small - if you put 11,000 of them in a line it would cover about 4in (11cm).To get an idea of how many particles people were likely to be eating, the authors accessed data from the European Food Safety Authority's food consumption database.The database has details of how much people of different ages eat of particular food groups.They took a group of Belgians aged between 65 and 74 as a sample of a high consumers of water molluscs.These people ate an average of 73.9g per day, which is about 27kg a year. When you multiply that by the 0.42 particles per gram, you reach just over 11,000 pieces of plastic.The trouble is that the figure for seafood consumption was only based on data for 17 Belgian people and was carried out in 2004.The 73.9g per day works out at more than four oysters and between 17 and 18 mussels every day, which is an extraordinarily high consumption.The best corresponding figure we have for the UK is based on a small sample of 58 adults - surveyed in 2000 - who ate seafood. The group averaged 14.3g of water molluscs per day which could mean that they consumed 2,192 plastic particles per year.That's considerably below the figure for the Belgians.The Ghent study says that we do not yet know whether plastic microparticles are harmful to humans and that more research is needed.But it does demonstrate that plastics are getting into our food chain via seafood such as mussels and oysters.And it's not only about human health. The final episode of the BBC's Blue Planet II warned about the dangers of sea creatures eating plastic microparticles, which come from bigger plastic items breaking down in the water.Read more from Reality CheckSend us your questionsFollow us on TwitterThe BBC is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites
942194468819816450	2017-12-17 00:47:21	https://t.co/kU514cLVkj	Press under pressure https://t.co/kU514cLVkj	Sitting behind a desktop computer in his first-floor offices in Islamabad, Taha Siddiqui cuts a lonely figure.He is a well-known journalist whose work has appeared in the New York Times, the Guardian and many other international publications. In 2014 he won the Albert Londres Prix award, the French equivalent of the Pulitzer Prize, for his coverage of Pakistan.But in his own country he is better known for critical comments on social media about the powerful military. And this has had consequences.In May, when he was baby-sitting his four-year-old son at home, he received a call from the counter-terrorism wing of the civilian Federal Investigation Agency (FIA), asking him to appear before it urgently.He made some quick calls to his contacts and learned that the FIA was looking into a list of writers who had been criticising the military. His name was on that list."I immediately knew where the pressure was coming from," he says, adding that he often received calls from security agencies wanting to discuss his work. Mr Siddiqui obtained a court order restraining the FIA from arresting him, but the summons to appear still stands.He says he can "hardly do any serious journalism without talking about the military, which has an extensive footprint in the country beyond its mandate"."What bothers me is not the officials, but how my family and friends are now putting pressure on me to go silent."While Mr Siddiqui remains physically unhurt, others have not been as lucky.In late October, an Islamabad-based reporter of the Jang group of newspapers, Ahmad Noorani, was severely beaten by six men wielding iron knuckles, chains and knives.His investigations into the recent Panama Papers case hearings unearthed embarrassing revelations about the role of the military that led to what some saw as the "forced" disqualification of then Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif by the Supreme Court.Fingers were pointed at the military, which had to publicly distance itself from the attack by calling it "a malicious attempt to cause unrest". Flowers were even sent to Mr Noorani in hospital.Pakistan ranks 139 out of 180 countries listed on the World Press Freedom Index 2017, compiled by Reporters Sans Frontieres (RSF). This places it among the world's most dangerous countries for reporters."The threat to journalists comes from both state and non-state actors," says Iqbal Khattak, RSF's country representative in Pakistan."At least five journalists have been killed so far this year. Some fell to local politics, others to personal feuds, while militant Islamist groups appear to be involved in at least one murder," he says.There have also been more than half a dozen cases in which journalists have either been issued threats or physically assaulted with a view to warn rather than kill, one senior member of the Pakistan Federal Union of Journalists says."These cases are mostly linked to the country's powerful intelligence establishment, or to armed militant groups that have a presence in the main urban centres with the blessings of that establishment," he said.After a relatively uneventful 2016, threats to journalists escalated in January when a number of social media activists were briefly "kidnapped" by unknown men. Fingers were pointed at the military, but the cases were never investigated by civilian authorities.Matters came to a head in October when armed separatists in south-western Balochistan province threatened reprisals against the media if journalists continued to report what they called a "one-sided state narrative".Since the threat, several press clubs across the province have ceased to operate. Some newspapers have stopped printing, while others face falling circulations.Balochistan has been under the virtual control of the military for almost 15 years. It is home to a low-intensity, armed separatist insurgency and houses an array of violent Islamist groups that regularly carry out attacks against religious minorities.Journalists in the province are reluctant to speak on the record. In private conversations they say they are caught in an impossible dilemma."If we report human rights violations by the military or the religious groups, we are harassed and our government-sponsored advertisements are blocked to choke us financially. If we don't, the separatists threaten us," one senior journalist in Quetta said.And it's not just Balochistan where this happens.One reporter told the BBC he was reprimanded by someone calling from a military telephone for reporting an unusual hike in tomato prices due to the Afghan border being closed.Another reporter, who is based in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (Fata) region, received a call from someone speaking on behalf of a militant group asking him not to back local demands for Fata's merger with neighbouring Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province.The police and the courts sometimes seem to see religious groups as outside the law.The attack on a television crew by religious vigilantes at a major mosque complex in Islamabad in June was a case in point. The Din News crew were planning to film alleged electricity theft by the management of the mosque. "I took my camera and did some filming while some bearded men who apparently camped at the mosque were watching," says Rashid Azeem, who edited the shoot. Then he went inside to pray as it was time for late afternoon prayers."While I was performing ablutions in the bathing area, they pounced on me," he says."I fell to the ground, and they started to drag me towards a half-open door, behind which I could see stairs descending into a basement."His colleagues outside only just managed to use their van to prevent the mosque's main gate from being shut, distracting the attackers for a second. In the scuffle Mr Azeem escaped through the gate."There were bruises on his head, face and other parts of the body, and his clothes were all torn," said the crew's reporter, Ali Usman, who had helped keep the gate open.A couple of days later, both victim and rescuer were advised by police that the mosque management had accused them of drinking water during Ramadan fasting hours - an offence under Pakistan's Islamic laws.As for the assailants, they were released on bail after a court dismissed the victims' pleas that the attack, part of which was filmed and shown to the police, amounted to spreading fear and fell under laws related to terrorism."The case is as good as dead, and we are not pursuing it," says Ali Usman.
942189517687218178	2017-12-17 00:27:40	https://t.co/cBB87au5FU	Telegrams to stop STOP https://t.co/cBB87au5FU	Belgium's telegram service is about to stop. Stop.One hundred and seventy-one years after the first electrical message was transmitted down a line running alongside the railway between Brussels and Antwerp the final dispatch will be sent and received on 29 December.The fact that this 19th-Century technology is still up and running in the age of Instagram and Snapchat may seem rather odd - especially when you consider that the UK, which invented the telegram in the 1830s, abandoned it as long ago as 1982.The United States followed suit in 2006 and even India, which had been by far the world's biggest market for the telegram, finally closed its system down in 2013.Just 10 businesses and a handful of individual customers have kept the Belgian system going until now. It has been chiefly used by bailiffs, who had need of a system which provided legal guarantees of dispatch and receipt.The buyer can call up a telephone operator to spell out their message, which is then sent by post.But with a "flash" telegram costing €23.75 (£21) for a basic 20 words, plus €0.90 for delivery in and around Brussels, it is not difficult to see why the system is struggling to survive in the age of unlimited texting on cheap mobile phone tariffs.You may also like:Steepest railway opens in SwitzerlandAncient skeleton fetches mammoth priceFrench sailor sets around the world recordBefore the invention of the telephone, the telegram was the first system that allowed the more-or-less instant transmission of electronic messages over long distances.The electronic impulses from the sender's machine - Morse code became the commonest system - were translated into text at the receiving end, first by human operator and then eventually by machine.The printed text was then delivered to the ultimate recipient - post offices all over the world employed armies of telegram boys on bicycles.The technology created a certain style of writing - just like text messaging.The use of the word "Stop" for example, often written out in full, originated from the need to tell the receiver when the end of a sentence had been reached. And because telegrams were expensive - you paid per word - there was always pressure to come up with phrases that literally displayed economy of language.The system was costly and labour-intensive for a start and began to feel outdated as more and more ordinary families acquired telephones.But even as the telegram died out, it remained a part of popular culture.No wedding scene in a Hollywood movie was complete for decades without a scene in which the best man read out the telegrams - humorous or cheeky or poignant - which guests who couldn't make the service had sent from afar.In the UK any loyal subject reaching the age of 100 traditionally received a telegram from the monarch - a huge honour for the recipient.And in the years when we are commemorating the 100th anniversary of the grim battles of the Great War it is only right to record that for decades the sight of a telegram boy coming up the path with a message was something to be dreaded in many countries.The telegram was the chosen method by which the authorities informed grieving mothers and widows that husbands, sons or brothers were killed, injured or missing in action. I've known widows who never forgot the agonising moments between the arrival of the delivery boy and the first reading of the words that began: "I regret to inform you".So the world won't really change when Belgium finally pulls the plug on its telegram system, but it is another milestone in the long, slow death of a method of communication that once changed the world and which, in its glory days 100 years ago, seemed as though it would never stop. Stop.
942187919732822016	2017-12-17 00:21:19	https://t.co/7P0xsUayIU	Medieval and proud https://t.co/7P0xsUayIU	Can an institution set up in the early Middle Ages have any relevance to the great employment questions of today?Ask anyone who works for France's Compagnons du Devoir (Companions of Duty), and you will get a resounding "Yes!"Their roots may be medieval, but today the Compagnons continue to offer apprenticeships in the trades to thousands of young French men and women.And in a direct link back to the early days of journeymen masons and carpenters - the cathedral-builders of the past - many of today's apprentices still go on a Tour de France. They travel the country over several years to pick up new techniques and perfect their skills. Scoffed at by some for their traditional image and at times secretive practices, the Compagnons are gaining in favour under President Emmanuel Macron, who has co-opted their help for a new government initiative on apprenticeships.They are also beginning to expand abroad, with more compagnons seeking placements overseas - and some foreign apprentices joining the Tour de France.Visiting a hostel of the Compagnons du Devoir, one understands quickly that this is not some classic publicly-funded employment scheme. There is a way of life here all of its own. The hostel in the Burgundy capital, Dijon, is typical. An ugly modern building just off the ring-road (thus convenient for out-of-town industrial zones), it houses 60 or so young apprentices in all the trades from carpentry to tiling, landscape gardening to pastry cookery.Aged between 16 and 25, mainly men but with a growing number of women, the apprentices live as a community. They share bedrooms, study together in the evenings and on Saturdays and sit together at long tables for meals.Some (but not all) are on a Tour de France, meaning they will stay in Dijon for just six months or a year, before moving on to another town, another apprenticeship in another firm, and another Compagnons hostel.You might also like:On the first Thursday of every month there are group meetings, where community tasks are allocated, upcoming events discussed and disciplinary issues raised.It is evident that the community places a strong emphasis on rules, values and tradition. Smart clothes are to be worn at mealtimes, and suits at the group assemblies. There is a special in-house vocabulary. The word "gâche" for example, here and only here, means job or chore. Apprentices are given personal designations that are incomprehensible to the outside world.A job rota might include the name: "Pays Lambou Compagnon Chaudronnier du Devoir Percheron La Gaieté du Tour de France".This would mean an apprentice whose family name is Lambou, who works in the field (Pays) as opposed to a workshop, who is a boilermaker (chaudronnier), who has completed his Tour de France, who comes from the Perche region, and whose most noted characteristic is gaiety!There are other quirks. In every hostel there is a woman designated as the maîtresse (mistress) or mère (mother), who looks after the wellbeing of the inmates (some of whom have just left home).And in every hostel, there are odd structures cluttering the halls and passageways: a scale model of a timbered roof; a motorcycle made of plumber's piping; a vast eccentrically-upholstered pram. These are chef-d'oeuvres (masterworks), which apprentices produce at the end of their Tour in order to earn their rank as compagnon. Idiosyncrasies like this have given the Compagnons a mixed reputation. On the one hand, no-one disputes the high quality of the training they give. In addition to finding placements for those on the Tour de France, they provide courses in the manual trades that lead to recognised qualifications. Employers regard compagnons as a sure bet.But outsiders are sometimes struck by the oddity of it all. Is there not, they ask, something boy-scoutish about all these clean-cut young men and women living in a community?Why are there pictures on the dining-room wall of King Solomon and the mythical founding father Père Soubise?Why do apprentices on the Tour wear a sash and carry a symbolic cane? And why are their initiations held behind closed doors?Inevitably a connection with freemasonry springs to mind. Both movements see their roots in the journeymen of the Middle Ages; both use the builder's compass as a symbol; both set great store by values such as self-knowledge, dedication and commitment to the community.But the Compagnons insist that any similarity with the freemasons is purely historical. They share certain origins, but that is all."We are often accused of being secretive, of conducting mysterious rituals, but it's silly," says Jacob Hunt, from Yorkshire, who is the Compagnons' first ever representative in the UK."Yes, there are certain moments which we prefer not to share with the media. But that is all about creating a bond between people. The apprentices love the notion that they are joining something special. It is a carrot."Jacob, 29, completed his Tour de France as a cabinet-maker. In becoming a full compagnon, he pledged to continue the task of "transmission" - in other words, handing on his own expertise to new generations. So now his job is finding French apprentices placements at UK firms, and vice versa."The Tour can be daunting. Every six months you pitch up at a place you have never been to before, and start all over again," he says."But you pick up new skills, new techniques, new materials. You have to adapt and be resourceful. And after five or six years of the life, you have become extremely resourceful indeed."In France the Compagnons are only a small part of the overall effort to provide apprenticeships. As in the UK, these are increasingly seen as part of the answer to problems of training, productivity and employment.But also as in the UK, apprenticeships in France suffer from a poor public image. The Compagnons are a recognised elite. More widely apprenticeships are not an option of choice."It needs to change," says Jacob Hunt. "The middle classes send their children to universities. But it must be obvious by now that that is a diminishing asset. Many teenagers are not academic. "With a Compagnons-style apprenticeship they can build a long-term investment in their own future." 
942186180573061120	2017-12-17 00:14:25	https://t.co/0DGtAnlAgj	Caravan of hope https://t.co/0DGtAnlAgj	Every year for the past 13 years, a group of women have travelled 4,000km (2,485 miles) across Mexico searching for their children who went missing while migrating through the country from Central America. Photojournalist Encarni Pindado has spoken to some of the women about their plight and what they aim to achieve with their Caravan of Mothers of Missing Migrants.The caravan brings together mothers from El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras and Nicaragua. They cross the border between Guatemala and Mexico on inflatable rafts to symbolise the risks the migrants face when crossing into Mexico. They then travel together across Mexico in search of their relatives who disappeared.In the 13 years since the caravan was first organised by the Mesoamerican Migrant Movement, 270 missing migrants have been located.Part of the idea behind the caravan is also to denounce and highlight the issue of disappearances of migrants in transit through Mexico.Of the 270 missing migrants who have been found, 90% are men. Women are much harder to find, especially when they have been forced into the sex trade. In order to boost their chances of finding those women, the movement has forged links with organisations run by sex workers.They place pictures of the missing migrants in brothels in the hope someone will recognise their loved ones. Clementina Murcia González has been part of the mothers' caravan for the last five years. Two of her sons went missing: Jorge in 1984 and Mauricio in 2001.With the help of a a local radio station, Radio Progresso, she recently managed to track down Mauricio and will be reunited with him in the Mexican city of Guadalajara as part of this year's caravan."Sixteen kisses and 16 hugs is all I want from my son," she says about the impending reunion. Her search for Jorge continues. Edit Gutierrez's son left Honduras twice.The first time he was kidnapped by Mexico's infamous drugs cartel, the Zetas, and witnessed how they killed and burned some of the other migrants he had travelled with.The army eventually rescued him and deported him back to Honduras. In August 2012, he left Honduras for the second time, paying a people smuggler $3,000 (£2,250) to reach Reynosa, in the north of Mexico. There he lost all communication with his family. Isidora de Jesus Zuniga Colindres from Honduras is searching for her son Josue Ildefonso Molinas Zuniga.Josue last called from the US-Mexican border town of Nuevo Laredo on 15 December, 2013. He was headed to New York to join his father, who had received temporary protected status in the US years earlier, while his mother stayed behind in Honduras. María Clementina Vásquez Hernández is from Honduras. She is looking for her daughter María Ines who emigrated in 2002, leaving behind her infant son.María Clementina has been raising her grandson in María Ines's absence. "I'm not even sure what her face looks like now," she says about her daughter.María Elena Larios has been looking for her son Heriberto, who disappeared on 6 March, 2010. He left La Libertad in El Salvador, to find work in the United States, but as far as María Elena knows, he never made it. In the southern Mexican town of Huixtla people tell her to look for her son at a Christian CD stand along the train tracks. But when she arrives, she finds a slender young man from Honduras who resembles the photograph she carries of her Heriberto but who is not her son.Pilar Escobar Medina from Honduras is searching for her daughter Olga, with whom she has had only very intermittent contact.One day in September 2009, Olga did not return to her home in Honduras.Fifteen days later she called her mother from the city of Tapachula on the Guatemala-Mexico border, saying she had "ended up there".Ms Escobar did not hear from her again until earlier this year, when they planned a reunion. But in the months before they were due to meet, Olga's phone line went dead. "Before migrants died of thirst, or were bitten by a snake while crossing the desert. Today they die at the hands of organised crime, and our girls, are raped by [people linked to] organised crime" says Rosa Nelly Santos, who heads a committee for disappeared migrants in Honduras.Mercedes Lemus (left) is searching for her daughter Ana Victoria, who went disappeared on 16 April, 2010. Last year, a woman in Huixtla told her that she had seen her daughter in a local bar.Neighbours confirmed that the picture of Ana Victoria resembled a woman they had seen around town with the bar's owner. But when Mercedes asked for permission to enter the bar, the bouncer warned her that if she went in, she would not come out alive. Along the way, the caravan meets local communities. In La Ceiba, a cultural and educational centre working with indigenous communities in Chiapas, the mothers are invited to a Mayan ceremony, a pre-hispanic ritual to connect with ancestors. All photographs by Encarni Pindado.
942171493705842689	2017-12-16 23:16:03	https://t.co/KLECyJpz2U	Anita Hill to chair Hollywood harassment commission https://t.co/KLECyJpz2U	A special commission to combat sexual harassment in the entertainment and media industries will be chaired by lawyer and academic Anita Hill.The first meeting of the Commission on Sexual Harassment and Advancing Equality in the Workplace was attended by a wide range of industry giants.Spearheaded by female executives, including Star Wars producer Kathleen Kennedy, it will reconvene in 2018.It comes after a string of allegations made against dozens in Hollywood.The group was announced on Friday following a meeting convened by Ms Kennedy, president of Lucasfilm, Nike co-chair Maria Eitel, lawyer Nina Show and venture capitalist Freada Kapor Klein.A wide range of industry leaders attended the first meeting, including the chairman of Disney, Warner Brothers, Sony and Universal. The commission said it will meet in the new year to define its scope and priorities in the wake of weeks of allegations against prominent industry figures, including Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein."The Commission will not seek just one solution, but a comprehensive strategy to address the complex and inter-related causes of the problems of parity and power," Ms Kennedy said.Anita Hill brought sexual harassment to national prominence in the US in 1991 when she publically testified that Supreme Court nominee Clarence Thomas had sexually harassed her when he was her boss at the Department for Education and at the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.After her private allegations were leaked to the press, she testified publicly at a televised investigative committee where her allegations came under attack. He was eventually confirmed in the position, despite her testimony.Now a professor at Brandeis University in Boston, she said it was "time to end the culture of silence"."I've been at this work for 26 years. This moment presents us with an unprecedented opportunity to make real change," Ms Hill said."I'm proud to be leading this newly-formed Commission on a long overdue journey to adopt best practices and to create institutional change that fosters a culture of respect and human dignity throughout the industry," she said."We will be focusing on issues ranging from power disparity, equity and fairness, safety, sexual harassment guidelines, education and training, reporting and enforcement, ongoing research, and data collection," she added. 
942155313867902976	2017-12-16 22:11:45	https://t.co/NaquS1Wy0k	Hunter Harrison: CSX railway boss dies https://t.co/NaquS1Wy0k	Hunter Harrison, the CEO of the US transportation company CSX, has died just days after going on medical leave.Mr Harrison, 73, died in Florida due to "unexpectedly severe complications from a recent illness", the company said.The company's shares fell sharply in trading on Friday after Mr Harrison's leave was announced.CSX is the third largest railway company in the US, and owns a network connecting every metropolitan area in the eastern US.CSX said that Jim Foote would continue as acting CEO.Mr Harrison, who joined CSX in March, had ambitious plans to change CSX.He had a long career transforming railway companies, with stints at the helm of Illinois Central, Canadian National and Canadian Pacific.
942149692477014017	2017-12-16 21:49:25	https://t.co/GYgFGRKqXJ	Pentagon ran secret multi-million dollar UFO programme https://t.co/GYgFGRKqXJ	The Pentagon has been running a secret multi-million dollar programme to investigate Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs), US media report.Only a small number of officials were aware of the programme, which began in 2007 and was reportedly closed in 2012.The New York Times says documents from the operation describe strange speeding aircraft and hovering objects.But scientists were doubtful, stressing that unexplained happenings were not necessarily proof of alien life.The Advanced Aerospace Threat Identification Programme was the brainchild of Harry Reid, a retired Democratic senator who was the Senate majority leader at the time.He told the New York Times: "I'm not embarrassed or ashamed or sorry I got this thing going. I've done something that no one has done before."Mr Reid - former senator for Nevada, home to the mythologised "Area 51" classified US Air Force base - later tweeted that the programme was a serious effort to get to truth amid "plenty of evidence to support asking the questions".The programme is reported to have cost the Department of Defense more than $20 million (£15m) before it was shut down in order to save costs.Although its funding ended in 2012, officials have reportedly continued to investigate sightings of unusual aerial phenomena and suspicious objects alongside their daily duties.One former congressional staffer told Politico the programme may have been set up to monitor the technological progress of rival foreign powers."Was this China or Russia trying to do something or has some propulsion system we are not familiar with?", they said.Earlier this year, the US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) released millions of pages of declassified documents online.The records included UFO sightings and a collection of reports on flying saucers.
942136376094543874	2017-12-16 20:56:30	https://t.co/0uTALtEIsh	Santa Barbara evacuated as Thomas flares up again https://t.co/0uTALtEIsh	Authorities in California have issued new evacuation orders as a huge wildfire flares up again in Santa Barbara County. Meteorologists said fresh northerly winds were likely to drive the flames from the fire - named Thomas - towards the Pacific coast. The blaze, the state's third largest on record, has now burnt almost 1,000 sq km (405 sq miles) since 4 December. Two people are reported to have died as a result of the fire.Fire apparatus engineer Cory Iverson was killed tackling the blaze last week, along with a woman, Virginia Rae Pesola, who was in a car crash as she evacuated.Governor brands fires 'new normal'Sentinel satellite tracks wildfire smoke plumeThe resurgence of strong "sundowner" winds combined with low humidity forecast for Sunday could fuel the flames and has prompted new mandatory evacuation orders for several Santa Barbara communities, including hillside homes in Montecito and Summerland. The fire has crossed the San Ysidro canyon, dashing firefighters' hope that it could be contained.More than 8,000 firefighters are now tackling the blaze, which has destroyed about 1,000 structures including some 750 homes. The cost of the operation is now $104m (£78m), said Reuters news agency.Using helicopters and planes to drop fire retardant on the flames, firefighters have managed to contain 40% of the blaze.
942111116653748224	2017-12-16 19:16:08	https://t.co/0RuRmiOYQQ	Real Madrid win Club World Cup https://t.co/0RuRmiOYQQ	It takes their overall total under Zinedine Zidane to eight since the former France international's appointment as manager in January 2016.For long periods of this game in Abu Dhabi, it looked like Brazilian side Gremio would frustrate Real Madrid and perhaps even pinch a victory as the Spanish giants became increasingly frustrated in their attempts to break down a disciplined defence. Real dominated possession in the first half but only one of their 10 chances before the break was on target.They switched to attempting to find joy from long distance but efforts by Luka Modric, Ronaldo and Karim Benzema were all wayward.However, eight minutes into the second half Real were awarded a free-kick 25 yards from goal when Ronaldo was tripped and the Portugal international picked himself up to curl the ball through a gap in the wall and into the net.It was Ronaldo's fourth goal in three Club World Cup finals and extended his record of scoring in significant finals for Real Madrid, having also hit three goals in three Champions League finals and two goals in two Copa del Rey finals.Match ends, Real Madrid 1, Grêmio 0.Second Half ends, Real Madrid 1, Grêmio 0.Attempt missed. Luka Modric (Real Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box is too high. Assisted by Gareth Bale.Foul by Toni Kroos (Real Madrid).Luan (Grêmio) wins a free kick in the defensive half.Sergio Ramos (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.Foul by Jael (Grêmio).Gareth Bale (Real Madrid) wins a free kick on the left wing.Foul by Edilson (Grêmio).Substitution, Grêmio. Maicon replaces Michel.Attempt missed. Toni Kroos (Real Madrid) left footed shot from the right side of the box is high and wide to the left following a corner.Corner, Real Madrid. Conceded by Marcelo Grohe.Attempt saved. Gareth Bale (Real Madrid) left footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assisted by Marcelo.Attempt saved. Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Sergio Ramos.Foul by Lucas Vázquez (Real Madrid).Jailson (Grêmio) wins a free kick on the left wing.Attempt missed. Toni Kroos (Real Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box is too high. Assisted by Daniel Carvajal.Substitution, Real Madrid. Gareth Bale replaces Karim Benzema.Foul by Marcelo (Real Madrid).Edilson (Grêmio) wins a free kick in the defensive half.Attempt saved. Karim Benzema (Real Madrid) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assisted by Toni Kroos.Substitution, Real Madrid. Lucas Vázquez replaces Isco.Substitution, Grêmio. Everton replaces Ramiro.Isco (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the attacking half.Foul by Jael (Grêmio).Foul by Sergio Ramos (Real Madrid).Jael (Grêmio) wins a free kick in the defensive half.Attempt saved. Luka Modric (Real Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Toni Kroos.Substitution, Grêmio. Jael replaces Lucas Barrios.Foul by Luka Modric (Real Madrid).Jailson (Grêmio) wins a free kick in the defensive half.Attempt saved. Casemiro (Real Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Luka Modric.Corner, Real Madrid. Conceded by Jailson.Attempt blocked. Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Luka Modric.Casemiro (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.Foul by Ramiro (Grêmio).Offside, Real Madrid. Marcelo tries a through ball, but Karim Benzema is caught offside.Foul by Toni Kroos (Real Madrid).Ramiro (Grêmio) wins a free kick in the defensive half.Foul by Daniel Carvajal (Real Madrid).Share this with Part of a new collaboration with UK Sport After you. No, after you... Why do Australia have faster bowlers than England? Is pace born or made? And does it even matter? Get latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online.The latest rumours and stories from around the world of football.Enjoy the best debate, analysis and interviews with 5 live and World Service football plus our commentary listings.How to get into football - the most popular sport in the world, with clubs and facilities throughout the UK.Run by the BBC and partnersRugbytots Thame and BicesterTumble Tots Sutton ColdfieldFor more ideas, information and inspiration, visit bbc.co.uk/getinspired
942106014354231301	2017-12-16 18:55:51	https://t.co/miqNaynRAg	Hua Yong: Detained Chinese artist's emotional last video https://t.co/miqNaynRAg	Concerns are mounting for a Chinese artist who has been taken into police custody after posting videos and messages critical of the Communist Party. Hua Yong's last act was to record a video for his two-year-old daughter because he would not be with her on her next birthday. The video has now been widely shared on the internet. It was a desperate final message from the painter, well-known in Beijing.As he speaks, Chinese police attempt to break down his door to take him away. His alleged crime: filming protests against forced evictions from some of Beijing's poorest neighbours, part of an unpopular city remodelling plan.Beijing's unique street life under constant siegeMass evictions as Beijing is spruced upThe artist protesters in a polluted city on edge"Everything I did was for you," he tells his daughter in the video, "so you wouldn't have to suffer like your father and grandfather's generations. I am willing to use my life to defend the rights of citizens to speak freely, for the rights of citizens to be people."Hua Yong's videos documenting the evictions, and online messages calling for individual rights, led to police threats. Fearing arrest, he fled the capital but was tracked down by the authorities, who have little tolerance for political activism. As officers raided the building in which he was hiding, Hua Yong made and posted his last emotional video - urging his child to learn English with her Mum. One day, he said, he would take her around the world. So far, the video has been viewed by tens of thousands of people.
942086246695923712	2017-12-16 17:37:18	https://t.co/wcqtkYxwkb	Woolly mammoth skeleton sold for 548,000 euros in France https://t.co/wcqtkYxwkb	An ancient skeleton of a woolly mammoth has sold for €548,000 (£483,000; $640,000) at auction in the French city of Lyon.The skeleton, which exceeded its estimated value, is thought to be the largest of its kind in private hands.It is a rare example because 80% of the skeleton is original bone. The rest is resin used to complete the assembly.The skeleton belonged to a male mammoth and was discovered around 10 years ago in the Siberian permafrost.Scientists say its teeth show signs of decay, which may have been a factor in its death if it was unable to graze.Melting permafrost has led to an increasing number of mammoths being discovered, David Gelsthorpe, curator of Earth Science collections at Manchester Museum, told the BBC."The permafrost in Siberia particularly is melting at a very rapid rate because of climate change," he said."So not only are we getting these incredible skeletons coming out, but also pretty much as they died as well. We're getting things like fur, the skin, the muscles, the organs - and even the last meal."Woolly mammoths lived alongside early man, who hunted them and portrayed them in cave drawings. Most of the animals died out more than 10,000 years ago, but the last surviving group lived on an island in the Arctic Ocean and survived until 4,000 years ago.Scientists believe that human hunting and environmental changes played a role in their extinction.
942075270231715843	2017-12-16 16:53:41	https://t.co/XqLOFhExma	ARA San Juan: Argentina navy chief sacked after loss of submarine https://t.co/XqLOFhExma	The head of the Argentine navy has been sacked following the loss of a submarine and its crew in the South Atlantic last month. The defence minister placed Adm Marcelo Srur in retirement on Friday night, it has emerged. The ARA San Juan disappeared with 44 crew on board after reporting an electrical problem off the coast of Patagonia. An international search operation has failed to locate the vessel. The families of the missing have urged the government to keep looking for the submarine, describing the anguish of living with uncertainty since the rescue operation was wound up just over two weeks ago.Some ships are still searching in an area where a loud noise was recorded in the hours following the disappearance - possible evidence that the submarine imploded. President Mauricio Macri has created a special independent commission to investigate the disappearance of the submarine, following criticism about the handling of the operation.The commission will comprise three submariners - one the father of one of the disappeared crew.Defence Minister Oscar Aguad has promised the investigation will be "transparent" and will have an unlimited budget."We ask that they always tell us the truth, that they keep us informed about what's happening," said Jorge Villareal, father of missing crew member Fernando, according to Efe news agency."We just find things out through the media."Adm Srur, 60, was appointed by President Macri in January 2016. 
942075270026203136	2017-12-16 16:53:41	https://t.co/pqmXdWfSlE	Ashes: Steve Smith double century puts Australia in control https://t.co/pqmXdWfSlE	With the chance of victory now looking slim, it is likely they will have to bat for much of the fourth and fifth days in order to save the game.The pitch is only showing occasional signs of wear and there is rain forecast for Sunday and Monday - but they are only small crumbs of comfort for an England side who will have to face the fierce Australia attack after the best part of two days in the field.Such was Smith's comfort, calmness and composure, a massive score seemed inevitable both when he arrived at the crease on Friday and again when he resumed on Saturday.It was chanceless and ruthless from the skipper, who moved his batting average to 62.89, second to only the great Donald Bradman on the all-time list.He reached his 22nd Test century in the fifth over of the day by clipping James Anderson through mid-wicket and, even then, there was the sense he was just getting started.Twice Anderson asked for a review, once when the ball was missing leg stump and again after what was revealed to be a no-ball - and it would not have been given out in any case.As on the second day, the off-side scoring was a feature of Smith's play as he became the first captain for 24 years to score a double hundred in an Ashes Test.His celebrations on reaching 200 were animated and, by the close, he had 416 runs in the series at an average of 208.Marsh had played 21 previous Tests and averaged only 21 with the bat before being recalled to replace the out-of-form Peter Handscomb and give Australia an all-round option.He entered after brother Shaun edged the off-spin of Moeen Ali to slip with the hosts still 155 behind and the second new ball looming.The closest he came to offering an opportunity was an uppish drive towards mid-on off Craig Overton when he was on only one.Patient and powerful, Marsh played drives down the ground and on both sides, as well some scything cut shots.His century was reached with a square drive off Stuart Broad, his celebration an emotional run towards the dressing room.As Smith was becalmed in the evening, Marsh accelerated and will be eyeing a double century when play gets back under way at 02:30 GMT on Sunday.England did not bowl badly. At times they looked short of inspiration and their ground fielding was sometimes ragged - but that can be expected in such circumstances.It was a day that further highlighted the limitations of their attack. Though Anderson and Broad have more than 900 Test wickets between them, England do not have the pace or quality spin to make openings when the conditions are hot and flat.In eight consecutive away Tests - here and in India - the lowest first-innings total England have conceded is 328. On every other occasion the opposition have gone past 400.The tourists went through numerous plans. Over and round the wicket, sometimes with as many as six men on the leg side. If anything, they did not spend enough time settled on a traditional line and length.There was no lack of effort, though. Overton even bowled with a hairline crack of the rib, suffered when he was hit while batting in the second Test and aggravated when diving on Friday.Smith and Marsh were simply immovable - and England had no answers.England assistant coach Paul Farbrace on BT Sport: "Everybody has got to get stuck in, stand up and fight and scrap in the second innings."Until the Test match finishes, we have to believe you can get something out of it."It's going to be hard, but it is Test cricket. The best teams find a way to compete when their backs are against the wall. Now we need to show we have got character, we have got guts."Mitchell Marsh, speaking to ABC about his maiden century: "It's taken me 22 Tests. I wasn't really nervous. I felt calm and that kept me going. I wasn't thinking about too much. Anything wide, I was just going to slash at."You aspire to do that every game you play for Australia. To have to wait this long, it's very sweet. It's why we play - we play to win and play to make big runs. It means a lot for me to make a 100 in front of my grandparents. They've watched every game in the past eight years."It's reward for all the hard work. I'm ecstatic. I'm a bit lost at the moment. I'll be having a cold beer tonight."Former England captain Michael Vaughan: "Australia were ruthless today. You can achieve ruthlessness when you face an attack you're not fearful of and can't take you out of your bubble."It's nothing we should be surprised by. This has happened too consistently in Australia in the 21st century."Share this with Part of a new collaboration with UK Sport After you. No, after you... Why do Australia have faster bowlers than England? Is pace born or made? And does it even matter? Third Test, 14-18 Dec, 12:00, BBC Radio 5 live sports extraMon 18 Dec, 21:00 GMT, BBC Radio 5 liveAnalysis and opinion from the BBC's cricket correspondent.BBC Sport brings you live radio commentary from England's Ashes series in Australia.Get latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online.How to get into cricket - physical exertion with a chess-like element in matches which range from half an hour to five days.How can six common gig gripes be solved?Run by the BBC and partnersRugbytots Thame and BicesterTumble Tots Sutton ColdfieldFor more ideas, information and inspiration, visit bbc.co.uk/getinspired
942055912805687296	2017-12-16 15:36:46	https://t.co/x7HBHkxKI4	Austria far right: 'Nobody has anything to fear' says new minister https://t.co/x7HBHkxKI4	The far-right Freedom Party has secured the key posts of foreign, interior and defence in Austria's new coalition government for its nominees.Governing with the conservative People's Party, the move makes Austria the only country in Western Europe to have a far-right party in power. Austria's president approved the new coalition on Saturday, two months after inconclusive elections.People's Party leader Sebastian Kurz, 31, will be Austria's new chancellor.He will become the world's youngest head of government.Introducing the new government, and the 180-page document setting out its agenda, Mr Kurz said the two parties had agreed "on a clear pro-European outlook".Although it is the junior coalition partner, the anti-immigration Freedom Party has secured several key posts in the new cabinet. Party leader Heinz-Christian Strache will be vice-chancellor. His party colleagues will run the interior, defence and health and social security ministries.The new foreign minister will be Middle East expert and writer Karin Kneissl, who is not a Freedom Party member but was nominated by the party.Mr Kurz's People Party won 32% of the vote in October's elections, securing the largest number of seats (62) in the 183-seat national council.The Freedom Party came third, securing 26% of the vote and 51 seats.At the request of Austria's president, the posts of justice minister and interior minister would not be held by the same party, Mr Kurz said.The chancellor-designate was quick to retweet congratulations from his fellow youthful conservative prime minister, Ireland's Leo Varadkar.Analysis by Bethany Bell, BBC News, ViennaUnlike most of Europe's populist parties, the Freedom Party, a major player in Austria for years, has managed to translate its success at the ballot box into real political power. That's reflected in the key posts that it has secured in this government: the interior, defence and foreign ministries. The opposition has expressed concern that the police and the security apparatus are now all firmly in the hands of the Freedom Party.In recent years, the party has toned down some of its more extreme rhetoric. But many analysts believe that, in or out of government, it has helped set a right-wing agenda, not just in Austria - but in other countries across Europe as well.When the far-right Freedom Party last entered a coalition in Austria in 2000, its fellow EU member states froze bilateral diplomatic relations in response.They were lifted months later, and such measures are unlikely to happen again, as resurgent right-wing populist groups have been promoting anti-immigration and Eurosceptic agendas across much of the EU. But unlike the Freedom Party, those other parties have struggled to convert electoral success into real power:Chancellor: Sebastian Kurz, People's Party. The 31-year-old was foreign minister in the outgoing Austrian government.Interior minister: Herbert Kickl, Freedom Party. The party's general secretary and campaign director, 49, was a speechwriter for the late party leader Jörg Haider and is a close confidant of the current leader, Heinz-Christian Strache.Foreign minister: Karin Kneissl, nominated by the Freedom Party but not a member. The former foreign ministry employee and Middle East expert, 52, speaks eight languages and is not afraid of controversy, according to Austrian media.
942048250164596737	2017-12-16 15:06:19	https://t.co/FP72xta6nt	Swati Maliwal: Call to speed up child rape executions in India https://t.co/FP72xta6nt	Rapists of children should be executed within six months of their crime, a leading advocate for women's rights in India has demanded. Swati Maliwal made the appeal in a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi. It was timed to coincide with the fifth anniversary of the brutal gang rape and murder of student Jyoti Singh, 23, whose death sparked national protests. "Nothing has changed in the past five years," Ms Maliwal, chief of the Delhi Commission for Women, told the BBC. "Delhi is still the rape capital. Last month, there was a brutal gang-rape of a one-and-a-half-year-old girl, and the gang-rape of a seven-year-old, and another one-and-a-half-year-old girl was raped." On average, she said, three girls and six women were raped in the capital every day.India did reform its rape laws as a result of the outcry five years ago, taking steps to speed up trials and press police officers to take allegations of rape and sexual assault more seriously, reports the BBC's South Asia regional editor. Jill McGivering. There is more awareness and increased reporting of cases, Ms Maliwal told our correspondent - "but that hasn't solved the problem".In her letter, Ms Maliwal urges the prime minister to go further and have child rapists executed within months of their crime. Jyoti Singh's mother still hadn't had justice, she said, because although the perpetrators had been convicted and sentenced to death, no-one responsible had yet been hanged.The BBC is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites
942042627058356226	2017-12-16 14:43:59	https://t.co/AE8mTrTn0L	"I recall Miramax telling us they were a nightmare to work with and we should avoid them at all costs" - Peter Jack… https://t.co/AE8mTrTn0L	 Il modo più veloce per condividere un Tweet di qualcun altro con chi ti segue è con un Retweet. Toccare l'icona per inviarlo istantaneamente. Aggiungi le tue osservazioni su qualsiasi Tweet con una risposta. Trova un argomento che ti appassiona, e seguilo. Ottenere una visione istantanea di quello che la gente sta parlando ora. Seguire più account per ottenere aggiornamenti in tempo reale su argomenti che ti interessano. Vedere le ultime conversazioni su qualsiasi argomento all'istante. Aggiornati immediatamente sulle migliori storie man mano che si svolgono. "I recall Miramax telling us they were a nightmare to work with and we should avoid them at all costs" - Peter Jackson, Lord of the Rings directorhttp://bbc.in/2yIpbwB We need women in the film business so we can stop this atrocity. #mirasorvinopic.twitter.com/8yR3KqL7WzWhich Peter Jackson do you like better?There is no need for this. Inappropriate and disrespectful.How many talented women are out there we never heard of because of Harvey Weinstein and men like him?I'm thinking you should be looking for new projects to star @MiraSorvino and @AshleyJudd.What a POS that HW is My godThose are provable damages. Perhaps into the billions.so this makes him mr. nice guy?And people still wonder why women don't come forward to report sexual misconduct?Power really does corruptWow! Harvey is just scum.https://goo.gl/QVfnuG Do you not have a brain to think for yourself?It was Jackson himself who "blacklisted" them, wasn't it? He chose to let HW do the thinking for him. That's a bully's mentality. But at least he had the courage to admit he did wrong, most bullies don't.If I'm making 3 multi million dollar movies that took 5 years to prep I wouldn't want to take risks on rumoured stars either tbhYou are entitled to your opinion, but I don't agree.Blacklist coward #PerterJacksonif they want to call out molesters, let every1 be called then, not just the rich and famous. Torna su ↑ Twitter potrebbe essere sovraccarico o avere un problema temporaneo. Riprova o visita Twitter Status per ulteriori informazioni. 
942010109529600000	2017-12-16 12:34:46	https://t.co/pK7Tdn2jrZ	North Korea 'hacked crypto-currency exchange in South' https://t.co/pK7Tdn2jrZ	South Korea's spy agency believes that North Korea is behind hacking attacks on a crypto-currency exchange in the South, sources say. At least $7m (£5.25m) in digital money was stolen in the hacks - although the money is now said to have ballooned in value to $82.7m.The thieves also stole the personal information of some 30,000 people.They were trading the virtual currencies Bitcoin and Ethereum on the Bithumb crypto-currency exchange. Based on recent trading volumes, Bithumb is South Korea's biggest and one of the five largest in the world.Analysts say North Korean hackers may have targeted crypto-currencies in order to evade the financial sanctions imposed as punishment for the North's development of nuclear weapons.This attack is said to date back to February, when a Bithumb employee's home PC was targeted - though it was only discovered in June.The hackers also demanded a further $5.5m from Bithumb in exchange for deleting traders' personal information, said reports. The sources in the spy agency, the National Intelligence Service, similarly suspect the North of being behind the hacking of another exchange, Coinis, in September, South Korean news agency Yonhap says.But a further attempt in October was thwarted, reports said.Evidence has now been passed to prosecutors.At present, virtual currencies are not regulated by South Korea's financial authorities but they are now vowing to toughen up regulation.Three days ago the government imposed fines totalling $55,000 on Bithumb over its failure to protect users' information.The BBC is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites
941989767511728129	2017-12-16 11:13:56	https://t.co/Og6I2Lrgtc	San Francisco Aquatic Park shut over 'aggressive' sea lions https://t.co/Og6I2Lrgtc	Part of San Francisco bay has been shut to swimmers following two rare attacks by sea lions.A man was bitten in the groin area on Friday, a day after another man suffered a serious arm injury.San Francisco's Aquatic Park will be closed until Monday, the authorities said, suggesting that just one animal was responsible for the attacks.Although unusual, the local Marine Mammal Center says there have been 10 such attacks over a three-year period.San Francisco Maritime National Historical Park tweeted that the Aquatic Park would be shut following reports of an "aggressive marine mammal".The latest victim was taking an early morning dip when he was bitten on the upper thigh. It bit him "close to the family jewels" said Bob Roper, 79, who is a member of the same swimming club as the injured man, the San Francisco Chronicle reported. Another man, 56-year-old Christian Einfeldt, was bitten on the arm on Thursday while swimming in the afternoon.He told Fox affiliate KTVU he yelled "No" at the animal as it approached but it did not work. "His head slid down my arm. Fortunately he only got one tooth into my arm," said Mr Einfeldt.It is not clear why the swimmers were attacked. Experts warn that sea lions can be erratic."It could just be a sea lion being territorial, or it could be an injured or sick mammal," park spokesman Lynn Cullivan told CBS News. In May, a sea lion pulled a young girl into the water at Steveston Fisherman's Wharf in Richmond, western Canada. She was unhurt.
941984655926013952	2017-12-16 10:53:37	https://t.co/f1kjx03p0R	This woman is wonderful ❤️ https://t.co/f1kjx03p0R	 Il modo più veloce per condividere un Tweet di qualcun altro con chi ti segue è con un Retweet. Toccare l'icona per inviarlo istantaneamente. Aggiungi le tue osservazioni su qualsiasi Tweet con una risposta. Trova un argomento che ti appassiona, e seguilo. Ottenere una visione istantanea di quello che la gente sta parlando ora. Seguire più account per ottenere aggiornamenti in tempo reale su argomenti che ti interessano. Vedere le ultime conversazioni su qualsiasi argomento all'istante. Aggiornati immediatamente sulle migliori storie man mano che si svolgono. The 96-year-old who organises parties to combat loneliness.pic.twitter.com/Ym3vW0r4m5Where there is a will there is a wayMAGNIFICENT !!!! BLESSINGS EVERYONE !!Lovely. Loneliness is very hard.You can make people happy at any age @CLITTERBOMB I’m 26, can I go? Lol. I’d love this! HahaВитакер нет не слышалиpic.twitter.com/11QWCNFYTlThis is so beautifulLove Georgina, she looks amazing and her positivity is brilliant.pic.twitter.com/8dsHnp2Z6RHow do we get involved in this kind of project?Ah cool just seen the tweet from @pollysparky So beautiful!This is so pureWell done! God bless you, you have a fan in Montana!My kind of Lady #SuperHeroineExcellent good woman!HjtqatBRILLIANT Idea!!!! Torna su ↑ Twitter potrebbe essere sovraccarico o avere un problema temporaneo. Riprova o visita Twitter Status per ulteriori informazioni. 
941984218246197248	2017-12-16 10:51:53	https://t.co/nJlXksjcw5	King Michael: Romania bids farewell to former monarch https://t.co/nJlXksjcw5	A state funeral is under way in Romania for its former monarch, King Michael, who died aged 96 on 5 December.More than 20,000 Romanians queued in the capital Bucharest to pay their respects to his body, lying in state.Royalty from across Europe are attending, including Spain's former King, Juan Carlos, and Prince Charles.King Michael is best remembered for the coup he joined in August 1944 to switch Romania from the Nazi to the Allied side in World War II.Forced to abdicate by Romania's communist leaders a few years later he lived most of his life in exile in Switzerland.After the Romanian revolution in 1989, he had a difficult relationship with the country's new rulers, who were afraid he would reclaim his throne.Instead, he helped negotiate Romania's membership of the EU and Nato.King Michael: Romania's democratic monarchRomania country profile As soldiers carried his coffin on Saturday, a clutch of foreign royals looked on, also including Spain's former Queen Sofia, King Carl Gustaf of Sweden and his wife Queen Silvia, Greece's former Queen Anne-Marie, Henri, Duke of Luxembourg, and Belgium's Princess Astrid and her husband Prince Lorenz.His coffin is to be carried on the railway line his grandfather, Carol I, built from Bucharest to the royal necropolis at Curtea de Arges, north of the capital.For most of the war, King Michael was largely a figurehead, scorned by Romania's fascist dictator, Ion Antonescu, during the four-year alliance with Hitler.However, at the age of 22, he took part in the coup, ordering Antonescu's arrest on 23 August 1944.After the Nazis' defeat by the Soviet army, communists took power in Romania and at the end of 1947, he was forced to abdicate.He did not go back until 1990, after the fall of communist dictator Nicolae Ceausescu. For Romanians, he was an important player throughout some of the most difficult times in their history: at heart a decent man and a democrat in an age dominated by totalitarian regimes, Romanian journalist Petru Clej writes.
941981658617729024	2017-12-16 10:41:43	https://t.co/pfYf0ceANq	South Africa: President Zuma's office announces free university education pledge https://t.co/pfYf0ceANq	South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has called on the African National Congress (ANC) to stop infighting as it decides who will next lead the party.Mr Zuma warned the future of the ANC was under threat, with South Africans "not happy" with it.The main contenders to succeed him are the deputy president, Cyril Ramaphosa, and former cabinet minister Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, President Zuma's ex-wife.Whoever wins is likely to succeed Mr Zuma as South African president.But their bitter leadership battle has raised fears that the ANC could split before national elections in 2019.President Zuma can remain head of state until those elections. He has been in office since 2009 and South Africa limits the presidency to two five-year terms.The leadership contest is expected to be a close one, with legal challenges a possibility.Addressing delegates at the beginning of a gathering to decide the next ANC leader, Mr Zuma said their movement was at a "crossroads"."Petty squabbling that takes us nowhere needs to take back seat, our people are frustrated when we spend more time fighting among ourselves instead of solving the daily challenges they experience," he said.Last year's disappointing results for the ANC in local elections, Mr Zuma said, "were a stark reminder that our people are not happy with the state of the ANC".President Zuma, 75, has been the focus of much controversy and has survived several votes of no confidence in parliament.He faces numerous corruption allegations but denies any wrongdoing.In his final speech as ANC president, he asserted that "theft and corruption" were as prominent in the private sector as they are in government. He added that "being black and successful is being made synonymous to being corrupt".He lashed out at the media, which he said was not "impartial and fair". He also targeted the judiciary, arguing that the courts should have no role in deciding internal party matters.For the leadership, President Zuma is backing his 68-year-old former wife, Ms Dlamini-Zuma, a veteran politician in her own right who has been critical of the enduring power of white-owned businesses.Mr Ramaphosa, 65, has spoken out strongly against state corruption and has the backing of the business community.Recent news that he had a modest lead in the polls was quickly reflected by a rise in the financial markets.Lebo Diseko, Johannesburg, BBC NewsJacob Zuma came out fighting in his speech, hitting out at his critics both inside and outside the party.It seemed like no one was spared - from ANC members who voted with the opposition to try and remove him, alliance partners who have booed him and called on him to stand down, to "counter-revolutionary forces" he said were intent on reversing the progress made since 1994, when apartheid was brought to an end.Indeed, that idea of malevolent forces working to bring down both him and the ANC was a thread that ran right through his speech. Mr Zuma placed his fight against his opponents within the wider framework of the fight against apartheid.He ended his speech by saying "I tried my best", and of those who tried to bring him down "I bear no grudges". He then led the room in song.This was Jacob Zuma in his element: a rousing speaker, a fierce opponent, delivering cutting rebukes with charm and charisma.More than 5,000 delegates are taking part in the four-day ANC elective conference at the Expo Centre in Johannesburg.A vote on the new leader is expected on Sunday.The first major engagement for the new leader will be the party's anniversary celebrations on 8 January.The ANC has governed South Africa since the first democratic election more than 20 years ago.The BBC's Andrew Harding says a question remains whether the ANC is in terminal decline, and what that might mean for South Africa's stability and its future. 
941978397000990720	2017-12-16 10:28:45	https://t.co/fOVZYrtfTb	Weinstein 'derailed my career' Sorvino says after Peter Jackson claim https://t.co/fOVZYrtfTb	Actress Mira Sorvino said she is "heartsick" after learning she may have lost out on major roles because of Harvey Weinstein.Lord of the Rings director Peter Jackson said both Sorvino and Ashley Judd were "blacklisted" following conversations with Weinstein's company.Both actresses have claimed the media mogul sexually harassed them.Weinstein has denied allegations of misconduct, and of blacklisting the actresses.The Lord of the Rings trilogy was initially in development with Weinstein's Miramax company, before being passed to New Line Cinema.In an interview with Stuff.co.nz this week, Jackson said he was interested in casting both women in the blockbuster franchise."I recall Miramax telling us they were a nightmare to work with and we should avoid them at all costs. This was probably in 1998," he told the site."At the time, we had no reason to question what these guys were telling us.""I now suspect we were fed false information about both of these talented women - and as a direct result their names were removed from our casting list.""In hindsight, I realise that this was very likely the Miramax smear campaign in full swing," Jackson said.Sorvino said in a tweet: "Just seeing this after I awoke, I burst out crying." "There it is, confirmation that Harvey Weinstein derailed my career, something I suspected but was unsure. Thank you Peter Jackson for being honest. I'm just heartsick."Judd, meanwhile, recalled how her involvement progressed far enough to be invited by Jackson to see preparation work for the blockbuster trilogy."I remember this well," she tweeted."They asked which if the two roles I preferred, and then I abruptly never heard from them again. I appreciate the truth coming out," she said.In a statement through a publicist, Weinstein denied the allegations that he was involved in blacklisting Sorvino and Judd, saying that the casting for Lord of the Rings was carried out by New Line Cinema - not Miramax.The statement said that Judd was cast in two other films by Mr Weinstein, and that "Sorvino was always considered for other films as well."Weinstein's denial prompted Jackson to write a further response, carried by Entertainment Weekly, calling it a "deflection from the truth". "In the 18 months we developed the Lord of the Rings at Miramax, we had many casting conversations with Harvey Weinstein, Bob Weinstein and their executives," Jackson wrote."The movies changed hands from Miramax to New Line before casting actually got underway - but because we had been warned off Ashley and Mira by Miramax, and we were naive enough to assume we'd been told the truth, [we] did not raise their names in New Line casting conversations."Weinstein is the central figure of the Hollywood sexual harassment scandal, in which dozens of actresses have accused him of misconduct. Sorvino and Judd were among the first women to publicly share her experiences of sexual harassment from Weinstein back in October.The Hollywood film producer has "unequivocally denied" any allegations of non-consensual sex.
941970325729894400	2017-12-16 09:56:41	https://t.co/nlIycoCcYc	It's time to tell you about the family business... espionage https://t.co/nlIycoCcYc	Peter Lang-Stanton set out to make a radio documentary about the truth of his father's role in one of the largest clandestine missions in US history, but he didn't realise the emotional minefield of investigating a loved one's past, still shrouded in secrecy.The summer before university, my dad and I went for a drive in the old Volvo - just the two of us, something we never did. We buckled our seatbelts, and kicked up dust on the gravel lane."Peter, it's time to tell you about the family business," my dad said as he tapped his fingers on the wheel waiting for a red light. The light turned green and we pulled out onto the main road. "Espionage."My father had a deadpan sense of humour, but if this was another dad joke, I thought, it seemed very elaborate and not very funny. As we drove through our town, a suburban huddle of strip malls and telephone poles, he told me he had worked undercover for the CIA for almost 40 years. When he didn't smirk and the silence became dense, it occurred to me that he was serious. "Does mom know?" I asked. "Oh," my father said. "Mom works there, too." People often ask: "Did you suspect anything?" No, my brothers and I never suspected anything. I thought my parents were paper-pushing bureaucrats in the State Department but truthfully, I didn't really know what they did. When you're growing up, everything your parents do is unbearably normal, until you're old enough to realise it's not. In the 1960s, while US Army troops spilled out of C-130s into Vietnam, the CIA fought a secret war in Laos. It was the height of the Cold War, and the CIA sent my father and a group of officers to arm and train the Hmong, a Laotian highland tribe, to fight the Communist Pathet Lao and North Vietnamese. It's hard to determine whether the CIA were empowering the Hmong, or hiring them. Retrospectively, both sides seem to think they were working for the benefit of the other. But many in the CIA knew the resistance was destined to fail; the Hmong were horse flies trying to take down a water buffalo. After the Vietnam War ended, the CIA abruptly pulled out of Laos, leaving thousands, possibly tens of thousands, of Hmong to flee. This was my father's first mission in the Central Intelligence Agency. My father died a few years after our talk in the station wagon. Before he died, he turned to me sitting beside his hospital bed and said: "I'm prouder of what we did in Laos than just about anything, other than you boys." After he passed, I read every book I could find on the CIA's secret war in Laos. I did what we often do when we lose someone. I searched for fragments of him in the world to appease the grief. But many of the books disparaged the CIA's actions in Laos, even calibrating for the perceived existential threat of Communism at the time. They admonished the way the CIA disappeared, resulting in a Hmong exodus to Thailand. And then there were all types of other allegations - drug-trafficking, carpet-bombing and even the use of Hmong children as soldiers in the secret army. Some historians described it as a scar on the agency and on the US.The more I read, the less I understood why this was my father's proudest achievement. As I set out to work on a radio documentary about the CIA's involvement in Laos, I emailed a few of my dad's agency buddies. I remember these men from childhood. They used to come over to the house on Sunday mornings and drink scotch. But now this generation was in their 80s and some were already gone. If I wanted to get first-hand accounts of what happened in Laos, it needed to be now. My call to speak to officers who were in Laos with my father was posted to "the SKYNET", an email forum for ex-CIA in Laos. Men with codenames like Mule and Igor emailed me. One said my father had a great laugh and owed him $18. He also said he would take a cheque. Watts (aka Tom Norton) was one of my father's best friends in the CIA. Tom wrote back and invited me down to South Carolina for a visit. We spent the better part of a week talking, drinking scotch, digging through mountains of old papers, tapes, slides, and video footage."I do wonder what will happen to all of this when I'm gone," Tom said. "But that's not my concern." We looked through hundreds of pictures, many of my father in Long Tieng, the CIA's secret base for the shadow war in Laos. Then one day, we came to the photo of a Hmong boy in a military uniform. "I think we had sort of an informal rule, " Tom said. "That the boy had to be as tall as an M-1 rifle to become a soldier. Maybe about 10 years old."From my research, I thought allegations of child soldiers in the CIA's secret war were unverified. Or perhaps I simply wanted them to be. Or maybe I assumed it was an isolated incident, occurring elsewhere - wherever my father was not. But this single photo shattered all of that.There is a danger in digging up things about the ones we've lost, because they can't defend themselves. They are frozen in amber and each time we conjure them, we distort them.The photo of the child soldier completely changed the path of the documentary. Many of the disparaging critiques of the CIA in Laos were simpler for me to explain away - some decisions were profoundly out of the control of my father or Tom Norton. But in the case of child soldiers, it seemed like CIA officers like my father could have drawn a line in the sand. I almost booked a ticket to Laos in search of answers, but after a series of phone calls, my coproducer, Nick Farago, and I found the person we needed to speak to in California's Central Valley. Xing Yang was a former child soldier in the secret army. He welcomed us with a soft, warm handshake into his home in Fresno. As half a dozen grandchildren ran around, we sat on the couches in his living room, and Xing told us how he was abducted by Hmong soldiers on his way to school one day. He was taken to a military base, given a gun, and trained to clean, load, and shoot it. He saw his first firefight when he was 12 years old. Then I asked Xing what I had come there to ask. Was he upset with the Americans for what happened? I gave Xing the opportunity to admonish the CIA and the US - a man with as much right as anyone to be upset - but he decidedly did not take it. Throughout production of the radio documentary, there was a muscular social pressure to admonish my father, Tom Norton, and the CIA. But I'm not certain admonishment always has the effect we want it to. More often, it seems to satisfy our own thirst for righteousness, rather than bring about change. If we refuse to identify with actors in history, we will never learn its lessons. "No-one is righteous," Xing Yang told us before we left. "And God also knows what we're thinking in our hearts."I set out to learn what my father did in Laos, but the answers I found were unsatisfying, still shrouded in secrecy. At the end of the documentary, the listener is left grasping at half-truths and flickers of honesty. But this is precisely what it was like to be a spy's son. When all is said and done, the only admonishment I have for my father is that he never discussed his life with me. "Do you think you can still have a genuine relationship with someone when one person is deceiving the other?" I asked Tom Norton at his home in South Carolina. "Yes. You're still the same people," Tom said. "You've just got a different name." Click here to listen to the documentary, The CIA's Secret War in Laos.The Commission says Ikea may have been given an unfair tax advantage in the Netherlands. 
941963655381479424	2017-12-16 09:30:10	https://t.co/85E2FOweuK	The men say they aren't gay, but they do love each otherhttps://t.co/85E2FOweuK	Two Irishmen have declared their intention to get married in spite of the fact that neither of them is gay.Elderly Dubliner Matt and his neighbour and carer Michael O'Sullivan have planned a pre-Christmas wedding.Having been close friends for 29 years, theirs is a marriage of convenience but one with love at its heart.With Matt in his twilight years, he wants Michael to have his house after his death and they plan to marry so he can avoid a tax on the inheritance.The pair told Irish national broadcaster RTÉ that they intend to tie the knot in County Tipperary on 22 December, as long as the weather is good.If not, they will wait until the new year to make the near-two-hour trip to Cashel for their nuptials.Matt, 85, told the Liveline radio programme that Michael is "my best friend" and he deserves the house in Stoneybatter in Dublin because he is "prepared to look after me in my old age"."He's been part of my life and when I die whatever I have in my home - no problems - he can have it," he added.Michael, who has two daughters and a son from two previous relationships with women, said: "I love Matt... but not in a sexual way."He's one of the nicest people that anyone will ever meet in your life."But he explained that unless they were married he would face a capital acquisitions tax bill of 33% of the value of the property after he inherits it, and that would be "a burden round my neck".People in the Republic of Ireland who are married are exempt from the tax on items of inheritance from their partner.Same-sex marriage was legalised in Ireland in November 2015, six months after the country voted overwhelmingly for it in a referendum.In doing so, Ireland became the first country in the world to legalise same-sex civil marriage by way of a popular vote.Matt said that Michael would be free to date women after they exchange vows.Michael said that his family have known his future husband for a long time and they do not have concerns about the arrangement.Asked if he would tell any new romantic interest about his marriage to another man, he said: "Probably so, of course I have to tell her!"
941955383115108352	2017-12-16 08:57:18	https://t.co/FDUErT7lUV	Police have described their deaths as "suspicious" https://t.co/FDUErT7lUV	A Canadian billionaire and his wife have been found dead at their home in Toronto in circumstances that police described as "suspicious". The bodies of Barry Sherman and his wife Honey were found in the basement by an estate agent, reports said.Mr Sherman was the founder and chairman of pharmaceutical giant Apotex, which sells generic medicines around the world.He was one of Canada's richest men and a prominent philanthropist.There was no sign of forced entry to the property, police said in a statement Friday evening. Local media reported that investigators were not searching for a suspect at this time.Detective Brandon Price told Canadian broadcaster CBC that investigators were still trying to determine if there was foul play involved. Police gave few details and did not confirm the identities of the deceased. However, they were named locally by friends and by officials who reacted with shock at the news."I am beyond words right now," Ontario's Health Minister Eric Hoskins said on Twitter."My dear friends Barry and Honey Sherman have been found dead. Wonderful human beings, incredible philanthropists, great leaders in health care."Senator Linda Frum presented the couple with a Canadian 150th anniversary medal in late November, awarded to Canadians for "generosity, dedication, volunteerism and hard work"."Today I am gutted by the loss of Honey and Barry Sherman. Our community is steeped in grief. I am heartbroken," she said.Prime Minister Justin Trudeau tweeted his condolences to the couple's family and friends.A police spokesman said emergency services were called to the house just before noon on Friday."The circumstances of their death appear suspicious and we are treating it that way," said Constable David Hopkinson.The couple had recently put their luxury home up for sale and their bodies were found by an estate agent who was at the property to prepare it for an open-house viewing, the Toronto Globe and Mail reported, citing a family member.Apotex said in a statement: "All of us at Apotex are deeply shocked and saddened by this news and our thoughts and prayers are with the family at this time."The couple had four children.Mr Sherman founded Apotex Inc in 1974 and the firm says it is now the seventh biggest generic drug maker in the world.Forbes magazine puts Mr Sherman's personal net worth at $3.2bn (£2.4bn).
941948500945850368	2017-12-16 08:29:57	https://t.co/Sz2uJBLecm	Why South Africa's ANC leadership vote matters https://t.co/Sz2uJBLecm	South Africa's ruling African National Congress is choosing a new leader to succeed Jacob Zuma this weekend. It starts on Saturday, and is arguably one of the most important conferences in the history of the party and the democratic country. Whoever wins would be well placed to become president of the country in the next general election in 2019.Well, the country is at something of a crossroads. The ANC has overwhelmingly won every election since 1994. That was the first election where people of every race were allowed to vote, and it brought white minority rule to an end. But Jacob Zuma's presidency has been mired in allegations of corruption. And for the first time in more than 20 years, there is a possibility that South Africans might turn their backs on the party that many see as having led them to liberation.Whoever wins this vote will either lead the ANC to its first national electoral defeat, or become president of the country.The voting is done by party delegates, which are sent by branches to the conference. A branch needs to be "in good standing" to send delegates. Every branch with at least 100 members gets to send one delegate. For every 250 more, they get another. The party's various other sections, such as Youth, Women's and Veterans' Leagues, will each send 60 delegates. The leagues' delegates will come to 10% of the total number of delegates.The branches have already expressed their preferences by nominating who they would like for the top posts. In theory the delegates are supposed to vote in line with this. But it is a secret ballot, so it's impossible to know for sure which way it will go. It is the end of his second term as leader of the the ANC. The rules of the party say he is not allowed to stand again, so he must stand down. Whilst both the ANC and the country elect a president every five years, those terms are not aligned, with the ANC choosing its president roughly 16 months before the national election. The next general election is in 2019, and Mr Zuma can stay on as president of the country until then.He has been the focus of much controversy, and there have been several attempts both from within his party and the opposition to remove him as president of the country through parliamentary votes of no confidence - all of which he has defeated. At issue is the allegation that he has a corrupt relationship with a wealthy Indian family, the Guptas, which has allowed them to influence ministerial appointments and exercise undue control over government departments. Both the President Zuma and the Gupta family deny any wrongdoing. Mr Zuma is also facing the prospect that 18 charges of fraud and corruption relating to a 1999 arms deal could be reinstated.There are many who argue that whoever takes over might affect whether those charges end up in court.There are two leading candidates: Cyril Ramaphosa, who is currently the Deputy President, and Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, who is also Mr Zuma's former wife.Mr Ramaphosa is running on an anti-corruption ticket. But some analysts argue he is most popular with the middle class, and question whether he can galvanize the support of grassroots voters.However, he gained the most support from the ANC branches around the country.Ms Dlamini-Zuma is promising to put more of the country's economy - and land - back in black hands. But critics say she's too close to Jacob Zuma, and that chances of him being made to answer to the courts on those corruption allegations are slim if she wins.This has been a very bitter race, and the ANC is deeply split between Mr Zuma's supporters and those who want him gone as leader of the country.What the ANC leadership wants to avoid is two competing centres of power - the president of the country and the president of the party.There is also the issue of whether the ANC can afford to go into the next elections with someone who has been the subject of so much controversy still in such a powerful role.So the ANC leadership may choose to recall Mr Zuma as president of the country, as they did with Thabo Mbeki in 2008.The ANC can take a decision to recall its nominee from the position of president.After that, the constitution says there should be a vote in parliament, where the ANC has a huge majority, so any decision taken by the party is likely to be backed.Mr Mbeki was in a vulnerable position because he was no longer president of the ANC. He had also fallen out with the new president of the party - who was, ironically, Mr Zuma.In 2008, the ANC's highest organ - the National Executive Committee (NEC) - held a meeting through the night. Afterwards, a delegation was sent to Mr Mbeki's home to tell him he was being removed. Mr Mbeki then resigned as president of the country in a televised address to the nation.
941905873517121536	2017-12-16 05:40:34	https://t.co/lYPdwlNgPo	ANC gathers to choose leader to replace Jacob Zuma https://t.co/lYPdwlNgPo	South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has called on the African National Congress (ANC) to stop infighting as it decides who will next lead the party.Mr Zuma warned the future of the ANC was under threat, with South Africans "not happy" with it.The main contenders to succeed him are the deputy president, Cyril Ramaphosa, and former cabinet minister Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, President Zuma's ex-wife.Whoever wins is likely to succeed Mr Zuma as South African president.But their bitter leadership battle has raised fears that the ANC could split before national elections in 2019.President Zuma can remain head of state until those elections. He has been in office since 2009 and South Africa limits the presidency to two five-year terms.The leadership contest is expected to be a close one, with legal challenges a possibility.Addressing delegates at the beginning of a gathering to decide the next ANC leader, Mr Zuma said their movement was at a "crossroads"."Petty squabbling that takes us nowhere needs to take back seat, our people are frustrated when we spend more time fighting among ourselves instead of solving the daily challenges they experience," he said.Last year's disappointing results for the ANC in local elections, Mr Zuma said, "were a stark reminder that our people are not happy with the state of the ANC".President Zuma, 75, has been the focus of much controversy and has survived several votes of no confidence in parliament.He faces numerous corruption allegations but denies any wrongdoing.In his final speech as ANC president, he asserted that "theft and corruption" were as prominent in the private sector as they are in government. He added that "being black and successful is being made synonymous to being corrupt".He lashed out at the media, which he said was not "impartial and fair". He also targeted the judiciary, arguing that the courts should have no role in deciding internal party matters.For the leadership, President Zuma is backing his 68-year-old former wife, Ms Dlamini-Zuma, a veteran politician in her own right who has been critical of the enduring power of white-owned businesses.Mr Ramaphosa, 65, has spoken out strongly against state corruption and has the backing of the business community.Recent news that he had a modest lead in the polls was quickly reflected by a rise in the financial markets.Lebo Diseko, Johannesburg, BBC NewsJacob Zuma came out fighting in his speech, hitting out at his critics both inside and outside the party.It seemed like no one was spared - from ANC members who voted with the opposition to try and remove him, alliance partners who have booed him and called on him to stand down, to "counter-revolutionary forces" he said were intent on reversing the progress made since 1994, when apartheid was brought to an end.Indeed, that idea of malevolent forces working to bring down both him and the ANC was a thread that ran right through his speech. Mr Zuma placed his fight against his opponents within the wider framework of the fight against apartheid.He ended his speech by saying "I tried my best", and of those who tried to bring him down "I bear no grudges". He then led the room in song.This was Jacob Zuma in his element: a rousing speaker, a fierce opponent, delivering cutting rebukes with charm and charisma.More than 5,000 delegates are taking part in the four-day ANC elective conference at the Expo Centre in Johannesburg.A vote on the new leader is expected on Sunday.The first major engagement for the new leader will be the party's anniversary celebrations on 8 January.The ANC has governed South Africa since the first democratic election more than 20 years ago.The BBC's Andrew Harding says a question remains whether the ANC is in terminal decline, and what that might mean for South Africa's stability and its future. 
941858603430006784	2017-12-16 02:32:44	https://t.co/eqWoa5QO2s	Australian citizenship row: By-election threatens PM's majority https://t.co/eqWoa5QO2s	Australia's ruling coalition has retained its one-seat majority after it won a bitterly contested by-election in a Sydney suburb.Former tennis professional John Alexander was re-elected in Bennelong division after stepping down over a dual-nationality row.Labor's Kristina Keneally enjoyed a 7.9% swing in support in her favour but it was not enough to win the seat.The citizenship crisis forced nine Australian MPs to resign.They were found to hold dual nationality - something politicians are barred from by Australia's constitution.Mr Alexander has since renounced his British citizenship and has now won re-election - as Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce did two weeks ago.The vote had been seen as a test of the credibility of Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull's ruling Liberal-National coalition. Opinions polls suggested Mr Alexander could lose the vote, costing the coalition its wafer-thin majority and forcing it to rely on independents in parliament.Mr Turnbull was ebullient as he addressed cheering supporters."Thank you Bennelong, the people of Bennelong have put their faith in this man," he said, raising Mr Alexander's arm in triumph, according to Reuters news agency. "Liberals have come from across the state, across the nation."But while Ms Keneally conceded defeat, she said the swing in her favour showed voters were fed up with Mr Turnbull."The verdict is in, the message is clear, we have had enough of your lousy leadership. Malcolm Turnbull injected himself in this campaign, he owns this result."Labor has accused the government of whipping up "China-phobia" - and had hoped that the large number of Chinese-origin voters in Bennelong might punish the government for it.Mr Turnbull has unveiled plans to make all federal politicians clearly declare their citizenship status to avoid a similar crisis in the future.Under the new plan, politicians will be obliged to make a formal declaration about their citizenship status, as well as provide details about the time and place of their birth, and the time and place of birth of their parents.If any politicians formerly had citizenship of another country they will also be required to detail when and how they renounced it.
941837627312939008	2017-12-16 01:09:23	https://t.co/9awBbR4ADK	Deaths of Canada billionaire Barry Sherman and wife 'suspicious' https://t.co/9awBbR4ADK	A Canadian billionaire and his wife have been found dead at their home in Toronto in circumstances that police described as "suspicious". The bodies of Barry Sherman and his wife Honey were found in the basement by an estate agent, reports said.Mr Sherman was the founder and chairman of pharmaceutical giant Apotex, which sells generic medicines around the world.He was one of Canada's richest men and a prominent philanthropist.There was no sign of forced entry to the property, police said in a statement Friday evening. Local media reported that investigators were not searching for a suspect at this time.Detective Brandon Price told Canadian broadcaster CBC that investigators were still trying to determine if there was foul play involved. Police gave few details and did not confirm the identities of the deceased. However, they were named locally by friends and by officials who reacted with shock at the news."I am beyond words right now," Ontario's Health Minister Eric Hoskins said on Twitter."My dear friends Barry and Honey Sherman have been found dead. Wonderful human beings, incredible philanthropists, great leaders in health care."Senator Linda Frum presented the couple with a Canadian 150th anniversary medal in late November, awarded to Canadians for "generosity, dedication, volunteerism and hard work"."Today I am gutted by the loss of Honey and Barry Sherman. Our community is steeped in grief. I am heartbroken," she said.Prime Minister Justin Trudeau tweeted his condolences to the couple's family and friends.A police spokesman said emergency services were called to the house just before noon on Friday."The circumstances of their death appear suspicious and we are treating it that way," said Constable David Hopkinson.The couple had recently put their luxury home up for sale and their bodies were found by an estate agent who was at the property to prepare it for an open-house viewing, the Toronto Globe and Mail reported, citing a family member.Apotex said in a statement: "All of us at Apotex are deeply shocked and saddened by this news and our thoughts and prayers are with the family at this time."The couple had four children.Mr Sherman founded Apotex Inc in 1974 and the firm says it is now the seventh biggest generic drug maker in the world.Forbes magazine puts Mr Sherman's personal net worth at $3.2bn (£2.4bn).
941834980237250560	2017-12-16 00:58:52	https://t.co/INluB7xV6L	Decision time https://t.co/INluB7xV6L	Once there were eight, now there are two. As Chileans vote in the second round of the presidential election on Sunday, they will now have a straight choice.And, in a way, both candidates could be said to represent continuity.The frontrunner in the first round, billionaire businessman Sebastián Piñera, already governed the country from 2010 to 2014.And second-placed Alejandro Guillier has the endorsement of the current socialist president, Michelle Bachelet, and has promised to continue many of her policies. While the campaign has been rather sluggish, the second round will be closely watched in the region to see if it results in another loss for left-wing parties in Latin America. A decade ago, Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, Cuba, Ecuador, Honduras, Nicaragua, Uruguay and Venezuela were all governed by left-wing leaders. But in recent years, conservatives have come to power in Argentina, Brazil and Paraguay, and Venezuela's "Bolivarian Revolution" has come under severe pressure with anti-government protesters taking to the streets for months.A win by Mr Piñera and his Chile Vamos coalition would further consolidate that trend.The most recent opinion polls suggest that Mr Piñera has a slight lead over Mr Guillier, but it is slim at only 1.4 percentage points.In the first round, Mr Guillier, a former journalist and news anchor, came in a distant second behind Mr Piñera with 22.7% compared to the billionaire's 36.6%But Mr Guillier is expected to pick up the votes cast in round one for the left-wing candidate Beatriz Sánchez.While Ms Sánchez was hesitant to endorse Mr Guillier at first, she asked her supporters to vote for him after Mr Piñera suggested some of the votes cast for her and Mr Guillier had been fraudulent.If the hitherto divided left-wing unites behind Mr Guillier he could beat Mr Piñera.A right-wing swing in Chile is therefore not a given.Mr Piñera has promised to rein in the reforms brought in by President Bachelet, saying he will halt the expansion of free university education and make modifications to pensions and taxes.Mr Guillier, on the other hand, has campaigned on the back of President Bachelet's legacy, vowing to boost regional investment and shore up the welfare state.While President Bachelet's progressive agenda has won plaudits abroad, her popularity plummeted during her second term, due in part to a 2015 corruption scandal involving her daughter-in-law. This year, however, the president overcame conservative opposition to successfully ease Chile's strict anti-abortion laws.Conservative critics say Ms Bachelet pushed her reforms too far, while some voices on the left accuse her of losing touch with the people.Even Mr Guillier, who is endorsed by Ms Bachelet's coalition, says Chileans are demanding "real change" and "reforms that reach regular people".Both Mr Piñera and Mr Guillier say that, if elected, they will diversify external trade to ease Chile's dependency on its main export, copper.Economic growth in Chile is lagging behind that of other Latin American nations and analysts say a future dip in copper prices could cause problems for whoever comes to power.Tensions with indigenous communities in the southern Araucania region could also cause headaches for the incoming president, with reports of unrest on the rise.The Bachelet administration stepped up its role in the Venezuelan political crisis recently by offering asylum to Venezuelan opposition figures.A victory for the right in Chile would only deepen the rift between the two countries. Likewise, Chile's growing impatience with Bolivian leader Evo Morales would certainly solidify under Mr Piñera's leadership.On the other hand, relations with Argentina would likely become closer under Mr Piñera as he has often expressed his admiration for the Argentine leader, Mauricio Macri. Further afield, Chile's economic dependence on China and the United States suggests a pragmatic foreign policy approach. A newly-signed update to Chile's free trade deal with China, as well as the former's presence in the Trans-Pacific Partnership, mean any incoming president will probably continue looking to Asia for much of the country's trade.
941834077782417408	2017-12-16 00:55:17	https://t.co/TBOUo2yKBb	'Crowdfunding his death' https://t.co/TBOUo2yKBb	Last month, Wu Yongning went out to do what he loved best - scale a skyscraper without safety equipment and film himself dangling off its roof by his fingertips.What happened next almost seems inevitable - the Chinese climber fell, plunging 62 storeys to his death.His many thousands of followers grew concerned when he stopped posting videos of his stunts on sites like Huoshan and Kuaishou, but his death was only confirmed in recent days, first by his girlfriend, then by authorities. A shocking clip of what appeared to be his final moments - his fatal attempt to scale a building in Changsha city - began circulating online this week.His death has prompted uneasy soul-searching over the "cash for clips" internet video industry. Questions are now being asked about whether these platforms, and their viewers, are in some way responsible for his death.A recent Beijing News investigation found that Mr Wu had posted more than 500 short videos and livestreams on Huoshan, garnering a million fans and earning at least 550,000 yuan (£62,000; $83,000). Huoshan had prominently promoted his videos as recently as June.The reports prompted stern commentaries in national media. "These livestreamers make 'close to death' reality clips, while the platforms profit as the middlemen... [We] cannot let these platforms become ruthless, cruel battlefield-like places," read one op-ed piece by news outlet The Paper.State broadcaster CCTV said in a commentary that such sites "should not, in their quest for profit, selectively ignore the fact videos can bring about harmful social consequences".Huoshan has since strenuously denied it encouraged Mr Wu's stunts, saying in a statement that while it "always respected extreme sports athletes' spirit of exploration and their works", it was also "always cautious, we do not encourage nor have we ever signed agreements" with them.It is suing Sina News, one of China's biggest news outlets, after it reported claims from Mr Wu's relatives that it had financially backed the deadly climb.Kuaishou also denied it collaborated with Mr Wu. A recent BBC check found Mr Wu's clips had been scrubbed from the two platforms.But while no-one ever forced him to scale a building, some have asked whether Mr Wu's viewers also carry some responsibility for his death.The debate over viewers' complicity has intensified as more people around the world practise "rooftopping" and share their clips on social media - the craze swept Russia earlier this year and has already claimed several lives.But the question is particularly pointed in China, because livestreamers and viral video-makers can earn money from fans directly. Many Chinese video platforms allow followers to send virtual gifts, which can then be converted to cash.The Paper's op-ed accused viewers of clips like Mr Wu's of "purchasing a life", while one commenter on discussion site Zhihu said: "Every single person who 'liked' (Mr Wu) basically took part in crowdfunding his death.""Watching him and praising him was akin to... buying a knife for someone who wanted to stab himself, or encouraging someone who wants to jump off a building," said a user on microblogging network Weibo."Don't click 'like', don't click 'follow'. This is the least we can do to try to save someone's life." The conversation comes as China struggles to contain the fast-evolving, billion-dollar internet video industry. Millions are broadcasting their lives on livestreams, and nearly half of China's 710 million internet users are watching them.China may be infamous for its censorship and internet restrictions, but the world of livestreams and short videos remain a Wild West of sorts. Fierce competition for eyeballs has led to attention-grabbing antics, from eating live goldfish and chugging down raw eggs, to stripteases and "rooftopping".Some platforms have actively encouraged this - earlier this year, Huoshan announced it was dishing out 1 billion yuan to broadcasters who made viral content.In an attempt to tamp down on the industry's exuberance, the government last year set out rules for livestreaming such as a ban on "obscene material" - including "erotic banana-eating" - and compelled platforms to step up control and monitoring of their content.Mr Wu's death has reignited discussions on whether more needs to be done, such as greater regulation. The People's Daily newspaper - mouthpiece of the ruling Communist Party - said in a Weibo commentary that "bloody livestreams should be controlled"."These kind of eyeball-grabbing livestreams should be cancelled," said one Weibo user, while another said: "Anything that parents wouldn't allow to be broadcast should be scrubbed."But a few have pushed back, saying calls for censorship were a knee-jerk reaction."My goodness, looking for yet another excuse to regulate video platforms?" questioned one Weibo commenter. "When you can't control something you just want to throw it out, and when ideas can't catch up, you just end up blaming livestreams."Additional reporting by Wei Zhou
941833154922389505	2017-12-16 00:51:37	https://t.co/IYTNocSA6Q	'Million mutinies' https://t.co/IYTNocSA6Q	Five years after the notorious gang rape and murder of a 23-year old physiotherapy student on a bus in Delhi, the BBC's Geeta Pandey asks if India is a better place for women today.First, a recap of the horrific crime - the young woman and her male friend had boarded the bus just after 9pm on 16 December 2012. She was then gang-raped by the driver and five other men on the bus while her friend was badly beaten up. Naked and bloodied, the couple were thrown by the roadside to die. They were taken to hospital after some passers-by found them and called the police. She clung to life for a fortnight before succumbing to her injuries. Her friend lives, scarred for life.The brutality of the assault stunned India and the press dubbed her Nirbhaya - the fearless one.But I had met my own Nirbhaya a decade before that, while I was producing a BBC radio feature on rape in India.I met her at a shelter for women run by an NGO in central Delhi. She was from a poor family in Gujarat, a member of a travelling tribe that has no fixed address. The woman had come to the capital along with her husband and young child.For a few months the couple had worked as day wage labourers and were returning to Gujarat for a visit.At the railway station, in the melee, she was separated from her family. They boarded the train as it moved and she got left behind.As she sat on the platform weeping, a kindly looking Sikh man offered help. He told her he was a truck driver and would take her home. She took him up on his offer since she had no money.For the next four days, she was driven around on the truck, brutally gang-raped by the driver and three other men. Believing that she was about to die, they threw her by the roadside which is where she was found and taken to hospital.When I went to meet her, she had just been brought in from the hospital after months of treatment. Her body resembled a war zone. Her insides were so badly damaged that she had to walk around with a pipe that came out of her abdomen and was attached to a bag. She showed me burn marks on her breasts where her rapists had branded her with cigarettes. She had no idea where her family was. The NGO said their attempts to track them down had failed.I spent more than an hour talking to her.It made me sick just to hear what she had been through, about the brutality human beings can be capable of.I was traumatised and, for the first time in my life, I felt fear. And I projected my fears onto two women closest to me - my sister and my best friend, who was also a BBC colleague, two very independent and feisty women.Every time they would visit me, I would insist as they left that they messaged me once they reached home.They humoured me initially, sometimes they would get irritated because if they forgot, I'd call them in the morning and harangue them. Sometimes they made fun of me.And then 16 December 2012 happened. As the Indian press gave out gory details of the brutal assault, the trauma was brought alive for a horrified nation.For a fortnight, as Nirbhaya lay in her hospital bed fighting for life, television channels and newspapers reported every little detail of what had been done to her.My sister and my friend no longer made fun of me.But that was not the only change. Giving in to the demands of protesters who took to the streets across India, the government brought in a tougher new law to deal with crimes against women.But the biggest change has been the one in attitudes - sexual attacks and rapes have become topics of living room conversations and that is a huge deal in a country where sex and sex crimes are a taboo, something to be brushed under the carpet, not discussed at length.Taking control of the conversation is the first step to India becoming a better place for women. And this conversation has spilt on to social media and India is in the grip of, to borrow a phrase from Nobel laureate VS Naipaul, a "million mutinies now". Every incident, big or small, is being discussed and written about, and women's rights to safe living and equality have been under much greater scrutiny. In recent years, we've written about many of these campaigns:It's not that women were not speaking out earlier - we've had warriors who've been fighting for decades, challenging every thought and idea rooted in patriarchy.Over the next few days, we'll be bringing you stories of some of these women who have relentlessly campaigned for a better, safer and more inclusive world for themselves and others.The question is: have they been successful? Recently released National Crime Records Bureau statistics for the year 2016 paint a dismal picture - crimes against women continue to rise. We still have thousands of brides murdered for dowry, tens of thousands of women and girls raped, hundreds of thousands of incidents of domestic violence and female foetuses being aborted.In the past week alone, we have reported on the brutal rape, torture and murder of a six-year-old, the gang rape of a 16-year-old cancer survivor and a Bollywood actress who was sexually harassed by a fellow passenger on a flight.But what is heartening is the refusal of women to give up their fight. And that's where our hopes lie for a better future for women in India.
941814422107971584	2017-12-15 23:37:10	https://t.co/Z4sAj0uRj8	US tax bill: Republicans agree sweeping changes https://t.co/Z4sAj0uRj8	US Republicans from both houses of Congress have revealed their joint bill for the biggest overhaul of the country's tax system in 30 years.The plan brings the US corporate tax rate down to 21% from the current 35%. The top individual income tax drops to 37% from 39.6%. President Donald Trump campaigned on a pledge to cut taxes, and passing the legislation marks a significant victory. He has said he wants the bill signed into law before Christmas.Democrats have argued that the tax cuts will favour only the rich and offer little to the middle class. The non-partisan Joint Committee on Taxation said on Friday the measures would add as much as $1.4tn (£1tn) to the $20tn national debt over 10 years.The Senate and the House of Representatives - which both have Republican majorities - are due to vote on the measures next week.Friday's agreement came after hours of talks in which the bill's supporters sought to win over wavering Republicans.Senator Marco Rubio added his support following changes to child tax credit, reports said. Fellow Senator Bob Corker, who had opposed the original bill, also said he would back the draft bill despite reservations.Kevin Brady, Republican chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, said he was "very excited about this moment". "It's been 31 years in the making and took a lot of hard work," he told reporters.Analysis by Anthony Zurcher, BBC News, WashingtonThe pieces are falling in place for Donald Trump's tax bill, which now seems almost guaranteed to become law. This will certainly satisfy critics within the Republican Party, particularly the big-business donors, who were lamenting Congress's inability to enact even modest parts of their party's legislative agenda. The question, however, is whether the success here will do anything to reverse the president's low poll numbers and dispel the growing consensus that Republicans are in for a rough ride in next year's mid-term congressional elections.At the very least this will make it easier for the party incumbents to survive primary challenges from anti-establishment outsiders who otherwise would have railed against a do-nothing Congress. The tax bill's overall unpopularity according to recent polls, however, may do little to improve the party's standings in the eyes of the general public. Cutting corporate tax rates, whether or not it is in the long-term interest of the nation, is unlikely to capture the imagination of the average American.Republicans are now in a position to fully take credit for a booming economy, however - and they have 11 months to make the case to voters that they deserve to stay in power. The proposed new measures ran into opposition from a senior UN official on Friday, who said they could worsen social inequality in the US.Philip Alston, the UN Special Rapporteur on Extreme Poverty who has been on a two-week fact-finding visit to US States, said the tax bill threatened to "blow apart" social welfare provision."The US Congress is trying desperately to pass a tax bill that, if adopted, would represent the single most dramatic increase in inequality that could be imagined," he said.
941791467189821442	2017-12-15 22:05:58	https://t.co/f7TLZhim21	North Korea must earn right to talks, says US Secretary of State Tillerson https://t.co/f7TLZhim21	US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said North Korea must "earn its way back to the table" for negotiations between the two countries to restart.Mr Tillerson said Pyongyang had to carry out a "sustained cessation" of weapons testing before any talks.It is a U-turn from comments made earlier this week, when Mr Tillerson said the US was "ready to talk any time time North Korea would like to talk".That remark was swiftly contradicted by the White House.North Korea has carried out repeated nuclear and ballistic missile tests this year, in defiance of global condemnation and increasingly heavy international sanctions. Earlier this week Mr Tillerson said: "Let's just meet and let's talk about the weather if you want and talk about whether it's going to be a square table or a round table if that's what you're excited about."Then we can begin to lay out a map, a road map, of what we might be willing to work towards."But his remarks, welcomed by China and Russia, were promptly greeted with a rebuttal from the White House and a reiteration that North Korea must admit to abandoning its nuclear weapons before talks resume.Within just a few hours press secretary Sarah Saunders released a statement to reporters saying Mr Trump's views "have not changed"."North Korea is acting in an unsafe way not only toward Japan, China, and South Korea, but the entire world," she said.On Friday, Mr Tillerson also urged Russia and China to put more pressure on Pyongyang by taking action beyond mere compliance with UN Security Council resolutions. Both countries rejected this.He told the UN Security Council that diplomatic options remained open, but that the US would not bow to North Korean conditions for negotiations."We do not accept any relaxing of the sanctions regime as a precondition of talks," he said."We do not accept the resumption of humanitarian assistance as a precondition of talks. So we are not going to accept preconditions for these talks."Also on Friday at the Security Council:
941782600896610304	2017-12-15 21:30:44	https://t.co/voTU9o3vAP	'Shocking apathy' to fraternity drinking at Pennsylvania university https://t.co/voTU9o3vAP	A committee probing the Pennsylvania State University's response to drinking in fraternities has issued a blistering report following a student's death.A grand jury found on Friday that administrators displayed a "shocking apathy" to dangerous levels of drinking and hazing in university social clubs.The report claims officials knew of the dangers but did nothing. The report says Tim Piazza, a 19 year old who died last February after binge drinking, "did not have to die".Penn State officials have yet to comment on the damning report.The findings say officials "were aware of the excessive and dangerous alcohol abuse indulged by fraternities, such that it was only a matter of time before a death would occur during a hazing event".The deadly problem with US fraternities"The university bears the ultimate responsibility for the failure to supervise the safety of its students involved in the fraternity system," the report says, adding that although the university's actions were not themselves illegal, their "inaction set the table to allow these criminal acts to occur", which caused Piazza's death.Tim Piazza, from New Jersey, was left unconscious for hours and suffered internal injuries after falling down steps during an initiation ritual. He later died in hospital.Other members of the fraternity waited nearly 12 hours to call an ambulance, and were charged with manslaughter, although the most serious charges were later dropped. Officials say he was fed 18 drinks in a period of one hour and 22 minutes, and that he never obtained the drinks on his own.Hazing at the school, the report found, is "rampant and pervasive" and encourages "sadistic" rituals that reach "peaks of depravity".The jury calls for "profound changes on college campuses and communities in Pennsylvania", and for universities to ensure protections for younger students wishing to join fraternities, and sororities - which together are known as campus Greek social life.Other US universities have taken measures recently to protect students who are seeking to join social clubs.On Thursday, a University of Houston fraternity in Texas was indicted for hazing, with officials charging that students were deprived of adequate food, water and sleep during a three-day initiation event.The president of Florida State University told the Associated Press on Thursday that there is currently no timeline for reinstating campus Greek activities there, after they were suspended in November following a student's death.
941778231497240576	2017-12-15 21:13:22	https://t.co/578Ac9WBdH	Austrian far right to return to coalition under conservative Sebastian Kurz https://t.co/578Ac9WBdH	Austria's president has approved a coalition government between the conservative People's Party and the far-right Freedom Party.The deal will make Austria the only Western European state with a governing far-right party, which is opposed to migration and the European Union.The parties previously governed the country together between 2000 and 2005.But at just 31, the People's Party's Sebastian Kurz is set to become the world's youngest head of government.No details have been given about the government's programme, but several important ministerial roles are expected to be handed to the smaller Freedom Party as part of the deal.President Alexander Van der Bellen gave the green light to the deal on Saturday morning.He said the new government had assured him of both a pro-EU stance and a continued commitment to the European convention on human rights.The election on 15 October failed to yield a conclusive result.The campaign was dominated by Europe's migration crisis, something the anti-immigration Freedom Party has long campaigned about.Mr Kurz appealed to conservative and right-wing voters with pledges to shut down migrant routes to Europe, cap benefit payments to refugees, and bar immigrants from receiving benefits until they have lived in Austria for five years.But he has promised to form a pro-EU government, despite his coalition partner's traditional Euroscepticism.Bethany Bell, ViennaUnlike most of Europe's populist parties, the Freedom Party has managed to translate its success at the ballot box into real political power. It has been a major player in Austrian politics for decades. In recent years, the party has toned down some of its more extreme rhetoric. But many analysts believe that, in or out of government, it has helped set a right-wing agenda, not just in Austria - but in other countries across Europe as well. Its stance against immigration is becoming more mainstream, along with its populist tone. The Freedom Party accused Mr Kurz of stealing their policies. Their candidate, Heinz-Christian Strache, branded him an "imposter".When the far-right Freedom Party last entered a coalition in Austria in 2000, its fellow EU member states froze bilateral diplomatic relations in response.Those diplomatic sanctions were lifted months later, after the move failed to force the Freedom Party out of government and amid fears that continued sanctions could further increase nationalist tensions. That is unlikely to happen again, as resurgent right-wing populist groups have been promoting anti-immigration and Eurosceptic agendas across much of the EU. But unlike the Freedom Party, they have struggled to convert electoral success into real power.Earlier this year, Marine Le Pen's far-right National Front party lost the French presidential election comprehensively. Ms Le Pen was defeated by Emmanuel Macron, a liberal centrist and strong supporter of the European Union.Elsewhere, the Dutch anti-immigration Freedom Party of Geert Wilders was defeated by liberal leader Mark Rutte. In Germany, the nationalist and populist right of Alternative for Germany (AfD) gained seats in the national parliament, where it is now third biggest party, but it is not in the frame for coalition talks.
941768515324973056	2017-12-15 20:34:45	https://t.co/Ab6FzcuCXv	Peru Odebrecht scandal: President Kuczynski faces impeachment https://t.co/Ab6FzcuCXv	Political parties in Peru's Congress have submitted an impeachment motion against President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski.He has been accused of receiving illegal payments by the Brazilian construction company Odebrecht. The motion, which was signed by politicians from most parties, says Mr Kuczynski lacks the "moral capacity" to lead the country.He has denied the allegations and rejected calls for his resignation. The president of Congress, Luis Galarreta, told Reuters news agency the president might be removed from office within a week. The Congress has 130 members and Mr Kuczynski's centre-right party, Peruvians for Change (PPK), has only 18 elected congressmen.Eighty-seven members of Congress would have to vote against the president to oust him.Odebrecht had previously admitted paying bribes to officials in Brazil, Peru and many other countries to secure lucrative building contracts. Mr Kuczynski, 79, initially denied receiving any money from Odebrecht. He now denies receiving any illegal payments but admits working on an advisory basis for the firm.This week, however, Odebrecht sent a letter to a congressional anti-corruption committee saying it had paid $5m (£3.7m) in advisory fees when he was in a previous government role.Politicians are accusing Mr Kuczynski of lying to the country. The payments by Odebrecht were made to Westfield Capital Ltd, a company owned by Mr Kuczynski. He said that while he owned the company, he was not its manager when it received the payments.Mr Kuczynski, a former Wall Street banker, has pledged to testify before a congressional commission on Odebrecht wrongdoing in Peru on December 22.Odebrecht was fined a record $3.5bn by the US last year for bribing officials from various countries. Fraudulent "advisory fees" was one method the firm used to funnel bribes to officials, according to the case against the firm.Former company president Marcelo Odebrecht, who is serving a 19-year jail sentence in Brazil and has agreed to co-operate in return for leniency, said Mr Kuczynski was hired as an adviser in Peru a decade ago, while he was economy minister.Mr Odebrecht also told prosecutors that the construction company had paid $29m in bribes to Peruvian officials over many years. Peru's right-wing opposition Popular Force party, which controls the country's congress, says there is enough evidence to prove corruption by Mr Kuczynski, a centrist elected last year to a five-year term.The party had warned that it would attempt to begin impeachment proceedings against him if he did not offer his resignation.On Wednesday, Ecuador's vice president, Jorge Glas, was sentenced to six years for taking $13.5m in bribes from Odebrecht, becoming the highest-ranking politician to be convicted in the scandal.
941730617296867328	2017-12-15 18:04:10	https://t.co/msJAEP8qpH	Ethiopia 'Red Terror' aide Alemu jailed for war crimes https://t.co/msJAEP8qpH	A Dutch court has sentenced an aide to Ethiopia's former communist ruler to life imprisonment for war crimes.Eshetu Alemu, 63, was found guilty of crimes including the execution of 75 people during Ethiopia's "Red Terror" purges in the late 1970s.The dual Ethiopian-Dutch national and former aide to then-ruler Mengistu Haile Mariam denied all the charges against him.More than 300 victims were named in four war crimes charges.Ethiopia has already sentenced him to death in absentia.Prosecutors said that Alemu was a henchman for Mengistu in the north-west Gojjam province.The case was tried under Dutch universal jurisdiction laws at the district court in The Hague.Presiding judge Mariette Renckens told the court that Alemu was "guilty of war crimes and treated his fellow citizens in a cold and calculating manner... including robbing them of their right to life".Families of victims applauded the sentence, but neither Alemu nor his lawyers were present in court.Marxist strongman Mengistu Haile Mariam ruled Ethiopia between 1977 and 1991 following the overthrow of Emperor Haile Selassie in 1974.There was significant repression under his communist regime. This became known as the "Red Terror".Mengistu was ousted in 1991 after a series of revolts by insurgent groups. He then fled to Zimbabwe, where he still resides. In 2007, Mengistu was found guilty in absentia at an Ethiopian court of genocide
941729766993989637	2017-12-15 18:00:47	https://t.co/CDSwGCwQLm	Australia abuse: Archbishop rejects call to report confessions https://t.co/CDSwGCwQLm	A senior member of the Roman Catholic Church in Australia has rejected a key recommendation of a landmark inquiry into child sex abuse. It said priests should report abuse confided to them, even in the secret context of the confessional.But the archbishop of Melbourne said any priest who broke the seal of confession would be excommunicated.This means they would cease to be a member of the Church and would no longer be allowed a Catholic funeral.The Most Rev Denis Hart said a law requiring this of priests would undermine a central tenet of Catholicism, the sacredness of the confessional."The seal of the confessional, or the relationship with God that's carried through the priest and with the person, is inviolable," he said.In a statement, the Vatican said the report "deserved to be studied seriously".The five-year inquiry's final report said institutions had "seriously failed" to protect children.These institutions included the churches and the report found that 62% of abuse cases in religious institutions were in Catholic institutions.Religious ministers and school teachers were the most commonly reported perpetrators, the report said. The report also called on the Catholic Church to overhaul its celibacy rulesThe royal commission, Australia's highest form of public inquiry, heard more than 8,000 testimonies from victims of abuse, with accusations covering schools, churches and sports clubs over decades."It is not a case of a few rotten apples," the report said. "Society's major institutions have seriously failed... The problems have been so widespread, and the nature of the abuse so heinous, that it is difficult to comprehend."Since 2013, the royal commission has referred more than 2,500 allegations to authorities. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said "a national tragedy" had been exposed.The Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse had the power to look at any private, public or non-government body involved with children. It was contacted by more than 15,000 people. More than 8,000 victims told their stories, many for the first time.2559allegations referred to police since the inquiry began in 2013230 prosecutions have commenced 41,770 calls received from members of the public 60,000 survivors may be eligible for compensation, estimates say The commission also received more than 1,300 written accounts and held 57 public hearings across the nation. Allegations were raised against more than 4,000 institutions.The report on Friday urged Australian Catholic bishops to petition the Vatican to amend canon law to allow priests to report sexual abuse disclosed to them during confession.It also said the Catholic Church should consider making celibacy voluntary for priests because while it was "not a direct cause of child sexual abuse", it had "contributed to the occurrence of child sexual abuse, especially when combined with other risk factors".Among its other major findings, the inquiry recommended:*Names have been changed in the report to protect the identities of the survivors.
941722800720699393	2017-12-15 17:33:06	https://t.co/SszJW0GaZ3	Brexit pressure https://t.co/SszJW0GaZ3	From a British point of view the best moment of Brexit so far has come and gone.The leaders of the European Union agreed it was time to move the negotiations on from Phase One to Phase Two.They even made it known they'd given Theresa May a round of applause after she made a short speech pledging her commitment to a smooth Brexit.But Brussels is still Brussels and the UK's negotiators will hardly have time to breathe the sigh of relief to which they privately feel entitled before the questions and the caveats began to crop up.First the round of applause itself - a polite smattering, it was suggested, rather than a thunderous standing ovation.And then of course there is the more important question of what happens next.The UK's chief Brexit negotiator, David Davis, may favour something of a swashbuckling approach to these difficult moments, but the EU favours a disciplined, structured, rigidly-controlled process more akin to buying a house than writing a speech.So we know that the EU 27 will sit down after the holidays to discuss what they want from a transition period for the UK after Brexit.The president of the EU Council, Donald Tusk, put it like this: "As for the framework for future relations, it is now time for internal EU 27 preparations and exploratory contacts with the UK to get more clarity on their vision."On that basis we should adopt guidelines and start negotiations next year. I trust that the unity on the EU side will continue."The transition (the UK prefers the phrase "implementation phase") will be a period after the UK has ceased to be a member state on 29 March 2019 but before it begins to function entirely outside the union.The period is likely to last two years (it will certainly be for a limited time) and we know that the EU will insist that the UK continues to follow all the rules of the customs union and single market.In effect it will seem pretty much as though the UK is still a member state with the crucial difference that it won't have a vote or a voice in EU decisions.The UK may not be happy with that. One member of the cabinet, Michael Gove, has talked about the possibility of the UK leaving the Common Fisheries Policy early and Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has argued that the UK could be bound during a transition by all the EU's existing rules but not by any new ones passed after Brexit day.Here's the problem for the UK.Any time you spend haggling over the terms of transition will in effect be subtracted from the time available to discuss the overall future of EU-UK relations, including trade, security and defence.And businesses, banks and the city will be putting the government under huge pressure to get the transition sorted in order to give them the certainty they need to plan for the future.Sometime later next year - let's say in March - the EU will start to plan its strategy for negotiating that overall future relationship.All it knows for sure so far is that the UK has said it's leaving both the Single Market and the Customs Union - expect a clamour for the UK to spell things out in much greater detail to grow in the weeks after the Christmas holidays.The political backdrop to all of this is that the EU 27 is now resigned to Brexit - it's generally accepted now that it is going to happen but plenty of European politicians remain hurt and mystified by what they regard as Britain's decision to de-couple itself from one of history's primary engines of peace and prosperity. Estonian Prime Minister Juri Ratas put it like this: "A divorce is always sad and always very, very difficult. Brexit was not on our priority list but it's still very much in our hearts. I am very pleased that we have achieved sufficient progress in negotiations to start discussions on our future relations."For keen EU watchers the key phrase there is "sufficient progress" - a grimly familiar form of words that you haven't heard the last of.Even the Phase One issues (the divorce settlement, the Irish border and citizen's rights) are not finally settled - the progress on them is "sufficient" rather than "complete", after all.Talks on those issues will continue in the New Year and will culminate in a withdrawal agreement in which they will be enshrined in legally biding language.The year 2017 was one of dense, tense and sometimes puzzling negotiations here in Brussels. And 2018 will be no different.
941721927357517824	2017-12-15 17:29:38	https://t.co/i03XzU1oXW	Fifa letter warns Spanish FA over interference in election https://t.co/i03XzU1oXW	When asked about the threat hanging over Spain's participation at the World Cup, the country's prime minister, Mariano Rajoy, said: "I cannot contemplate that scenario."I'm absolutely convinced Spain will go to the World Cup and that we are going to win it."Share this with Part of a new collaboration with UK Sport After you. No, after you... Why do Australia have faster bowlers than England? Is pace born or made? And does it even matter? Get latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online.The latest rumours and stories from around the world of football.Enjoy the best debate, analysis and interviews with 5 live and World Service football plus our commentary listings.How to get into football - the most popular sport in the world, with clubs and facilities throughout the UK.Run by the BBC and partnersRugbytots Thame and BicesterTumble Tots Sutton ColdfieldFor more ideas, information and inspiration, visit bbc.co.uk/getinspired
941715529810825217	2017-12-15 17:04:13	https://t.co/mB0IusnXHq	Nigerian law graduate denied call to bar for wearing hijab https://t.co/mB0IusnXHq	A Nigerian law graduate has been denied her call to the bar after insisting on wearing a hijab during the ceremony.Amasa Firdaus, who graduated from Ilorin University, was denied entry to the hall in the capital, Abuja, where the ceremony took place.She refused to remove her hijab, insisting instead on wearing the wig on top of her headscarf, local media say.This was deemed as going against the dress code set by her law school, the university says.Ms Firdaus described the actions of the Nigerian law school as "a violation of her rights", according to reports.The case has attracted significant attention on social media.A female Instagram user said Ms Firdaus was within her rights. She was my sis roommate and i knee her using hijab, its her right.This isn't too much, I wonder what type of country we find ourselves in. Why won't they call her to bar cos she used a small hijab. Wen did dressing in a modest way become a crime. #istandwithfirdaus #justiceforfirdaus #justiceleague #callfirdausa #muslimnotterroristA post shared by Araba Fatimah T (@araba_temitope) on Dec 15, 2017 at 1:18am PSTEnd of Instagram post by araba_temitopeOne Twitter user, Juliet 'Kego, said it was an example of sexism in Nigerian society. However, Tobechukwu Ekwunife said Ms Firdaus should respect the no-hijab rules of the law school.The University of Ilorin is a federal university in the western Nigerian state of Kwara, 162 miles (261 km) from Lagos. 
941713629354840064	2017-12-15 16:56:40	https://t.co/pQVgLDum1i	Trump tells FBI: 'I have your back 100%' https://t.co/pQVgLDum1i	US President Donald Trump has said he supports the FBI "100%", less than an hour after criticising the agency. During a speech at the FBI National Academy's graduation in Virginia, Mr Trump heaped praise on the agency, saying it was full of "great people". His visit comes only days after he described the agency as "in tatters" and "the worst in history".Before travelling to the FBI campus on Friday, Mr Trump said people were "very angry" with the agency's actions."The president of the United States has your back 100%," he said later at the graduation ceremony in Quantico, Virginia. "By the way, you are great people," he added. "I'd say like 90% are great, right? The other 10%, that's not working out so well."Earlier this month, Mr Trump lambasted the agency and its former director, James Comey, whom he fired in May. On his way to Quantico on Friday morning, Mr Trump struck a different tone, telling reporters that "its a shame what's happened with the FBI".He appeared to refer to recent reports that two FBI agents had privately exchanged text messages during the 2016 election, which included disparaging remarks about then-candidate Mr Trump.Republicans have claimed that the text exchange proves an anti-Trump bias in the special investigation being led by former FBI director Robert Mueller, who is examining possible campaign collusion with Russia and meddling in the US election process. Mr Trump denies that his team colluded with Russia to get him elected.The two agents also reportedly insulted Democrats Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton, as well as other prominent political figures, according to the contents of the text messages released to US Congress and obtained by US media. FBI regulations state that agents are permitted to express opinions "as an individual privately and publicly on political subjects and candidates"."Immediately upon learning of the allegations, the special counsel's office removed [FBI agent] Peter Strzok from the investigation," said a spokesman for Mr Mueller earlier this month, referring to one of the agents in question.Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein defended the integrity of the Mueller investigation at a congressional hearing on Wednesday, saying: "We recognise we have employees with political opinions but it's our job to make sure those views... are not in any way a factor in how they conduct themselves in office."In his remarks, Mr Trump also called for the death penalty for anyone who murders a police officer, and for Congress to reform the immigration process, which he blamed for recent attacks in New York City."With me as your president, America's police will have a true friend and loyal champion in the White House - more loyal than anyone else can be," he vowed.He also said immigrants who enter the US through visa lotteries are "the worst of the worst". 
941709544459259904	2017-12-15 16:40:26	https://t.co/JJDiE4dzMu	"His rule has split South Africa down the middle": Why it could soon be the end of an era for Jacob Zuma… https://t.co/JJDiE4dzMu	 Il modo più veloce per condividere un Tweet di qualcun altro con chi ti segue è con un Retweet. Toccare l'icona per inviarlo istantaneamente. Aggiungi le tue osservazioni su qualsiasi Tweet con una risposta. Trova un argomento che ti appassiona, e seguilo. Ottenere una visione istantanea di quello che la gente sta parlando ora. Seguire più account per ottenere aggiornamenti in tempo reale su argomenti che ti interessano. Vedere le ultime conversazioni su qualsiasi argomento all'istante. Aggiornati immediatamente sulle migliori storie man mano che si svolgono. "His rule has split South Africa down the middle": Why it could soon be the end of an era for Jacob Zuma http://bbc.in/2ywnbat pic.twitter.com/OCrEYwWvvmBy the end of the 19th century, South Africa had been completely colonized by European Powers who drove many Africans from their homes. Society was heavily divided between Dutch and African. with parliament passing many bills to insure that whites would remain in powerhttps://goo.gl/QVfnuG A vote for this bill is a vote against hardworking middle class AmericansReminds me of a leader close to homehttps://youtu.be/LZSoP5LzsPE My first thought are- white genocide.Another sit-tight leaderSouth Africa could do with many more amazing leaders such as this and that but absolutely thank you Mr. Jacob Zuma. I hope to say that soon personally Mandela was for the people, Zuma was for himself. What a shame. Torna su ↑ Twitter potrebbe essere sovraccarico o avere un problema temporaneo. Riprova o visita Twitter Status per ulteriori informazioni. 
941703833394270208	2017-12-15 16:17:44	https://t.co/nD1bYnvOkG	Two Palestinians killed in fresh clashes with Israel https://t.co/nD1bYnvOkG	Three Palestinians have died in Gaza during clashes with Israeli troops near the border, Palestinian officials say.More than 100 were hurt in Gaza and the occupied West Bank amid fresh protests over Donald Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital. In the West Bank, an Israeli policeman was wounded in a Palestinian knife-attack. The attacker was shot and died in hospital later.Violence has soared since Mr Trump's declaration on the contested city.Israel regards the whole of Jerusalem as its indivisible capital, while Palestinians claim the eastern sector - occupied by Israel since 1967 - as the capital of a future state.Mr Trump's affirmation of the Israeli position was condemned across the Arab and Muslim world, and hailed in Israel.His announcement marked the end of decades of official US neutrality on the issue. Palestinian medical sources say the men were shot dead on the eastern and northern borders of the Gaza Strip.The Israeli Defense Forces (IDF) said they were investigating the reports.Clashes erupted following Muslim Friday prayers, as Palestinian demonstrators lit tyres and threw stones at Israeli troops, who fired tear gas and live rounds across the West Bank and over the border with the Gaza Strip, reports say.On the outskirts of the West Bank city of Ramallah, a Palestinian stabbed a border policeman before the attacker was shot and wounded, police say. Spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said police were investigating reports that the attacker may have been wearing an explosive vest. Palestinian medics later said it had been fake, Reuters news agency reports.Friday's deaths bring to eight the number of Palestinians killed in an escalation of violence with Israel since Mr Trump's declaration on 6 December.Two of the dead were militants were killed in Gaza on Tuesday when explosives they were transporting reportedly went off accidentally. Israel denied any involvement.As well as clashes on the ground over the past week, several rockets have been fired from Gaza into Israel, which has responded with air strikes on militant facilities there.
941699599080804354	2017-12-15 16:00:55	https://t.co/xaRi0PGqni	China investigates attack on South Korea photographer https://t.co/xaRi0PGqni	China says it is investigating an incident that saw a South Korean photographer beaten during a visit by President Moon Jae-in.The photographer, who was thrown to the ground and kicked, reportedly suffered fractured bones in his face and ruptured vessels in an eye.It has caused anger in South Korea, where the main opposition has called for Mr Moon to cut short his visit.Koreans also say Chinese leaders have repeatedly snubbed Mr Moon.President Moon's visit was intended to improve relations, which had cooled after South Korea agreed to have a US missile defence system located on its territory to defend against possible attack from North Korea. China says it is a threat to its security.China's retaliatory measures included trade sanctions and a reported ban on K-pop concerts.The attack on the South Korean photographer took place on Thursday as Chinese security prevented South Korean photographers from following Mr Moon's delegation at a trade show in Beijing.He and another photographer, who was less seriously hurt, were due to return to South Korea on Friday for further treatment.Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Lu Kang said there was "concern" at the injury but added that the event had been organised by South Korea, which had also hired the security guards.The South Koreans should have "found an equilibrium" between the media's needs and the guards' "professional requirements... [to] sufficiently guarantee the safety and dignity of the people they protect", Mr Lu said.South Korean politicians, media and social media users have all expressed fury at the incident, as well as what they see as a series of diplomatic slights.Mr Moon had his first three meals in China without any Chinese officials present, a lunch with Chinese Premier Li Keqiang was cancelled and he was met off the plane by an assistant minister, unlike other regional leaders, South Korean media said.Kim Dong-cheol, leader of the second-largest opposition People's Party, said the visit had so far been a "series of mistreatments, humiliations and shames".The country's biggest newspaper, Chosun Ilbo, said the "lynching" and Mr Moon's treatment were intentional and caused by Chinese "arrogance" and Seoul's "subservient attitude".However Mr Moon, Chinese President Xi Jinping and Premier Li have all said they are ready to reset ties."Both sides are looking forward to the warmth of the springtime," said Mr Li.
941690496736514048	2017-12-15 15:24:44	https://t.co/lfEyTna3hg	Japan court rules father legally responsible for secret IVF child https://t.co/lfEyTna3hg	A Japanese court has ruled a father legally responsible for a child who was born after his ex-partner impregnated herself with a frozen embryo without his knowledge. The man conceded he was the biological father of the two-year-old girl.But he disputed his legal paternity status because he had no say in whether she would be born.Although the couple had separated a year and a half before the girl was born, they were still married.The man had already fathered a son by in-vitro fertilisation with his then-partner.After the couple split, the mother then chose to become pregnant with a frozen embryo.The man filed a lawsuit in an attempt to void the parental relationship.But the court in Nara Prefecture ruled that, under Japanese law, the husband is presumed to be the father if the wife falls pregnant during the marriage - and the fact that they were separated did not matter.The Japan Times reports that clinic staff told the court they assumed both parents consented to the second pregnancy, because they had not requested for the frozen embryo to be disposed of.The couple have since divorced.
941684164927066113	2017-12-15 14:59:35	https://t.co/MFONqmbw68	Brexit: EU leaders agree to move talks to next stage https://t.co/MFONqmbw68	EU leaders have agreed to move Brexit talks on to the second phase but called for "further clarity" from the UK about the future relationship it wants.The first issue to be discussed, early next year, will be the details of an expected two-year transition period after the UK's exit in March 2019.Talks on trade and security co-operation are set to follow in March.Theresa May hailed an "important step" on the road but Germany's Angela Merkel said it would get "even tougher".Donald Tusk, the president of the European Council, broke the news that the 27 EU leaders were happy to move on to phase two after they met in Brussels.He congratulated Mrs May on reaching this stage and said the EU would begin internal preparations for the next phase right now as well as "exploratory contacts with the UK to get more clarity on their vision". While securing a deal in time for the UK's exit in March 2019 was realistic, he suggested that the next phase would be "more challenging and more demanding". Mrs May said the two sides would begin discussions on future relations straight away and hoped for "rapid progress" on a transitional phase to "give certainty" to business."This is an important step on the road to delivering the smooth and orderly Brexit that people voted for in June 2016," she said. "The UK and EU have shown what can be achieved with commitment and perseverance on both sides." Labour's international trade spokesman, Barry Gardiner, welcomed the move forward, but said it would be a "real problem" for business if the EU didn't start talking trade for a further three months.He also said his party would not put a time limit on a post-Brexit transition phase, as the expected two-year period would be "extremely tight".The EU has published its guidelines for phase two of the negotiations, with discussions on future economic co-operation not likely to begin until March. The three-page document says the UK will remain under the jurisdiction of the European Court of Justice and be required to permit freedom of movement during any transition period.And agreements on the Irish border, the so-called divorce bill and the rights of EU and UK citizens, agreed by Mrs May last Friday, must be "respected in full and translated faithfully into legal terms as quickly as possible".The document says: "As the UK will continue to participate in the customs union and the single market during the transition, it will have to continue to comply with EU trade policy."While the EU is willing to engage in "preliminary and preparatory discussions" on trade as part of building a "close partnership" after the UK's departure, this means any formal agreement "can only be finalised and concluded once the UK has become a third country".By the BBC's political editor Laura KuenssbergAfter the six months she has had, Theresa May might be entitled to breathe a sigh of relief, as the European Council officially declared that the first phase of our long goodbye from the European Union is over.Stand back from the daily dramas and perhaps it was always bound to happen.Both sides are committed to getting an agreement.The EU and the UK both want a deal to be done, and while there has, inevitably, been grumpiness on both sides, they have, in the main, dealt with each other in good faith.The document "calls on the UK to provide further clarity on its position on the framework for the future relationship".But in a passage added during the past week, it invites the EU's Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier to "continue internal preparatory discussions" on future relations rather than having to wait until March to do so.Sources have told the BBC that the government is highly likely to accept an amendment to the EU Withdrawal Bill next week to see off another potential Commons defeat for Theresa May. Conservative rebels have been concerned about plans to put the Brexit date and time - 11pm on 29 March 2019 - into law. Backbenchers, including former minister Oliver Letwin, have tabled an amendment, suggesting a change to the legislation. Ministers are likely to accept their plan, which is a change that some of the potential rebels have been asking for, the BBC understands. Senior sources are confident they can see off a defeat, after No 10 said there were no plans to take the date out of the bill. Responding to the reports, Shadow Brexit secretary Sir Keir Starmer wrote on Twitter: "After a car-crash defeat on Brexit vote, rumours that PM will now U-turn on gimmick exit day amendment: forced to get a Tory MP to amend her own amendment before its put to the vote!"European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said the EU's initial priority was to "formalise the agreement" that had already been reached before moving forward, adding "the second phase will be significantly harder and the first was very difficult".Praising Mrs May as a "tough, smart and polite" negotiator, he said he was "entirely convinced" that the final agreement reached would be approved by the UK and European Parliaments. Giving his response, French President Emmanuel Macron said that in moving forward the EU had maintained its unity, protected the integrity of the single market and ensured "compliance with our own rules".Mrs May is set to discuss her vision of the "end state" for the UK outside the EU at a cabinet meeting on Tuesday, having suffered her first Commons Brexit defeat earlier this week. 
941682763811483649	2017-12-15 14:54:01	https://t.co/qXPE2LZXBA	Could Russia cut undersea communication cables? And what happens if they do? https://t.co/qXPE2LZXBA https://t.co/ocHn9oknxg	The UK's top military officer has warned that Russia could strike a "catastrophic" blow to the economy by targeting communications and internet cables that run under the sea. Air Chief Marshal Sir Stuart Peach, the chief of the defence staff, said the lines could potentially be cut or disrupted.The suggestion raises several questions: They provide internet and communications links between separate countries and continents.The full network of around 428 cables spans 683,508 miles (1.1 million km), circling the globe. Huge quantities of data fly around under the waves, in cables filled with fibre optics - strands of glass as thin as a sheet of paper. Unfortunately, while their technology is reliable, these pivotal cables are physically fragile. The fibres are encased in steel wire and then coasted in plastic - but many cables are still only around 3cm in diameter.Natural disasters can damage them and even a ship dropping anchor can sever a cord. That's happened before at the port of Alexandria in Egypt, straining connections between Europe, Africa and Asia.The BBC's defence correspondent, Jonathan Beale, says fears of Russia cutting, disrupting or "wire-tapping" undersea communication lines are growing. Defence and intelligence chiefs cite the country's modernised navy, increased submarine activity and willingness to use information warfare. Russian subs are increasingly present in the North Atlantic, particularly the GIUK Gap, a strip of ocean between Greenland, Iceland, and the UK. Air Chief Marshal Peach is flagging up that Britain and its Nato allies lack the subs, ships and aircraft to sustain constant vigilance.Our correspondent notes that the UK will get new Maritime Patrol Aircraft within the next decade, but until then is reliant on Nato support to spot subs. Nato's former top military chief, Admiral James G Stavridis, is also concerned. "We've allowed this vital infrastructure to grow increasingly vulnerable and this should worry us all," he said recently.Keir Giles, an expert in Russian information warfare who works with the Chatham House think tank, stresses that this is not a new concern. He thinks it's unlikely to happen as the economic fallout would also affect Russia "but it is definitely a scenario for which they are practising". And if it did happen, the damage would be considerable."The fact that people wouldn't be able to log on to Facebook would be just a tiny, tiny aspect of all the disruption that would be caused if these cables were interfered with," says Mr Giles. "International trading and financial transactions are managed across sub-sea cables. The economic impact would be enormous and immediate." He believes Russia is conflict-proofing itself, "seeking to reduce its reliance on the correct functioning of the internet by setting up its own parallel systems", and rehearsing for what would happen if its internet connection collapsed.Russia is not the only nation with an interest in undersea cables. During the Cold War, for example, the US attached a recording device to a Soviet cable to learn more about the USSR's submarine and missile capabilities.However, Mr Giles says it's the only state "with an intensive programme looking at ways of isolating targets from information".Has Russia attempted to disrupt UK cables in the past? We can't be sure - it's classified. Information control, in short."They are probing the vulnerabilities of civilian communications infrastructure," Mr Giles says. "You can't see what they're doing underwater. You can see what they're doing on land or with satellites. "What Russia learned from Crimea is that in order to take over communications for a target area you don't need expensive cyber weapons, you don't need noisy and disruptive techniques like denial of service attacks."All you need is physical access to the communications infrastructure and telecommunications expertise embedded with your special forces."They've been looking everywhere. They've been looking on land in the United States, they've been looking on land in eastern Europe... Anywhere that might in future be in an adversarial relationship with Russia should be concerned about this fixation that they have on achieving information dominance." 
941672208363065345	2017-12-15 14:12:04	https://t.co/6MIwG3tzHQ	Teruel Spain: Arrest made after murder of police officers https://t.co/6MIwG3tzHQ	A man suspected of killing three people in Spain on Thursday has been arrested.Norbert Feher, a Serbian national also known as Igor Vaclavic, is the prime suspect in the killing of two Spanish police officers and a farmer in the north-eastern region of Aragon on Thursday.Mr Feher is suspected of at least three other murders in Italy.He was previously imprisoned in Italy for eight years and is wanted by Interpol.Commonly known as Igor the Russian, Mr Feher is suspected of murdering two Civil Guards, Víctor Romero Pérez and Víctor Jesús Caballero Espinosa, along with a local farmer, José Luis Iranzo.Police sources told Spanish newspaper El País he had already attacked several houses, injuring two people and killing a dog, on 5 December.. An expert in martial arts and firearms, he is suspected by Italian police of several violent crimes. including murder, in the northern region of Emilia-Romagna and in the city of Bologna.In April, he was the subject of a 1,000-person manhunt in Emilia-Romagna after his alleged crimes there.Until Thursday afternoon, the Spanish Civil Guard had been working with the Italian police to locate the suspect, who was believed to be living in Malaga in the south of Spain.The reason why Mr Feher was in Aragon is as yet unclear.He was detained on Friday morning after a traffic accident in the province of Teruel in Aragon in the north-east of Spain.
941668065267372032	2017-12-15 13:55:36	https://t.co/6IEvyV6ZQ5	'Catastrophic blow' https://t.co/6IEvyV6ZQ5	The UK's top military officer has warned that Russia could strike a "catastrophic" blow to the economy by targeting communications and internet cables that run under the sea. Air Chief Marshal Sir Stuart Peach, the chief of the defence staff, said the lines could potentially be cut or disrupted.The suggestion raises several questions: They provide internet and communications links between separate countries and continents.The full network of around 428 cables spans 683,508 miles (1.1 million km), circling the globe. Huge quantities of data fly around under the waves, in cables filled with fibre optics - strands of glass as thin as a sheet of paper. Unfortunately, while their technology is reliable, these pivotal cables are physically fragile. The fibres are encased in steel wire and then coasted in plastic - but many cables are still only around 3cm in diameter.Natural disasters can damage them and even a ship dropping anchor can sever a cord. That's happened before at the port of Alexandria in Egypt, straining connections between Europe, Africa and Asia.The BBC's defence correspondent, Jonathan Beale, says fears of Russia cutting, disrupting or "wire-tapping" undersea communication lines are growing. Defence and intelligence chiefs cite the country's modernised navy, increased submarine activity and willingness to use information warfare. Russian subs are increasingly present in the North Atlantic, particularly the GIUK Gap, a strip of ocean between Greenland, Iceland, and the UK. Air Chief Marshal Peach is flagging up that Britain and its Nato allies lack the subs, ships and aircraft to sustain constant vigilance.Our correspondent notes that the UK will get new Maritime Patrol Aircraft within the next decade, but until then is reliant on Nato support to spot subs. Nato's former top military chief, Admiral James G Stavridis, is also concerned. "We've allowed this vital infrastructure to grow increasingly vulnerable and this should worry us all," he said recently.Keir Giles, an expert in Russian information warfare who works with the Chatham House think tank, stresses that this is not a new concern. He thinks it's unlikely to happen as the economic fallout would also affect Russia "but it is definitely a scenario for which they are practising". And if it did happen, the damage would be considerable."The fact that people wouldn't be able to log on to Facebook would be just a tiny, tiny aspect of all the disruption that would be caused if these cables were interfered with," says Mr Giles. "International trading and financial transactions are managed across sub-sea cables. The economic impact would be enormous and immediate." He believes Russia is conflict-proofing itself, "seeking to reduce its reliance on the correct functioning of the internet by setting up its own parallel systems", and rehearsing for what would happen if its internet connection collapsed.Russia is not the only nation with an interest in undersea cables. During the Cold War, for example, the US attached a recording device to a Soviet cable to learn more about the USSR's submarine and missile capabilities.However, Mr Giles says it's the only state "with an intensive programme looking at ways of isolating targets from information".Has Russia attempted to disrupt UK cables in the past? We can't be sure - it's classified. Information control, in short."They are probing the vulnerabilities of civilian communications infrastructure," Mr Giles says. "You can't see what they're doing underwater. You can see what they're doing on land or with satellites. "What Russia learned from Crimea is that in order to take over communications for a target area you don't need expensive cyber weapons, you don't need noisy and disruptive techniques like denial of service attacks."All you need is physical access to the communications infrastructure and telecommunications expertise embedded with your special forces."They've been looking everywhere. They've been looking on land in the United States, they've been looking on land in eastern Europe... Anywhere that might in future be in an adversarial relationship with Russia should be concerned about this fixation that they have on achieving information dominance." 
941667236711927808	2017-12-15 13:52:19	https://t.co/tWBeSYtYQg	Sea lion attacks swimmer in San Francisco Bay https://t.co/tWBeSYtYQg	A man swimming in San Francisco Bay has suffered a serious arm injury after being bitten by a sea lion, officials have said.The incident occurred in the Aquatic Park area on Thursday afternoon.People on a passing sailboat witnessed the attack and rescued the 56-year-old man, who was treated for a "serious extremity injury".Such attacks are rare, although swimmers have reported incidents in the bay in the past."He was swimming and said a sea lion came up to him and he splashed water on it and it didn't work," Matthew Reiter of the San Francisco Police Department's Marine Unit told Fox News."He yelled at it and then the sea lion came up and bit him on the arm".After taking the man on board, the people on the sailboat called the coast guard and the man was taken to hospital for treatment."I mean, the boat saved his life," Mr Reiter, who applied the tourniquet, said."If the boat hadn't been there, who knows what would have happened."Dr Claire Simeon, a vet with the Marine Mammal Center, told CBS SF Bay Area that her research had shown San Francisco swimmers reporting 10 incidents in the area over three years.There were no patterns and swimmers had not appeared to provoke the animals, she said, adding that people should still feel they could go swimming, as long as they maintained a safe distance.In May, a sea lion pulled a young girl into the water at Steveston Fisherman's Wharf in Richmond, western Canada.
941653885717856257	2017-12-15 12:59:16	https://t.co/mEYOrMIHRm	"Quite significant progress made" but next phase of EU-UK talks "even tougher" - German Chancellor Angela Merkel on… https://t.co/mEYOrMIHRm	 Il modo più veloce per condividere un Tweet di qualcun altro con chi ti segue è con un Retweet. Toccare l'icona per inviarlo istantaneamente. Aggiungi le tue osservazioni su qualsiasi Tweet con una risposta. Trova un argomento che ti appassiona, e seguilo. Ottenere una visione istantanea di quello che la gente sta parlando ora. Seguire più account per ottenere aggiornamenti in tempo reale su argomenti che ti interessano. Vedere le ultime conversazioni su qualsiasi argomento all'istante. Aggiornati immediatamente sulle migliori storie man mano che si svolgono. "Quite significant progress made" but next phase of EU-UK talks "even tougher" - German Chancellor Angela Merkel on #Brexit http://bbc.in/2yzrDoK pic.twitter.com/sHAveJccvxBritish GOV does not have the right to decide the destiny of over 70 million Biafrans. #SelfDetermination is a universal right. Allow #BiafraReferendum #BiafraExit #FreeBiafra #Biafra #IPOB #NnamdiKanuhttp://dailypost.ng/2017/12/15/biafra-british-government-speaks-support-ipob-restructuring/#.WjO9-HLXqXA.twitter …pic.twitter.com/yp7shg94X2If you're working class and support Brexit, prepare yourself for the ultimate, absolute betrayalProgress is progress, better than stalemate, any time.Don’t think we should be taking any lectures from a woman rejected by voters and can’t even form a government.What's Merkel's game. This isn't Mastermind or University Challenge ffs.Get it done. Everyone should be responsible and live on their own merits.https://goo.gl/QVfnuG 12 15 16 17 In the next phase Theresa re"May"ner will probably offer more money settlement , extend citizenship to foreigners to 10 million and accept unlimited new laws imposed on us by Herr MerkelDon't be daft, we've been assured that it will be a piece of cake!They would say that wouldn’t they. Germany export to GB £71Billion. France £35Billion. Time will tellDoes UK now need a smooth negotiator with an eye for detail? Just in case we cannot #StopBrexit@GMA @POTUS @esa @NASA #foxandfriends #GMA #CNN #FoxNews #PBSNews #BBCNews #FRANCE24 #POTUS #CBSThisMorning #esa #NASA In an ever changing world Angela Merkel could not see the changes coming both with China and India and the problem with Muslims in the EUpic.twitter.com/1wZ5bIiPYzIs that a euphemism for we will allow you to leave with a deal suitable only to the EU ?The fuehrer seems to be trying to divert attention from her domestic problems caused by unregulated immigration. Hopefully Germans will see through this ruse. She caused the refugee and economic migrant problem by inviting these parasites in in the first place.You can see the defeat and depression on her face knowing she ruined the entire European Union. Not just her country. Torna su ↑ Twitter potrebbe essere sovraccarico o avere un problema temporaneo. Riprova o visita Twitter Status per ulteriori informazioni. 
941646037323780096	2017-12-15 12:28:04	https://t.co/Jhn6mYjPdO	Charlottesville: James Alex Fields Jr faces life in prison https://t.co/Jhn6mYjPdO	A man suspected of killing a woman near a white supremacist rally in Virginia in August is facing a possible life sentence after charges against him were upgraded to first-degree murder.Charges against James Alex Fields Jr were confirmed in an emotional hearing.He is accused of ramming his car into anti-fascism protesters, killing Heather Heyer and injuring 35 others.The incident followed violent protests in Charlottesville over the removal of the statue of a Civil War general.Mr Fields is said to have harboured Nazi sympathies.State District Court Judge Robert H Downer Jr said the court case could proceed, and upgraded the murder charge against him from second-degree to first-degree. Other lesser charges against the suspect were certified.Prosecutors will now seek an indictment before a Grand Jury on Monday.If found guilty, Mr Fields faces between 20 years and life imprisonment. Second-degree murder carries a maximum sentence of 40 years.Under most US jurisdictions, first-degree murder implies that an attack is premeditated and planned, whereas second-degree murder suggests no premeditation.The parents of Heather Heyer, 32, as well as victims of the attack, attended the preliminary hearing.Many became emotional as prosecutors played two previously unseen graphic videos of the attack.One victim, Marcus Martin, swore out loud and stormed out of the courtroom.Mr Fields showed no reaction to the videos or testimony.Hundreds of white nationalists convened in Charlottesville on 12 August to protest against the removal of a statue of Gen Robert E Lee, who had fought for the pro-slavery Confederacy during the US Civil War.These groups, which include the Ku Klux Klan, Neo-Nazis and other white supremacy organisations, have coalesced under a banner of the so-called "alt-right" movement.They were challenged by anti-fascist and counter-protesters and the rally erupted into violent clashes.During the melee, Ms Heyer was struck by a car that rammed into a crowd of dispersing counter-protesters.
941637952102391809	2017-12-15 11:55:57	https://t.co/NGlyuF1gSt	Indian carol singers arrested after 'conversion' complaint https://t.co/NGlyuF1gSt	Six carol singers have been arrested in the central Indian state of Madhya Pradesh after a man accused them of trying to convert him to Christianity.The state has some of the strictest anti-conversion laws in India.One of those arrested was a professor at a Catholic theological college. The group said it was only visiting villages to sing songs.A car used by the carol singers was also set on fire, allegedly by right-wing activists.Police have also filed a case against those accused of torching the car.In the complaint, the resident said that the group, including the professor, had previously asked him to "worship Jesus Christ" and had offered him money to convert. However, the Catholic Bishops' Conference denied the allegations of forced conversions, saying the group was there just to sing Christmas carols. In Madhya Pradesh, which is governed by the Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party, people need to give formal notice in advance to the authorities to change religion.Some Christians say this leaves villagers open to harassment by Hindu right-wing groups.In recent years, the state has seen a surge in allegations about the harassment and intimidation of religious minorities.
941633439647916032	2017-12-15 11:38:01	https://t.co/CnKrG02tyG	Gebel al-Silsila: Ancient child burials found in Egypt https://t.co/CnKrG02tyG	Four intact child burials made more than 3,000 years ago are among a series of recent discoveries near the Egyptian city of Aswan, officials say.One of the burials found by a Swedish-Egyptian team still had the linen used to mummify it, antiquities ministry head Dr Ayman Ashmawy said.The burials date from Egypt's 18th dynasty (1549/1550-1292 BC).Meanwhile an Egyptian-Austrian team discovered part of a cemetery and a Swiss team found a statue of a woman.The burials were found by archaeologists at the Gebel al-Silsila site. One was a tomb carved into rock for a child aged between two and three. In addition to the mummy linen, organic material from the remains of a wooden coffin was also found.Objects including amulets and a set of pottery were found in both the second burial - for a child aged between six and nine in a wooden coffin - and the third - for a child between five and eight. The fourth burial was also for a child of between five and eight.The new discovery would shed more light on burial customs as well as people's social, economic and religious life during the 18th dynasty, also known as the Thutmosid period. said Dr Maria Nilsson, head of the Swedish mission.So far 69 tombs have been found at the Gebel al-Silsila site, less than half of which have been excavated, Dr Nilson told the BBC. Most of the excavated tombs had already been plundered during antiquity, she said.Meanwhile an Egyptian-Austrian team working at a hill in Kom Ombo town uncovered part of a cemetery dating back to Egypt's First Intermediate period more than 4,000 years ago.Many of the mud-brick tombs contained pottery and other funeral items, mission head Dr Irene Foster said. She said the remains of a town dating back to the Old Kingdom (2613-2181 BC) were found below the cemetery and included a ceiling impression of King Sahure from the 5th Dynasty (2494-2345 BC).The third find in the area was that of an incomplete statue dating back to the Greco-Roman era. It was found in Aswan by an Egyptian-Swiss mission.The statue of a headless woman missing her feet and right hand was carved in limestone and is about 35cm (14in) tall.Local antiquities head Abdel Moneim Saeed said the dress worn by the figure had similarities to that worn by the Greek goddess Artemis.
941618857776644097	2017-12-15 10:40:04	https://t.co/i9wI3It4Q7	Where are the undersea cables that are "at risk" of being cut or disrupted by Russia? https://t.co/i9wI3It4Q7 https://t.co/m8ZdogUlsx	The UK's most senior military officer has warned of a new threat posed by Russia to communications and internet cables that run under the sea. Air Chief Marshal Sir Stuart Peach, the chief of the defence staff, said Britain and Nato needed to prioritise protecting the lines of communication.He said it would "immediately and potentially catastrophically" hit the economy if they were cut or disrupted.The cables criss-cross the seabed, connecting up countries and continents.The world's submarine network comprises an estimated 213 independent cable systems and 545,018 miles (877,121 km) of fibre, according to a recent report for the Policy Exchange think tank.But it said a lack of formal state ownership meant cables do not have strong protection in international law.Despite that, an estimated 97% of global communications and $10 trillion in daily financial transactions are transmitted by cables under the ocean.Speaking to the Royal United Services Institute defence think tank, Sir Stuart said the vulnerability of undersea lines posed a "new risk to our way of life".He said Nato had prioritised the protection of the cables "in response to the threat posed by the modernisation of the Russian navy, both nuclear and conventional submarines and ships". He said it was "very, very important" to understand how crucial that mission was for Nato, "because Russia in addition to new ships and submarines continues to perfect both unconventional capabilities and information warfare."The UK and its allies needed to "match and understand Russian fleet modernisation", he added.By Jonathan Beale, BBC defence correspondentFears of Russia cutting, disrupting or "wire tapping" undersea communication lines are growing. Defence and intelligence chiefs see not just increased Russian submarine activity, but its willingness to use unconventional asymmetric warfare. In highlighting this threat, Air Chief Marshall Peach was admitting Britain and its Nato allies were ill-prepared to deal with the prospect of such an attack. There's been a significant increase in Russian submarine activity in the North Atlantic, particularly the GIUK (Greenland, Iceland and the UK) gap.Britain certainly doesn't have enough ships, submarines and aircraft to mount a constant watch. The UK will be getting new maritime patrol aircraft in the next decade, but for now has had to rely on the help of other Nato aircraft to hunt down submarines. Nato's former top military Chief Admiral Stavridis recently said: "We've allowed this vital infrastructure to grow increasingly vulnerable and this should worry us all."Sir Stuart said: "There is a new risk to our way of life, which is the vulnerability of the cables that criss-cross the seabeds."Can you imagine a scenario where those cables are cut or disrupted, which would immediately and potentially catastrophically affect both our economy and other ways of living."According to the Policy Exchange report - published earlier this month - many cable systems are potentially at risk. "Undersea cables are the indispensable infrastructure of our time, essential to our modern life and digital economy, yet they are inadequately protected and highly vulnerable to attack at sea and on land, from both hostile states and terrorists," the report concluded.Conservative MP Rishi Sunak, author of the report, warned a successful attack on the UK's network of undersea communications cables could deal a "crippling blow" to the country's security and economy.He said the locations of the cables were "both isolated and publicly available" and a successful attack would be an "existential threat to our security".Writing a foreword to the document, Admiral James Stavridis, a former US Navy officer and ex-Nato supreme allied commander, said: "It is not satellites in the sky, but pipes on the ocean floor that form the backbone of the world's economy."He also warned of a potential threat from China and Iran, as well as Russia.He called for the creation of more "dark cables", to be kept in reserve, and said Nato must be prepared to defend global submarine cables, if necessary.It comes after a ship dragging its anchor cut three undersea internet cables connecting the Channel Islands to the UK last year.It resulted in slower internet connections and phone problems across the islands.The internet has been the driving innovation of 21st Century life but the world started to become "connected" more than 160 years ago.The race to lay an undersea or "submarine" cable began soon after the first telegraph signal was sent in the 1830s. By 1850 Britain and France were linked. Archaeologist Cassie Newland, who last year curated an exhibition at London's Guildhall Art Gallery on the laying of a transatlantic cable in 1856, has described the efforts as the "talk of the age, the Victorian equivalent of the Apollo mission".The London-based Atlantic Telegraph Company had backing from the British and US governments and two Navy vessels started to lay a copper cable insulated in the natural plastic gutta-percha on a 2,300 miles route between the west coast of Ireland and Newfoundland. It was not until August 1858 that they were successful, an achievement marked by Queen Victoria sending the first transatlantic message to US President James Buchanan.By 1870, there was a cable between Britain and India, and Australia followed two years later. The whole world was connected in 1902 with the laying of cables spanning the 6,000 miles between Manila and San Francisco.Investment in undersea cables did not, of course, stop and the fibre-optic lines of today carry more than 97% of all communication traffic.
941614632036421632	2017-12-15 10:23:17	https://t.co/MROSyUqCRL	Zuma's trials https://t.co/MROSyUqCRL	South Africa's President Jacob Zuma is about to find out who will replace him as leader of the ANC. It could soon be the end of an era for a man whose rule has split his country down the middle.Tap HERE to read more: 
941611150726324226	2017-12-15 10:09:27	https://t.co/UDj3xLS41K	Senegal air traffic control strike at new Dakar airport https://t.co/UDj3xLS41K	Flights at the new Dakar international airport in Senegal have been disrupted by an air traffic controllers' strike, just a week after it opened.The 24-hour strike, which began at midnight GMT on Thursday, is about working conditions. Hundreds of passengers have been affected.Several flights have been cancelled, others were re-routed to The Gambia. The Blaise Diagne International Airport cost more than $600m (£450m) to build, replacing an ageing facility.The government hopes that the new airport will boost economic growth, especially tourism, and become a regional hub for West Africa.Trade union leader Paul Francois Gomis told the BBC that staff wanted compensation for long travel times to the airport, which is 50km (30 miles) from the capital, halfway between Dakar and Senegal's main beach resorts.Mr Gomis also said that the 60 air traffic controllers had not been trained in the use of new equipment in the new control tower.Sane Op Debeeke told the BBC she was waiting for a flight to Brussels:"There is no information. That's the worst part. We would like to know when the strike will end. Then we can decide what to do next. My parents back home are worried."
941608777748500480	2017-12-15 10:00:01	https://t.co/KoHcQj0Rv7	The Geminid meteor shower has illuminated the night sky with a huge display of shooting stars. But in case you mi… https://t.co/KoHcQj0Rv7	 Il modo più veloce per condividere un Tweet di qualcun altro con chi ti segue è con un Retweet. Toccare l'icona per inviarlo istantaneamente. Aggiungi le tue osservazioni su qualsiasi Tweet con una risposta. Trova un argomento che ti appassiona, e seguilo. Ottenere una visione istantanea di quello che la gente sta parlando ora. Seguire più account per ottenere aggiornamenti in tempo reale su argomenti che ti interessano. Vedere le ultime conversazioni su qualsiasi argomento all'istante. Aggiornati immediatamente sulle migliori storie man mano che si svolgono. The Geminid meteor shower has illuminated the night sky with a huge display of shooting stars. But in case you missed it, enjoy... pic.twitter.com/j0043w7dWhI LOVE SKY I can think of a few stars that need shootingIt was cloudy & snowy here in #US...missed itGLORY THANK YOU Yes! I saw one 2 nights ago! Was glorious!I looked at the night sky and didn't see anymore shooting stars than I usually see. I live in Antalya on the south coast of Turkey. We get very clear skies and we see lots of shooting stars on a regular basis. Every time there is a meteor shower forecast the media goes crazy.Shimmera weak meteor Beautiful!Por tu cumple están las Perseidas, una lluvia de fugaces que dura varios días. Seguramente las has vistoThat's it?BeautifulThat's what's been happening well numiv is a shooting Star of wealth check it outOne of them was North Korean ICBM on trial run.So thankful they burn up. Otherwise the story would be quite different than just a pretty sight.It is just so beautiful...I think that I saw one last nighthttps://theoryoflife16.blogspot.in/2017/12/theory-of-life-e44-best-quotes-by.html … Torna su ↑ Twitter potrebbe essere sovraccarico o avere un problema temporaneo. Riprova o visita Twitter Status per ulteriori informazioni. 
941602119395704832	2017-12-15 09:33:34	https://t.co/F5j1CVSQDY	Chinese man jailed for stamping on Genghis Khan portrait https://t.co/F5j1CVSQDY	A Chinese man has been jailed for a year for stamping on a portrait of Mongol ruler Genghis Khan, after being found guilty of inciting ethnic hatred.The court in China's Inner Mongolia region was told the man, identified by his surname Luo, had filmed himself trampling on the picture in May.The 19-year-old then circulated the video clip online, causing public discontent, according to reports.Genghis Khan remains a revered figure among ethnic Mongols. State news agency Xinhua said Luo had been found guilty of inciting ethnic hatred and ethnic discrimination by the court in Ordos city, in the autonomous region of Inner Mongolia where the incident took place.Citing a local public security bureau, news outlet The Paper reported that Luo had uploaded a video of himself "stomping and insulting" the portrait to popular video platform Kuaishou, and also circulated it widely to groups and friends on the WeChat messaging app.The move prompted a strong reaction and several police reports. Authorities have since removed the video.Luo apologised during his trial for harming public sentiment.Genghis Khan was orphaned at the age of nine and became undisputed Mongol leader in 1206. He went on to build a vast empire in north-east Asia in the 13th Century.
941600553494286336	2017-12-15 09:27:20	https://t.co/A30tZ9XpGa	'Youthquake' is OED's word of the year https://t.co/A30tZ9XpGa	Oxford Dictionaries has deemed "youthquake" the 2017 word of the year, reflecting what it calls a "political awakening" among millennial voters.It was first coined in the 1960s by Vogue editor Diana Vreeland, who used it to describe sudden changes in fashion, music and attitudes.Oxford Dictionaries said its use had seen a recent resurgence, to describe young people driving political change.Oxford Dictionaries' Casper Grathwohl said it was "not an obvious choice".But he said Youthquake's use in everyday speech had increased five-fold during 2017."In the UK, where it rose to prominence as a descriptor of the impact of the country's young people on its general election, calls it out as a word on the move," he said.Mr Grathwohl said youthquake's use in Britain peaked during the June general election, after polls delivered a better-than-expected result for the Labour party.Oxford Dictionaries said the word sounded a note of hope after what it described as a "difficult and divisive year".The word of the year is a word, or expression, that Oxford Dictionaries deems has "attracted a great deal of interest during the year to date" and is drawn from newspapers, books, blogs and transcripts of spoken English.Last year's word, "post-truth", was chosen after the 2016 Brexit vote and Donald Trump's victory in the US presidential election.The Oxford English Dictionary defines youthquake as the "series of radical political and cultural upheavals occurring among students and young people in the 1960s".
941598872190767104	2017-12-15 09:20:39	https://t.co/W72y93CPbP	Russian court finds ex-minister Ulyukayev guilty of bribery https://t.co/W72y93CPbP	A Moscow court has sentenced Russia's former Economy Minister Alexei Ulyukayev to eight years in a harsh-regime prison for bribery. He was also fined 130m roubles ($2.2m; £1.6m). He is the first minister to stand trial in Russia's recent history. Ulyukayev, 61, was arrested in 2016, accused of trying to extort $2m from state oil firm Rosneft to approve its purchase of another oil firm.He was accused by the Rosneft boss, who is close to President Vladimir Putin.Rosneft boss Igor Sechin was asked to testify but did not turn up. It was a security service sting operation involving Mr Sechin last November that put Mr Ulyukayev in the dock.Ulyukayev denied the charges and alleged he was framed.The verdict read out by the judge said Ulyukayev had "made use of his position in order to demand from Rosneft chief Sechin a bribe, in exchange for giving approval" for the purchase of state-owned Bashneft."At the same time he told Sechin he would in future obstruct the company's activities if it rebuffed him," the verdict added.Oleg Feoktistov, a former secret service officer who worked for Mr Sechin, testified that the bribery had taken place on the sidelines of a Brics forum in Goa, India. Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa form the Brics group."Using two fingers he indicated the sum he wanted to receive, which was equivalent to two million dollars," Mr Feoktistov said, citing what Mr Sechin had told him.By Steve Rosenberg, BBC correspondent in MoscowWith the Kremlin surrounded by a wall of secrecy, conflicts in the corridors of Russian power are often hidden from sight. The Ulyukayev trial has given a rare insight into political infighting in Moscow - into clashes between Kremlin clans. Ulyukayev was seen as an economic liberal; the man he claims framed him - Igor Sechin - is viewed as a hawk, a Putin ally who backs greater state control over the economy. Ulyukayev's conviction and imprisonment looks like a victory for Kremlin hardliners. It reinforces Mr Sechin's reputation as the second most powerful man in Russia after the president. But it risks causing an embarrassing split at the heart of Russian power. Ulyukayev was influential but not part of President Putin's inner circle.Mr Sechin's close ties to Mr Putin go back to the Soviet 1980s, when Mr Putin was a KGB officer. On Thursday Mr Putin shrugged off Mr Sechin's failure to testify in court.The president said the court had enough materials for the case, including information that Mr Sechin had provided.The case has highlighted rivalries at the apex of Russian politics, BBC Russian reports. Mr Sechin's version of events prevailed and inconsistencies have emerged in the case against Ulyukayev, BBC Russian reporter Sergei Goryashko says.Ulyukayev insisted he was innocent, saying he had no idea a bag given to him by Mr Sechin contained money. He said he thought it was expensive wine which, allegedly, Mr Sechin often presents to business partners along with speciality sausages, as gifts.According to former Kremlin public relations manager Gleb Pavlovsky, the case showed that "anyone with money can put anybody in jail" in today's Russia.
941596299291430912	2017-12-15 09:10:26	https://t.co/QhmVktDgyH	Australian sentenced to 46 years for torturing and killing niece https://t.co/QhmVktDgyH	An Australian man has been sentenced to the maximum sentence of 46 years for torturing and killing his 25-year old Chinese niece.Derek Barrett was found to have stabbed Mengmei Leng to death after binding her and taking naked photos of her.The judge described the crime as a "depraved and sadistic act" by a man the victim trusted. The 29-year old admitted murder but said he had been under the influence of drugs with no clear memory of the act.The court heard he bound and gagged his niece in April 2016 to take naked pictures of her. The judge said the crime was of "extreme violence and brutality, humiliating and terrifying", Australian broadcaster ABC reported.She said Barrett had been motivated by a "perverted sexual obsession with the victim".After killing her with multiple stab wounds, he then dumped the body in the water at Snapper Point on the New South Wales coast on 24 April last year. where it was later discovered.Ms Leng had been living with her aunt and Barrett in Sydney as a university student. 
941595328930861056	2017-12-15 09:06:35	https://t.co/HeqJFkfyga	Sonia Gandhi retires as India Congress party president https://t.co/HeqJFkfyga	The leader of India's main opposition Congress party, Sonia Gandhi, has retired from her post, the party confirmed on Thursday. Her son, Rahul Gandhi, has been elected unopposed as the new president and will officially take charge on Saturday.Mrs Gandhi, 71, has been the party president since 1998. She was elected to parliament in 1999.She is, however, not retiring from politics and will continue as a member of parliament, the party said. Mrs Gandhi entered politics in 1994 , three years after after her husband, former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi, was assassinated.Her power derived from being the head of the Nehru-Gandhi dynasty, which has led the Congress party and has ruled India for most of the years since it became an independent nation in 1947.After distancing herself from politics following her husband's death, Mrs Gandhi was initially seen as a reluctant and almost reclusive politician.Under her leadership, the party turned in its second-worst performance since independence in the 1999 elections, but won the general elections in 2004 and 2009.Mrs Gandhi, an Italian-born Catholic, would have been the first foreigner to become Indian prime minister had she not surprised everyone by turning down the post after her general election success in 2004. Yet, many considered her the de facto head of the Congress government.In recent years Mrs Gandhi has faced health issues. In 2011, she had surgery in the US for an undisclosed medical condition and in 2013 she was taken to hospital from parliament after falling ill.
941592074159312896	2017-12-15 08:53:39	https://t.co/505jQoXqo7	Sumatran rhino 'hanging on by a thread' https://t.co/505jQoXqo7	Scientists have decoded the genome of the Sumatran rhinoceros - one of the most threatened mammals on Earth.Its genetic blueprint shows that populations have been in decline for a very long time.The rhino's troubles began during the last Ice Age, when its habitat shrunk, says a US team.Since then, human pressures have caused numbers to dwindle further. There are now thought to be fewer than 250 individuals left in the wild."This species has been well on its way to extinction for a very long time," said study researcher, Terri Roth at the Center for Conservation and Research of Endangered Wildlife at the Cincinnati Zoo and Botanical Garden.The genome sequence data revealed the Pleistocene "was a roller-coaster ride for Sumatran rhinoceros populations," added lead researcher, Dr Herman Mays of Marshall University in West Virginia. The Pleistocene is the geological time period that lasted from about 2,588,000 to 11,700 years ago, spanning the world's most recent Ice Age. The researchers sequenced and analysed the first whole Sumatran rhino genome from a sample belonging to a well-known male at Cincinnati Zoo.Ipuh lived at the zoo from the 1990s, but died four years ago at the age of 33. He sired three offspring, more than any other Sumatran rhino in the world, and deposited his genetic material in a gene bank.From his DNA, scientists were able to model the population history of the Sumatran rhino.They say the population approached 60,000 individuals about 950,000 years ago. By about 12,000 years ago - the end of the Pleistocene - Sumatran rhinos had lost much of their suitable habitat, like many other large mammals.Land bridges exposed during the Ice Age connecting the islands of Borneo, Java, and Sumatra to the Malay Peninsula and mainland Asia had disappeared into the sea. By 9,000 years ago, numbers had declined dramatically due to climate pressures."Their population bottomed out and never showed signs of recovery," said Prof Mays."The Sumatran rhinoceros species is hanging on by a thread," Dr Roth added. "We need to do more to save it."The Sumatran rhino once roamed from the foothills of the Himalayas in Bhutan and north-eastern India, through southern China, Myanmar, Thailand, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam and the Malay Peninsula, and onto the islands of Sumatra and Borneo in Indonesia. The species is now confined mainly to Sumatra and is listed as Critically Endangered by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN).The IUCN says over-hunting for its horn and other medicinal products has driven the animal to the brink of extinction.There are over 20 Sumatran rhinos in captivity, mostly in Indonesia and Malaysia, with a few in the US.Hundreds of large mammal species disappeared after the last Ice Age, due to climate change, loss of vegetation and human hunting.Genetics gives researchers a window into the past; from a single whole genome sequence, they are able to model how the size of a population has changed over time.This is particularly useful for ancient DNA or in very rare animal populations; it has been used to study the giant panda, passenger pigeon and the woolly mammoth.Follow Helen on Twitter.
941589152834957313	2017-12-15 08:42:02	https://t.co/l3cdsx4lFB	Booze calculator: What's your drinking nationality? https://t.co/l3cdsx4lFB https://t.co/yD1fSVl0cR	How does your drinking measure up to the average in countries around the world? Find out below if you are similar to a boozy Belarusian or a teetotal Kuwaiti. Pints of beer (568ml) Glasses of wine (175ml) Spirits (25ml) Cider or sorghum beer (Pints/568ml glasses) Fortified wine, eg port (70ml glasses) Rice wine, eg sake (125ml carafes) (but this is not a very good match) Litres of pure alcohol per yearLitres of pure alcohol per person per year, by countryHeaviest-drinkingBelarus (17.5 litres)Lightest-drinkingKuwait (0.1 litres)Alcoholic drinks made from malted barley count as beer, those from fermented grapes as wine, and all distilled drinks are categorised as spirits. But that leaves out a lot of sources of alcohol. So cider, made from apples or pears, or sake, made from rice, are separated out into the "other" category by the World Health Organization, which compiles the drinks data published on this page. Beer made from sorghum would also fall into the "other" category, which is why this category is dominant in large parts of sub-Saharan Africa - sorghum is a grain that thrives in hot climates and can withstand harsh droughts.Fortified wines such as port, made with a hybrid fermentation process that includes distillation, are separated from regular wine and listed as "other" by the WHO. The closest-matching country calculation is based on a comparison of your data with the average alcohol consumption of beer, wine, spirits and all other drinks lumped together for the entire population of each country in the WHO's data: men, women, drinkers and non-drinkers of all ages over 15.It assumes, as the WHO does, that the average pint of beer or cider is 5% alcohol by volume, that wine is typically 12%, that spirits are 40%, fortified wines are 17.5%, and sake 9%.The WHO collates and publishes country-level data on overall per-capita alcohol consumption, broken down by type of drink, which is based on tax receipts or import-export data. In countries where these sorts of official statistics are unavailable, industry data is used instead.In addition to this, the organisation tries to quantify the amount of "unrecorded" alcohol consumed, which may have been home-brewed or smuggled into the country - or taken from sources not intended for human consumption.This second category, which the WHO reports is larger than the official category in some countries - and highest of all in Moldova - is underpinned by survey data or, if all else fails, "expert opinion".As a consequence, the statistics on this page are not without uncertainty. For full details on methods and confidence intervals, please see the WHO website.Roughly how many units of alcohol are in each drink?To keep health risks from alcohol to a low level it is best not to drink more than 14 units a week, according to official guidelines in the UK. If you do drink more than this amount it is best to spread your drinking evenly over three or more days. The risk of health problems, including some cancers, increases the more you drink on a regular basis.The World Health Organization defines drinking heavily as consuming more than 7.5 units in a single occasion.Drinking this much at least once a month "is associated with detrimental consequences even if the average level of alcohol consumption of the person concerned is relatively low", it says. Produced by Ed Lowther, Lilly Huynh, Mark Bryson and Steven Connor. 
941587181725995009	2017-12-15 08:34:12	https://t.co/lyONYr36UF	The office #ChristmasParty: Good idea or bad idea? And is it right that banks are reining in spending on the Decemb… https://t.co/lyONYr36UF	 Il modo più veloce per condividere un Tweet di qualcun altro con chi ti segue è con un Retweet. Toccare l'icona per inviarlo istantaneamente. Aggiungi le tue osservazioni su qualsiasi Tweet con una risposta. Trova un argomento che ti appassiona, e seguilo. Ottenere una visione istantanea di quello che la gente sta parlando ora. Seguire più account per ottenere aggiornamenti in tempo reale su argomenti che ti interessano. Vedere le ultime conversazioni su qualsiasi argomento all'istante. Aggiornati immediatamente sulle migliori storie man mano che si svolgono. The office #ChristmasParty: Good idea or bad idea? And is it right that banks are reining in spending on the December bash? That's what @bbcbaxter and @bbcdavideades want to know #bbcbizlivepic.twitter.com/C3dGtiMBqpBad idea. Too much debauchery and other ills displayed. I lost respect for some colleagues because of the one Christmas party I attended. And I feel it is horrible for banksters; whose works have been devastating to so many, should be spending so liberally for Christmas partiesAlways used to be guilty consciences and sheepish looks after office party years ago. The innopropriate behaviour was the normBad idea. Who wants to get dressed up just to *party* with your co-workers and bosses who you see too much of already? Then add in the potential for improper actions.Let’s all retweet this message, it should create awareness not to let another homeless person die on the street in the freezing cold. Lets enjoy the Christmas party but let this video change our perception of the less fortunate. http://youtu.be/hGJVBjoc9GQ RIP Chris pic.twitter.com/cKxD3xPGDNMet my wife at such a party so I vote yeshttps://goo.gl/QVfnuG Bad idea we see enough of our colleagues without having to "drink" / socialise with them.Is this really worth publishing on BBC World News? Torna su ↑ Twitter potrebbe essere sovraccarico o avere un problema temporaneo. Riprova o visita Twitter Status per ulteriori informazioni. 
941544577617612800	2017-12-15 05:44:55	https://t.co/nSMOE2hqfX	Japan expands unilateral sanctions against North Korea https://t.co/nSMOE2hqfX	Japan has imposed fresh sanctions against North Korea as it seeks to ramp up pressure on Pyongyang over its nuclear and missile programmes.Chief cabinet secretary Yoshihide Suga said the assets of another 19 entities and individuals would be frozen.More than 210 organisations and people from countries including China and Russia will now be targeted. Businesses on the blacklist include banks, coal and minerals traders, and transport firms.The widening of sanctions comes ahead of a meeting of the UN Security Council to be held on Friday. Japan said it is facing a "pressing threat unseen before" after North Korea fired an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) across its territory in September. "North Korea launched an ICBM ballistic missile that landed in our exclusive economic zone and continues to repeat provocative commentaries", Mr Suga told reporters on Friday. Mr Suga said it would freeze more assets to "further increase pressure" on Pyongyang. Japan already imposes strict restrictions on North Korea, including a blanket ban on trade and port calls.South Korea and the US also impose unilateral sanctions on North Korea, in addition to sanctions enforced by the UN. The UN Security Council meeting on Friday is aimed at finding peaceful ways to pressure North Korea to halt its nuclear and ballistic missile tests, and denuclearize the Korean Peninsula.
941531584678780928	2017-12-15 04:53:17	https://t.co/LisEoWot4W	EU leaders to move Brexit to next stage https://t.co/LisEoWot4W	EU leaders are expected to formally agree to start the next phase of Brexit negotiations later.It means talks can move on to the long-term relationship between the UK and EU, days after Theresa May suffered her first defeat in the House of Commons.The next round of talks on a transition period after the UK leaves in March 2019 could begin as early as next week.European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said this process would be "significantly harder".Mrs May was applauded by other leaders at dinner in Brussels on Thursday night after she made a speech urging the two sides to embrace the way ahead with "creativity and ambition". The European Commission has said "sufficient progress" has been made on the first phase to move onto discussing the framework of a future relationship - including issues such as security and trade.Mr Juncker said the EU's initial priority was to "formalise the agreement we have now" on issues such as citizens' rights before starting negotiations on a future relationship after the UK leaves in March 2019. "The second phase will be significantly harder than the first and the first was very difficult," he warned. Speaking to reporters, German Chancellor Angela Merkel said progress had been made but there was "much more work to be done and time is of the essence". Under EU rules, the prime minister will not attend the meeting where the decision is formally confirmed. She has now returned to the UK. During the dinner with the 27 other EU leaders, Mrs May urged them to approve an agreement to move Brexit talks on to a second phase.In a brief speech, she stressed her keenness to get on with shaping a "deep and special" future partnership as quickly as possible, leaving no doubt that she believes she was "on course to deliver Brexit".She said she made "no secret" of wanting to move on to the next phase and to approaching it with "ambition and creativity"."A particular priority should be agreement on the implementation period so that we can bring greater certainty to businesses in the UK and across the 27," she said.In applauding Mrs May, Mr Juncker said her EU colleagues "felt that she did make a big effort and this has to be recognised" while Austrian Chancellor Christian Kern said he appreciated "her efforts and engagement". But Maltese PM Joseph Muscat said the UK must spell out "very clearly" what it wanted from its post-Brexit relationship with the EU for the talks to proceed smoothly. The text likely to be rubber-stamped by the leaders will promise to work towards a "framework" for a trade deal - with a wait until March before guidelines for the way ahead are produced. The document states that a formal free trade agreement cannot be signed until after the UK has left the EU.The talks will first prioritise translating recent headway on the issues of citizens' rights, the Irish border and the "divorce bill" into a legally-binding withdrawal agreement - as well as to work out the terms for a transition period to follow the official date of Brexit.The EU leaders will stay on to discuss the eurozone as the two-day summit draws to a close - having also debated the flow of migrants over the Mediterranean and sanctions on Russia.Mrs May has said the Brexit process is still "on course" despite her defeat in a Parliamentary vote on Wednesday night.Speaking in Brussels, Mrs May said she was "disappointed" at the vote on the EU Withdrawal Bill, but the legislation was making "good progress".MPs backed an amendment giving them a legal guarantee of a vote on the final Brexit deal struck with Brussels.Ministers are due to have their first discussion of the "end state" relationship between UK and the EU in a cabinet meeting on Tuesday.Meanwhile, Mrs May is facing a further challenge next week when MPs vote on a government amendment to enshrine the Brexit date of 29 March 2019 in law.The BBC's political editor Laura Kuenssberg said there was no sign so far that Mrs May was going to budge on the issue but further compromises could be "forced on her". 
941524046159777792	2017-12-15 04:23:19	https://t.co/KlmSdCYHXs	US woman used bitcoin to move cash to Islamic State, police say https://t.co/KlmSdCYHXs	A New York woman has been accused of laundering bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies and wiring the money to help the so-called Islamic State.Zoobia Shahnaz, 27, was charged with bank fraud, conspiracy to commit money laundering and money laundering and is being held without bail.Ms Shahnaz was born in Pakistan and worked as a lab technician in the US.Prosecutors say she took out fraudulent loans of $85,000 (£63,000) in order to buy the bitcoin online.Bitcoin is an online currency. Despite not being legal tender, the value of bitcoin has rocketed this year.It has been exploited by criminals to launder money. British authorities are pushing to increase regulation of the currency.According to court records, Ms Shahnaz, who lives in Brentwood on Long Island, was a lab technician at a Manhattan hospital until June. Prosecutors said that Ms Shahnaz obtained a Pakistani passport in July and booked a flight to Pakistan with a layover in Istanbul, intending to travel to Syria. She was arrested at John F Kennedy airport carrying $9,500 in cash, just under the limit of $10,000 that a person can legally take out of the country without declaring the funds.Searches of her electronic devices showed numerous searches for Islamic State-related material. Ms Shahnaz faces up to 20 years in prison on each of the money laundering charges and up to 30 years for the bank fraud charge.Her lawyer, Steve Zissou, said she was sending money overseas to help Syrian refugees."What she saw made her devoted to lessening the suffering of a lot of the Syrian refugees and everything she does is for that purpose," Mr Zissou said outside the courthouse.
941499824322596864	2017-12-15 02:47:04	https://t.co/VMNdYhwAxi	California firefighter dies as Thomas blaze rages https://t.co/VMNdYhwAxi	A California firefighter has been killed by a wildfire burning across Ventura and Santa Barbara counties.Fire chief Ken Pimlott said the victim was apparatus engineer Cory Iverson, 32, a father-of-one whose wife is pregnant with a second child.Iverson was part of a crew battling the Thomas Fire, one of six major blazes currently raging in the state.The Thomas fire has grown to 379 square miles (981 sq km), becoming the fourth-largest in California's history.It has destroyed more than 900 properties, including 729 homes, two residential apartment blocks, two hotels and 18 other commercial properties, and scorched an area the size of New York and Paris combined.The California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection (Cal Fire) did not give out any more details about Iverson's death, but it followed reports earlier in the day of a fire unit being overrun by the blaze near the town of Fillmore.Cal Fire said on Thursday that the Thomas blaze was 30% contained, up from 20% on Tuesday, but it continues to grow.The agency said 8,144 firefighters were tackling the blaze, using 1,004 fire engines, 59 water tenders and 80 bulldozers. More than 30 helicopters and six air tankers are reportedly involved in the fight.Several thousand of those firefighters are prisoners. According to local news station KPBS, they are paid $2 per day and and additional $1 per hour when they are actively fighting fires.Steep slopes and rocky terrain have made it dangerous to tackle the flames.Efforts to combat the Thomas wildfire have already totalled more than $48 million (£36 million). Many local school districts have cancelled classes and will not reopen until after the new year.The blaze - named according to where it started, near the Thomas Aquinas College - is by far the largest of six major fires alight in the state.The Thomas fire shows no signs of letting up as gusts of wind up to 40mph (65km/h) and low humidity pose a continued challenge to firefighters.By James Cook, Los Angeles CorrespondentRadio traffic between firefighters and their controllers on Thursday morning gave a glimpse of the terrifying reality of tackling this monster blaze."Fire is coming right at you," said one message as units in the Fillmore area on the far eastern edge of the wildfire were ordered to pull back.The weather had apparently changed suddenly, posing a threat to the lives of the firefighters in the area.There were reports of a Mayday call, a rescue helicopter was scrambled and controllers attempted to contact a firefighter who was said to be "down" in the area.The confirmation that a fire engineer had died came quickly. The man's family have been told of his death.
941499824037335040	2017-12-15 02:47:04	https://t.co/9MFvDywPl3	Russia a 'risk' to undersea cables, defence chief warns https://t.co/9MFvDywPl3	The UK's most senior military officer has warned of a new threat posed by Russia to communications and internet cables that run under the sea. Air Chief Marshal Sir Stuart Peach, the chief of the defence staff, said Britain and Nato needed to prioritise protecting the lines of communication.He said it would "immediately and potentially catastrophically" hit the economy if they were cut or disrupted.The cables criss-cross the seabed, connecting up countries and continents.The world's submarine network comprises an estimated 213 independent cable systems and 545,018 miles (877,121 km) of fibre, according to a recent report for the Policy Exchange think tank.But it said a lack of formal state ownership meant cables do not have strong protection in international law.Despite that, an estimated 97% of global communications and $10 trillion in daily financial transactions are transmitted by cables under the ocean.Speaking to the Royal United Services Institute defence think tank, Sir Stuart said the vulnerability of undersea lines posed a "new risk to our way of life".He said Nato had prioritised the protection of the cables "in response to the threat posed by the modernisation of the Russian navy, both nuclear and conventional submarines and ships". He said it was "very, very important" to understand how crucial that mission was for Nato, "because Russia in addition to new ships and submarines continues to perfect both unconventional capabilities and information warfare."The UK and its allies needed to "match and understand Russian fleet modernisation", he added.By Jonathan Beale, BBC defence correspondentFears of Russia cutting, disrupting or "wire tapping" undersea communication lines are growing. Defence and intelligence chiefs see not just increased Russian submarine activity, but its willingness to use unconventional asymmetric warfare. In highlighting this threat, Air Chief Marshall Peach was admitting Britain and its Nato allies were ill-prepared to deal with the prospect of such an attack. There's been a significant increase in Russian submarine activity in the North Atlantic, particularly the GIUK (Greenland, Iceland and the UK) gap.Britain certainly doesn't have enough ships, submarines and aircraft to mount a constant watch. The UK will be getting new maritime patrol aircraft in the next decade, but for now has had to rely on the help of other Nato aircraft to hunt down submarines. Nato's former top military Chief Admiral Stavridis recently said: "We've allowed this vital infrastructure to grow increasingly vulnerable and this should worry us all."Sir Stuart said: "There is a new risk to our way of life, which is the vulnerability of the cables that criss-cross the seabeds."Can you imagine a scenario where those cables are cut or disrupted, which would immediately and potentially catastrophically affect both our economy and other ways of living."According to the Policy Exchange report - published earlier this month - many cable systems are potentially at risk. "Undersea cables are the indispensable infrastructure of our time, essential to our modern life and digital economy, yet they are inadequately protected and highly vulnerable to attack at sea and on land, from both hostile states and terrorists," the report concluded.Conservative MP Rishi Sunak, author of the report, warned a successful attack on the UK's network of undersea communications cables could deal a "crippling blow" to the country's security and economy.He said the locations of the cables were "both isolated and publicly available" and a successful attack would be an "existential threat to our security".Writing a foreword to the document, Admiral James Stavridis, a former US Navy officer and ex-Nato supreme allied commander, said: "It is not satellites in the sky, but pipes on the ocean floor that form the backbone of the world's economy."He also warned of a potential threat from China and Iran, as well as Russia.He called for the creation of more "dark cables", to be kept in reserve, and said Nato must be prepared to defend global submarine cables, if necessary.It comes after a ship dragging its anchor cut three undersea internet cables connecting the Channel Islands to the UK last year.It resulted in slower internet connections and phone problems across the islands.The internet has been the driving innovation of 21st Century life but the world started to become "connected" more than 160 years ago.The race to lay an undersea or "submarine" cable began soon after the first telegraph signal was sent in the 1830s. By 1850 Britain and France were linked. Archaeologist Cassie Newland, who last year curated an exhibition at London's Guildhall Art Gallery on the laying of a transatlantic cable in 1856, has described the efforts as the "talk of the age, the Victorian equivalent of the Apollo mission".The London-based Atlantic Telegraph Company had backing from the British and US governments and two Navy vessels started to lay a copper cable insulated in the natural plastic gutta-percha on a 2,300 miles route between the west coast of Ireland and Newfoundland. It was not until August 1858 that they were successful, an achievement marked by Queen Victoria sending the first transatlantic message to US President James Buchanan.By 1870, there was a cable between Britain and India, and Australia followed two years later. The whole world was connected in 1902 with the laying of cables spanning the 6,000 miles between Manila and San Francisco.Investment in undersea cables did not, of course, stop and the fibre-optic lines of today carry more than 97% of all communication traffic.
941496826125004800	2017-12-15 02:35:10	https://t.co/GH6ICbSmDl	A landmark royal commission in Australia has uncovered harrowing evidence of child sexual abuse within institutions… https://t.co/GH6ICbSmDl	 Il modo più veloce per condividere un Tweet di qualcun altro con chi ti segue è con un Retweet. Toccare l'icona per inviarlo istantaneamente. Aggiungi le tue osservazioni su qualsiasi Tweet con una risposta. Trova un argomento che ti appassiona, e seguilo. Ottenere una visione istantanea di quello che la gente sta parlando ora. Seguire più account per ottenere aggiornamenti in tempo reale su argomenti che ti interessano. Vedere le ultime conversazioni su qualsiasi argomento all'istante. Aggiornati immediatamente sulle migliori storie man mano che si svolgono. A landmark royal commission in Australia has uncovered harrowing evidence of child sexual abuse within institutions, including churches, schools and sports clubs: http://bbc.in/2zcSVVy The numbers are alarming. And survivor stories are harrowing: http://bbc.in/2j5G6nn pic.twitter.com/GAq9z9fDIvI'm so proud that me speaking out has given a voice to people across the globe. It was all worth it. I hope to leave a legacy You already have. Well done for speaking out thank you for being the person you have become for having Humility and for being a voice. And most of all thank you for continuing in those dark moments and becoming the role model you are Thank you Abbie I've kept a low profile with my dignity yet I will show my ultimate strength to protect and support children with positivityAbsolutely. As will I We may be a species in terminal decline.and they needed a commission for thisYes, a royal commission has powers the police don't. It also provided a safe space that survivors could have confidence in - something some, based on experience, couldn't be confident in from the Police. I don't care about cost, it was necessary & worthwhile.i think u misunderstood all these issues are decades old and full known this is a failure of society not govtPretty sure I didn't misunderstand. Some things were known, some were inferred I agree, but police have limited ability to get to the bottom of the inner machinations of organisations, suspicion & inference are not proof, only a RC could fully expose that behaviour for these orgsthen ur govt needs to give ur authorities more power and orgs less protectionIt's a bit circular, but that's what the RC was for. and there are other agencies that have similar powers focussed on corruption & organised crime, but we very much limit who has such powers.Children's voices need to be made an absolute priority to help counter the abuse and have people believe them as they try to survive their experiences.Dont be silentLiterally destroy them.Why is this not Global News? Are abused children any different in other countries? It’s an epidemic that needs to be fixed right now.This is beyond sad and inhuman .Lord JesusThe houses of lord Jesus is where most of the abuse keeps taking place.. Torna su ↑ Twitter potrebbe essere sovraccarico o avere un problema temporaneo. Riprova o visita Twitter Status per ulteriori informazioni. 
941474294130933760	2017-12-15 01:05:38	https://t.co/7lqMdJBP4h	Australia child abuse inquiry: Final recommendations released https://t.co/7lqMdJBP4h	A five-year inquiry into sexual abuse in Australia has released its final report, saying institutions had "seriously failed" to protect children.The royal commission, Australia's highest form of public inquiry, heard more than 8,000 testimonies from victims of abuse.The accusations covered churches, schools and sports clubs over decades.Among more than 400 recommendations, the report calls on the Catholic Church to overhaul its celibacy rules. "Tens of thousands of children have been sexually abused in many Australian institutions. We will never know the true number," the report said."It is not a case of a few 'rotten apples'. Society's major institutions have seriously failed."Since 2013, the royal commission has referred more than 2,500 allegations to authorities. The final report, released on Friday, added 189 recommendations to 220 that had already been made public. The proposals will now be considered by legislators.Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said "a national tragedy" had been exposed.The Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse had the power to look at any private, public or non-government body involved with children. It was contacted by more than 15,000 people. More than 8,000 victims told their stories, many for the first time in private sessions.2559allegations referred to police since the inquiry began in 2013230 prosecutions have commenced 41,770 calls received from members of the public 60,000 survivors may be eligible for compensation, estimates say The commission also received more than 1,300 written accounts and held 57 public hearings across the nation. Allegations were raised against more than 4,000 institutions.Religious ministers and school teachers were the most commonly reported perpetrators, the report said. The greatest number were in Catholic institutions.The commission had previously recommended that Catholic clerics should face criminal charges if they fail to report sexual abuse disclosed to them during confession.The final report on Friday urged Australian Catholic bishops to petition the Vatican to amend canon law to allow priests to report such disclosures.It also said the Catholic Church should consider making celibacy voluntary for priests because while it was "not a direct cause of child sexual abuse", it had "contributed to the occurrence of child sexual abuse, especially when combined with other risk factors".The BBC's Hywel Griffith in Sydney said applying mandatory reporting to confession would trigger debate across the Catholic world, and has raised questions for bodies far beyond Australia's borders.Among its other major findings, the inquiry recommended:Throughout the inquiry, many leaders of institutions admitted failures and apologised to victims on behalf of their groups.On Friday, the president of the Australian Catholic Bishops Conference, Archbishop Denis Hart, offered an "unconditional" apology."This is a shameful past, in which a prevailing culture of secrecy and self-protection led to unnecessary suffering for many victims and their families," he said.However, he rejected changing the rules on confession. "The seal of the confessional, or the relationship with God that's carried through the priest and with the person, is inviolable," he said.On the call for voluntary celibacy, he said it was up to the Vatican to decide. "It's a discipline which the church can change," he told Fairfax Media.But Sydney's Catholic Archbishop Antony Fisher told reporters that child sexual abuse was "an issue for everyone, celibate or not", saying the problem also occurred in families and institutions with non-celibate clergy.Australia's most senior Anglican figure, Melbourne Archbishop Dr Philip Freier, apologised for "our failures and by the shameful way we sometimes actively worked against and discouraged those who came to us and reported abuse".*Names have been changed in the report to protect the identities of the survivors.
941468328824098819	2017-12-15 00:41:55	https://t.co/J0zm3FYf6d	Lock out https://t.co/J0zm3FYf6d	The internet of things (IoT) promises many advantages - smart cities with integrated transport systems, for instance - but it comes with a significantly increased cybersecurity risk. So how should we be tackling this new threat?Christoph Brandstatter is managing director of the four-star Seehotel, Jagerwirt, in Austria's Alps. His hotel's electronic door locks and other systems were hacked for ransom four times, between December 2016 and January 2017."We got a ransomware mail which was hidden in a bill from Telekom Austria," says Mr Brandstatter.His hotel's door keys became unusable after he clicked on a link to his bill. So was his hard drive."Actually, as a small business you do not really think that anybody's interested in you for hacking, so we had no plan what to do," he recalls. He paid a ransom of two bitcoins, saying "at that time it was about €1,600 (£1,406: $1,882)". He has now installed firewalls and new antivirus software, and has trained his staff to recognise phishing emails that may seem genuine but actually contain malware.And he's moved back to traditional metal keys."We've got good feedback about the old-fashioned keys," he says. "It gives guests a homely feeling."On 5 December 2017, Mr Brandstatter received an email from Austrian police telling him his passwords had been found on a computer in the south of England.This is the new threat presented by the internet of things - the growing number of devices connected to the internet, from keycard locking systems to coffee makers, security cameras to wi-fi routers.Around 21 billion of these so-called "smart devices" will be in use by 2020, up from 6.4 billion in 2016, research firm Gartner believes.These days, you can even get hacked through your fish tank.A US casino's smart fish tank that could regulate its own salinity, temperature, and feeding schedules, was hacked earlier this year and used to gain access to the firm's wider network. The hackers were able to steal 10 gigabytes of data from the casino's computers and store it on a device in Finland."It was a different type of attack, much more targeted and much more insidious, managing to break into an organisation and then move laterally," says Mike Lloyd, chief technology officer at Silicon Valley cybersecurity firm RedSeal.Following the Mirai hack attack in 2016, we know how easy it is for hackers to gain control of computer networks through insecure devices and then use these "botnets" to launch attacks. Cybergangs can hire these botnets to send spam or carry out massive DDoS [distributed denial of service] attacks that knock servers offline.Meanwhile, "we're starting to see attacks focusing on compromising the integrity of data", says Jason Hart, chief technology officer for Dutch digital security firm Gemalto.Hackers leave the data in place, but subtly change it, seducing a company into making a poor decision that benefits a competitor, or causes its share price to fall. So what's to be done?Conventional cyber-security software spots about 80% of attacks by learning and then recognising the unique signatures of each piece of malware that comes on to the market. But with millions being created every week, keeping abreast of them is nigh impossible - lots slip through the net.So cybersecurity companies have been developing a different approach, one that monitors the behaviour of the computer network and tries to spot dodgy behaviour. For example, Eli David, co-founder of Tel-Aviv-based cybersecurity firm Deep Instinct, says his firm can spot 99% of IoT attacks. Mr David, is a former university lecturer and an expert in deep learning, a branch of artificial intelligence. In brief, machine learning algorithms monitor a network's "normal" activity - learning the usual patterns of behaviour of all the connected devices on that network. Once it has built up a picture of what is usual, it can then spot the unusual far more easily."Deep learning just looks at the raw binary [the patterns of zeros and ones]," he says, "so we don't care whether a file is from Windows, PowerPoint, or Android."This real time behavioural monitoring requires speedy computing, so Deep Instinct uses powerful graphics processors made by Nvidia."The only thing that comes out of the lab is a small, pre-trained brain that is a deep learning model of about 10-20 megabytes," he says, "and this is the only thing we put on the devices."But there are downsides, RedSeal's Mike Lloyd admits.With deep learning algorithms it's often impossible to understand the basis on which they made a decision to flag up strange behaviour on the network. Sometimes perfectly innocent behaviour is identified as dubious.And if the network behaviour changes legitimately, it can take a while for the algorithm to adapt to the "new normal", he says.Companies like Darktrace, Aruba Networks, Vectra Networks and Alien Vault adopt this kind of automated monitoring approach.Another challenge is simply finding out all the devices that are connecting to your network.BeyondTrust makes detectors that scan wireless frequencies, while specialist search engines like Shodan.io can find them through the internet. And there are plenty of cyber-security companies, such as SolarWinds, offering device detection software.The problem with IoT devices is that we often have to rely on the manufacturers to provide security updates. And they often can't be bothered.So bodies, like the European Commission, are exploring the introduction of minimum smart device security standards. "We need a regulatory Kitemark - we have it for cars and batteries," says Rik Ferguson, vice president of cybersecurity firm Trend Micro."The European Commission is looking at this very carefully," says Raphael Crouan, secretary of the EC's Alliance for Internet of Things Innovation."It's always a question for regulatory bodies, not wanting to limit innovation," he says.Regulation and legislation always seem to play catch-up with technology. Dave Palmer, technology director at UK threat intelligence firm Darktrace, says: "I think in five years we'll suddenly get secure products because people will throw away their first smart televisions and video conferencing units - it's a natural cycle."Until then, the hackers could have a field day.
941467502109974528	2017-12-15 00:38:38	https://t.co/a7jeVUpNnk	Africa's week in pictures https://t.co/a7jeVUpNnk	A selection of the best photos from across and about Africa this week:Images courtesy of AFP, EPA and Reuters
941466641594011653	2017-12-15 00:35:13	https://t.co/3uZbwkHZHp	Odebrecht scandal: Peru president Kuczynski under pressure to quit https://t.co/3uZbwkHZHp	Peru's president Pedro Pablo Kuczynski has said he will not resign, despite growing pressure over corruption allegations involving Brazilian construction firm Odebrecht.In a televised address late on Thursday, flanked by members of his cabinet, he denied any wrongdoing.Scandal-plagued Odebrecht says it paid Mr Kuczynski $5m (£3.7m) in advisory fees in a previous government role.Opposition leaders have called on the president to resign over the issue.The payments by Odebrecht were made to Westfield Capital Ltd, a company owned by Mr Kuczynski. He said that while he owned the company he was not manager of it when it received the payments.Writing on Twitter after his address, he said: "It cost us a lot to get our democracy back. We're not going to lose it again. I'm not going to give up my honour, nor my values, nor my responsibilities as president of all Peruvians."Odebrecht was fined a record $3.5bn by the US last year for bribing officials from various countries. Fraudulent "advisory fees" was one method the firm used to funnel bribes to officials, according to the case against the firm.Former company president Marcelo Odebrecht, who is serving a 19-year jail sentence in Brazil and has agreed to co-operate in return for leniency, said Mr Kuczynski was hired as an advisor in Peru a decade ago, while he was economy minister.Mr Odebrecht also told prosecutors that the construction company had paid $29m (£22m) in bribes to Peruvian officials over many years. Mr Kuczynski, 79, initially denied receiving any money from Odebrecht. He now denies receiving any illegal payments but admits working on an advisory basis for the firm.Peru's right-wing opposition Popular Force party, which controls the country's congress, claims there is enough evidence to prove corruption by Mr Kuczynski, a centrist elected last year to a five-year term.The party had warned that it would attempt to begin impeachment proceedings against him if he did not offer his resignation."It's obvious that him staying on in the nation's highest office is untenable," said party spokesman Daniel Salaverry.Reuters reported that senior officials in Mr Kuczynski's government had also called on him to quit.Mr Kuczynski, a former Wall Street banker, has pledged to testify before a congressional commission on Odebrecht wrongdoing in Peru on December 22.On Wednesday, Ecuador's vice president, Jorge Glas, was sentenced to six years for taking $13.5 million in bribes from Odebrecht, becoming the highest-ranking politician to be convicted in the scandal.
941462203491913728	2017-12-15 00:17:35	https://t.co/pnElJsYpju	Shroud of doubt https://t.co/pnElJsYpju	Peter Lang-Stanton set out to make a radio documentary about the truth of his father's role in one of the largest clandestine missions in US history, but he didn't realise the emotional minefield of investigating a loved one's past, still shrouded in secrecy.The summer before university, my dad and I went for a drive in the old Volvo - just the two of us, something we never did. We buckled our seatbelts, and kicked up dust on the gravel lane."Peter, it's time to tell you about the family business," my dad said as he tapped his fingers on the wheel waiting for a red light. The light turned green and we pulled out onto the main road. "Espionage."My father had a deadpan sense of humour, but if this was another dad joke, I thought, it seemed very elaborate and not very funny. As we drove through our town, a suburban huddle of strip malls and telephone poles, he told me he had worked undercover for the CIA for almost 40 years. When he didn't smirk and the silence became dense, it occurred to me that he was serious. "Does mom know?" I asked. "Oh," my father said. "Mom works there, too." People often ask: "Did you suspect anything?" No, my brothers and I never suspected anything. I thought my parents were paper-pushing bureaucrats in the State Department but truthfully, I didn't really know what they did. When you're growing up, everything your parents do is unbearably normal, until you're old enough to realise it's not. In the 1960s, while US Army troops spilled out of C-130s into Vietnam, the CIA fought a secret war in Laos. It was the height of the Cold War, and the CIA sent my father and a group of officers to arm and train the Hmong, a Laotian highland tribe, to fight the Communist Pathet Lao and North Vietnamese. It's hard to determine whether the CIA were empowering the Hmong, or hiring them. Retrospectively, both sides seem to think they were working for the benefit of the other. But many in the CIA knew the resistance was destined to fail; the Hmong were horse flies trying to take down a water buffalo. After the Vietnam War ended, the CIA abruptly pulled out of Laos, leaving thousands, possibly tens of thousands, of Hmong to flee. This was my father's first mission in the Central Intelligence Agency. My father died a few years after our talk in the station wagon. Before he died, he turned to me sitting beside his hospital bed and said: "I'm prouder of what we did in Laos than just about anything, other than you boys." After he passed, I read every book I could find on the CIA's secret war in Laos. I did what we often do when we lose someone. I searched for fragments of him in the world to appease the grief. But many of the books disparaged the CIA's actions in Laos, even calibrating for the perceived existential threat of Communism at the time. They admonished the way the CIA disappeared, resulting in a Hmong exodus to Thailand. And then there were all types of other allegations - drug-trafficking, carpet-bombing and even the use of Hmong children as soldiers in the secret army. Some historians described it as a scar on the agency and on the US.The more I read, the less I understood why this was my father's proudest achievement. As I set out to work on a radio documentary about the CIA's involvement in Laos, I emailed a few of my dad's agency buddies. I remember these men from childhood. They used to come over to the house on Sunday mornings and drink scotch. But now this generation was in their 80s and some were already gone. If I wanted to get first-hand accounts of what happened in Laos, it needed to be now. My call to speak to officers who were in Laos with my father was posted to "the SKYNET", an email forum for ex-CIA in Laos. Men with codenames like Mule and Igor emailed me. One said my father had a great laugh and owed him $18. He also said he would take a cheque. Watts (aka Tom Norton) was one of my father's best friends in the CIA. Tom wrote back and invited me down to South Carolina for a visit. We spent the better part of a week talking, drinking scotch, digging through mountains of old papers, tapes, slides, and video footage."I do wonder what will happen to all of this when I'm gone," Tom said. "But that's not my concern." We looked through hundreds of pictures, many of my father in Long Tieng, the CIA's secret base for the shadow war in Laos. Then one day, we came to the photo of a Hmong boy in a military uniform. "I think we had sort of an informal rule, " Tom said. "That the boy had to be as tall as an M-1 rifle to become a soldier. Maybe about 10 years old."From my research, I thought allegations of child soldiers in the CIA's secret war were unverified. Or perhaps I simply wanted them to be. Or maybe I assumed it was an isolated incident, occurring elsewhere - wherever my father was not. But this single photo shattered all of that.There is a danger in digging up things about the ones we've lost, because they can't defend themselves. They are frozen in amber and each time we conjure them, we distort them.The photo of the child soldier completely changed the path of the documentary. Many of the disparaging critiques of the CIA in Laos were simpler for me to explain away - some decisions were profoundly out of the control of my father or Tom Norton. But in the case of child soldiers, it seemed like CIA officers like my father could have drawn a line in the sand. I almost booked a ticket to Laos in search of answers, but after a series of phone calls, my coproducer, Nick Farago, and I found the person we needed to speak to in California's Central Valley. Xing Yang was a former child soldier in the secret army. He welcomed us with a soft, warm handshake into his home in Fresno. As half a dozen grandchildren ran around, we sat on the couches in his living room, and Xing told us how he was abducted by Hmong soldiers on his way to school one day. He was taken to a military base, given a gun, and trained to clean, load, and shoot it. He saw his first firefight when he was 12 years old. Then I asked Xing what I had come there to ask. Was he upset with the Americans for what happened? I gave Xing the opportunity to admonish the CIA and the US - a man with as much right as anyone to be upset - but he decidedly did not take it. Throughout production of the radio documentary, there was a muscular social pressure to admonish my father, Tom Norton, and the CIA. But I'm not certain admonishment always has the effect we want it to. More often, it seems to satisfy our own thirst for righteousness, rather than bring about change. If we refuse to identify with actors in history, we will never learn its lessons. "No-one is righteous," Xing Yang told us before we left. "And God also knows what we're thinking in our hearts."I set out to learn what my father did in Laos, but the answers I found were unsatisfying, still shrouded in secrecy. At the end of the documentary, the listener is left grasping at half-truths and flickers of honesty. But this is precisely what it was like to be a spy's son. When all is said and done, the only admonishment I have for my father is that he never discussed his life with me. "Do you think you can still have a genuine relationship with someone when one person is deceiving the other?" I asked Tom Norton at his home in South Carolina. "Yes. You're still the same people," Tom said. "You've just got a different name." Click here to listen to the documentary, The CIA's Secret War in Laos.
941462203479285761	2017-12-15 00:17:35	https://t.co/aOV358llnD	'Bribing the desperate' https://t.co/aOV358llnD	If you'd travelled across the world to pursue a better life, would you move back in return for money?Germany is betting that the answer is yes.The country has long offered migrants and asylum seekers financial incentives to leave its shores, and until 28 February 2018 it's prepared to pay out extra.Individuals will get €1,000 and families up to €3,000 (£2,650; $3,540) to cover rent or resettlement costs back in their home countries - things like basic kitchen or bathroom facilities.Critics say Angela Merkel's government is trying to bribe its way out of a tricky situation, but supporters say the scheme will help sad, exhausted migrants who just want to go home.Germany is by no means first to this approach. So where else has done it - and is it morally wrong?According to Dr Jeff Crisp, a Fellow at the Chatham House think tank, so-called "voluntary return" programmes for asylum seekers have been around for at least 20 years, and everywhere from Australia to the UK and Canada has tried them."The pressure on people to return is definitely being ramped up, and return is being seen as the key to the whole migration situation in Europe at the moment," he told the BBC."Governments in Europe particularly much prefer these programmes because they're less messy. There's less likelihood that things will go wrong than when you're forcing people onto planes in handcuffs."Figures from the International Organization for Migration (IOM), which runs many countries' reward schemes, show that it helped 98,403 people return to their countries of origin in 2016. Over half of them - 54,006 people - were leaving Germany. Some 39,000 out of the 98,403 received cash (given to 61% of people) or benefits in kind, at a cost of $32.7m. How does a government sell that kind of outlay to the voting public?In Scandinavia, which has seen a migrant influx in the past decade, officials say it's cheaper to help asylum seekers leave than to house them in immigration centres.Sweden currently offers grants of 30,000 Krona (£2,653; $ 3,550) for lone migrants and 75,000 for families, paid as a lump sum in US dollars.And in spring 2016, nearby Norway made headlines for adding a 10,000 kroner "bonus" onto its existing rewards package for the first 500 asylum seekers to apply."We need to entice more [people] to voluntarily travel back by giving them a bit more money on their way out," Migration Minister Sylvi Listhaug declared. But is that really an ethical approach?While the IOM says it adopts "a humane and dignified approach" to help migrants get home, human rights groups have argued otherwise.In Germany, pro-refugee group Pro Asyl accused the government of "trying to entice people to give up their rights in the basest manner". Dr Crisp questions whether these schemes should be described as voluntary at all when participants may be destitute, unable to work legally in their host country."The IOM is very keen to push up the numbers. I think they get paid pretty much on a per capita basis. So for everyone they send back to their home country, they get money from donor states such as Germany," he says.The rule about which countries are exempt from the scheme is also controversial. Migrants from Syria, Yemen, and Libya are not eligible for assistance, as the IOM feels it can't guarantee their safe return from Germany. But observers say departees could also be at risk in Afghanistan, which the funding does cover, as conflict is ongoing and the authorities lack resources to help them.Sabine Lehmann, a spokeswoman for IOM Germany, said there was a long-term plan in place for every person's reintegration in their home country, via IOM offices on the ground. She said all volunteers received "return counselling" before departing, and left on ordinary passenger flights."Not all of them are obliged to leave the country. Many of them are rejected asylum seekers - but it's not the majority," she said."It could be that you have been living in Germany for 10 years or for 30 years. Maybe your partner dies, you want to go back, you don't have the money - then you can participate in this programme."She adds that people being held in detention centres are not eligible to apply for the funding - so nobody is bartering for their freedom. The news that 222 planned flights were stopped by German pilots who refused to fly failed asylum seekers back to Afghanistan shows how controversial deportation has become there.While the number of new asylum applications in Germany fell by almost half to 90,389 in the first half of 2017, a humane solution is needed for the thousands whose requests have already been turned down.Berlin clearly hopes its latest push will be good value compared with the cost of grounded flights and the security officers who oversee forced deportations. And then there's the saving in court time.Almost twice as many asylum seekers are launching appeals in Germany year on year in 2017, as its deportation drive cranks up. Around one in two rulings makes it to court, and about a quarter of appeals succeed.German public broadcaster NDR (cited by the news portal DW) puts the rough cost of these judgements at 19m euros from January to November 2017 - a full 7.8m more than in 2016.For that money, the latest incentive scheme could afford to pay 19,000 people to leave voluntarily.A note on terminology: The BBC uses the term migrant to refer to all people on the move who have yet to complete the legal process of claiming asylum. This group includes people fleeing war-torn countries such as Syria, who are likely to be granted refugee status, as well as people who are seeking jobs and better lives, who governments are likely to rule are economic migrants.
941447742819373057	2017-12-14 23:20:07	https://t.co/yIJ4I3pbK9	Class of 77 https://t.co/yIJ4I3pbK9	Forty years ago China reinstated its all-important college entrance exam after a gap of more than a decade when the country was plunged into the chaos of the Cultural Revolution. More than five million people sat the exams in the hope of securing a university place. The BBC's Yuwen Wu describes what it was like to be among them. On 10 December 1977, I took a bus to No 35 Middle School in the West City District of Beijing to do something young people in China hadn't done for more than 12 years. I was taking part in the first college entrance examination since 1965. There was subdued yet palpable excitement and expectation in the cold winter air, because for the first time in years we had our destiny in our own hands. In my pocket I clutched a bar of chocolate from my father. It was his way of supporting me - I'd never tasted chocolate before.During the Cultural Revolution, normal learning at schools and universities was interrupted, teachers and intellectuals found themselves publicly humiliated and beaten; some were driven to suicide. It was not a good time for those who valued a formal education. Most people associate 1978 with the start of China's reform and opening up, but it was in 1977 that momentum for that change was slowly building up - and the exam was hugely symbolic. In February that year, I got a job as a teacher of English in a primary school in Beijing. I had just spent three years at a language school that trained teachers, and considered myself lucky to be staying in the city rather than being sent to the countryside, like my four siblings and many of my classmates.Of course I had always wanted to go to university, but realising that it was not possible at that time, and might not be possible ever, I got down to work.I was tasked with teaching English to 200 grade three pupils aged 10, divided into four big classes. Within a week, I knew all their names, and I tried to instil in them a love for English, and was given a lot of support from other teachers. I even did a master class for the whole school, and it looked like I was on track to become an excellent teacher.One warm autumn day in 1977, I had just returned from a month in the countryside with the pupils, when my mother told me, in a very excited tone, that the government had decided to restore the college entrance exams from that winter, and I might be able to take part.I couldn't believe my ears. "Is it real or is it a bad joke? Do I finally have a chance to study at university?"It turned out that Deng Xiaoping, purged by Mao Zedong during the Cultural Revolution and rehabilitated as vice premier in 1977, had decided to tackle education as his priority. He called a meeting in August 1977 to discuss the possibility of restoring college entrance exams. Many were in favour, but others were not sure, the main obstacle being that Chairman Mao had endorsed selecting college students from workers, peasants and soldiers' backgrounds and there was little time to prepare for the switch.But Mr Deng made the historic decision to start the new system that year, which sent a ripple of excitement up and down the country, not least in the school where I worked.Eight young teachers wanted to do the exams. Our principal told us she supported us but couldn't give us leave to prepare for the exams. So we should carry on teaching as usual, but could skip the meetings. What followed were many long evenings revising for exams while preparing for the classes the next day. But I was in high spirits and didn't feel tired at all. My mother sat up late into the night with me, knitting in the background and testing my knowledge of history from time to time.I applied to read English at Peking University on my father's advice. I remember doing the Chinese exam on the first day; there was a composition which asked what we had done in that historic year. This played right into my hands - a new job, teaching 200 children English. We also did an English and maths exam.After passing the written tests, I took oral exams at Peking University, followed by a medical check-up, and a long wait for the final results. They came in a pretty dramatic fashion.On the last Saturday of the winter vacation in February 1978, all the staff members including eight of us exam takers were asked to make preparations for the new school year, while the principal went to pick up the results on our behalf.If it was good news, this would be our last day at this school; if it was bad news, we would return on Monday to carry on being a teacher there.College examinations were suspended in 1966 when Mao's Cultural Revolution swept the country. Students were mobilised to take part in the revolution, so formal schooling was interrupted. From 1968, millions of young people were sent to the countryside to be re-educated by "peasants". From the early 1970s, universities and colleges started to take in students again, from workers, peasants and soldiers' backgrounds, and they were mostly recommended for good political behaviour rather than through open competition. Some 5.7 million people took part in the college entrance examinations in 1977 and 273,000 got places, an admission rate of 4.8% - the lowest in history. Admission rates these days for the college exam - the gaokao - are significantly higher but the stakes are still high.The news came just before midday. Five of us had places in various universities. I got into Peking University. It all seemed a bit surreal. The principal hastily called a farewell meeting and we were each given a notebook as a leaving present. A few days later, I checked into Peking University, and the rest is history.We are known as the Class of '77 - even though we started our degrees in 1978. If you mention this term to people above a certain age, they will immediately associate you with life experience, hard work, a strong sense of responsibility and good luck. "You caught the first train," they would say.I am very proud to be a member of the Class of '77 and bear witness to a historic event in recent Chinese history.The exams in that year marked the beginning of China's opening up and reform and the Class of '77 went on to become the backbone of China's transformation for the next four decades. They were professors, scientists, lawyers, doctors, writers and leaders in their fields, among them the current Chinese premier Li Keqiang, who studied law and economics at Peking University, my alma mater. It was clear this generation would be the elite tasked with the responsibility of bringing the nation out of a period of darkness. There has been enormous economic progress, but there are also many voices that question the pace of political change. I fulfilled my dream of a university education and it is indisputable that China took a huge step towards correcting the wrongs of the Cultural Revolution. 
941438810478596097	2017-12-14 22:44:38	https://t.co/0tMdKkRbw9	Venezuela first lady's nephews jailed for drugs https://t.co/0tMdKkRbw9	Two nephews of Venezuela's first lady have been sentenced to 18 years in prison in the US after being convicted of trafficking drugs.Franqui Francisco Flores de Freitas, 32, and Efraín Antonio Campo Flores, 31 were accused of conspiring to smuggle 1,700 pounds (800kg) of cocaine into the United States.The men are the nephews of Cilia Flores, Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro's wife.The two were arrested in Haiti in 2015.Venezuela has accused the US of kidnapping the two men and framing them in order to undermine Mr Maduro's socialist government.Ms Flores is a member of Venezuela's powerful constituent assembly and served as speaker of the National Assembly between 2006 and 2011. Flores de Freitas and Campos Flores were arrested in Haiti in November 2015 by undercover US Drug Enforcement agents. They were taken to New York, charged with drug trafficking offences and convicted a year ago. Prosecutors said they men were in Haiti making arrangements to smuggle cocaine from South America to the US via Honduras. Prosecutors had sought for a sentence of 30 years, which US District Judge Paul Crotty in New York said "would be excessive" as they had no criminal record. The two men denied the charges before they were convicted by a jury in November 2016. Earlier this year, they said in court that the alleged plot "could never actually have been executed".Before Judge Crotty announced the sentence, Flores de Freitas and Campos Flores asked for a shorter sentence."I've always been a good person," said Flores de Freitas."Even in jail I tried to help those who were in a worse psychological situation than I find myself in."The case has caused further damage to already strained relations between the US and Venezuela. In July, US President Donald Trump imposed sanctions on Mr Maduro and other senior Venezuelan officials for alleged human rights violations.A wave of anti-government protests in Venezuela left more than 120 people dead in the first half of the year.Mr Maduro, who is in Cuba attending a meeting of regional leaders, has accused the US of leading a relentless campaign to destabilise left-wing governments in Venezuela and other Latin American countries. He said the US was effectively imposing an "economic blockade" on Venezuela, which has for years suffered with high inflation, rampant violence and the shortage of basic goods. 
941432886724648967	2017-12-14 22:21:05	https://t.co/QkeCNhkB0Q	Dalai Lama launches free iPhone app https://t.co/QkeCNhkB0Q	The Dalai Lama has launched a mobile app for followers to stay up to date with his travels and teachings.The exiled Tibetan spiritual leader, 82, already has a Twitter account with more than 16 million followers.His free app, currently only available on iPhone, will hold news, videos, photos and information.In 2013 the Roman Catholic Church launched the Pope App, which followed the Confession app where users could keep track of their sins.And other religious apps have sprung up, allowing leaders to keep in touch with congregations and helping people find food that conforms to their religious requirements while travelling.The Dalai Lama's app, simply titled Dalai Lama, does not have enough ratings yet for a points scoring on the app store.
941405826350305280	2017-12-14 20:33:34	https://t.co/6816RBKTZz	Syria war: US planes 'fire flares' at Russian jets https://t.co/6816RBKTZz	US fighter planes fired warning flares after Russian jets entered an agreed non-conflict area over Syria, the US defence department says. The two Russian Su-25s flew east of the Euphrates River and into US-designated air space on Wednesday, the Pentagon said.One of the US F-22 jets was nearly involved in a mid-air collision with a Russian plane, according to the US.However, the Russian defence ministry has denied the US account.In a statement it said the two Su-25s had been escorting a humanitarian convoy near a town beside the Euphrates when they were approached by the two F-22 jets.At the weekend Russian official Igor Konashenkov said he was bewildered the US had staked a claim over part of Syria's air space and accused the US-led coalition of "operating in Syria illegally".This is the most serious such incident involving Russian and US planes over Syria, BBC Defence Correspondent Jonathan Marcus says.According to the Pentagon, numerous calls were placed "on the emergency channel to convey to the Russian pilots that they needed to depart the area".A Pentagon spokesman said a verbal agreement was made between Washington and Moscow over the "deconfliction zone" in early November.Under the agreement, the US considers the area to the north and east of the Euphrates River part of their "skies", while Russia has freedom to patrol west of the river.But the US says Russian planes have flown into its zone six to eight times a day."It's become increasingly tough for our pilots to discern whether Russian pilots' actions are deliberate or if these are just honest mistakes," the spokesman said.By Jonathan Marcus, BBC News Defence Correspondent This is the most serious incident so far involving an encounter between US and Russian warplanes over Syria. It reflects the proximity of Russian-backed and US-backed forces in the Euphrates River valley, as the campaign against the remnants of so-called IS moves into a new phase. The battle now is about who controls territory on the ground, previously part of the IS "caliphate". Washington and Moscow have agreed that some 70km (43 miles) of the Euphrates River should be a de facto demarcation line between their air operations but, over recent weeks, Russian jets have frequently crossed into air space on the eastern side of the river. The firing of flares by the US aircraft in this latest episode is not an offensive action but one intended to underline their presence, after which it appears the Russian aircraft withdrew. But it is a worrying sign of the growing potential for accident or misunderstanding.
